This film is also one of my favorite Christmas movies of all time.<br /><br />A German mother takes her son to the winter cabin to escape the violence of the Battle of the Bulge. A small group of Americans find their way to the cabin with a wounded soldier and are forced to leave their weapons outside. When Nazis arrive they believe an axe is a rifle and surrender to it. They also leave their weapons outside and all sit to a Christmas dinner no one had planned! Even enemies can become friends.<br /><br />This is a perfect Family film, a great addition to any war collection, and a perfect addition to a Christmas collection.<br /><br />If you liked this full length film, another film short you will enjoy is My Christmas Soldier.
I saw this movie on TV a long time ago and I always wanted to see it again.  I found it at Amazon and bought it and I find it to be an instant 'classic'.  The performances are real and the story unique yet believeable.  Its a shame that a great movie like this doesn't get more attention. I thought there were two scenes in the movie that I didn't see on the DVD.  I could be wrong, but maybe there is a unedited version out there somewhere?  One scene I remember is where one German and one American soldier are outside talking about their lives before the war.  And I thought at the end of the movie there was a follow up of what happened to each individual after the war.  I may be crazy but I thought these two scenes were in the movie, but are not. Enjoy!
I saw this several years ago and liked it but forgot about it. I had the good fortune to catch it this past December on the Hallmark channel and just had to purchase it. The acting is very good and believeable and the story? Well let's just say it's one for the ages. My wife loved it and I know the rest of my family will also. It's amazing that a good, quality movie such as this does not get the recognition it deserves.
I saw this movie on television and knew that I had to purchase it for my mother.  She grew up with her mom, my grandmother, singing "Silent Night" in German.  There is a beautiful version of this song in the movie.  The song, along with the very positive message of the movie is very worthwhile.
This could have easily been a hokey, unbelievable movie, but it's not.  Every single actor in here is really good and there is enough drama and angst to make the characters believable. I strongly recommend, though maybe not for kids under 13 as there are some mild curse words and a bloody wound scene.
I'm often a little skeptical of Christmas movies because they often seem either meaningless or too sugary. This is an amazing movie! The acting is wonderful and the message is timeless. If I could have given it 10 stars I would have!
This movie will be a Christmas tradition in our home for years to come. What an unbelievable story of courage, love and sacrafice.
This is my favorite Christmas movie - it is not typical Christmas hype, just a great movie all in the family can enjoy together.  It takes place during WWII, the Battle of the Bulge, when a mother (Linda Hamilton) flees with her son to safety and hides out in a small cabin in the wilderness to avoid being captured by the Nazi's.  Soon there are both Americans and Germans invading her space to get out of the freezing cold and what transpires is captivating and moving. This all takes place during Christmas week.  Highly recommended. I just ordered a several copies for gifts. Even the price is right.
This is a must see film of a mother and her son aiding injured American soldier and his buddies lost in a German forest during the closing days of World War II.  When a group of German officers and soliders arrive on the scene, there are brief, but sharp conflicts that soon disappear on Christmas Eve.  It is superbly produced film with excellent actors.<br /><br />A highly recommended film that would be enjoyed during the holiday season.
I loved this movie. I first saw it on TV and was thrilled to be able to add this to my Christmas collection. (Thank you Amazon). I have always admired Linda Hamilton's work whether it's a "kick**s" character or the opposite end of the spectrum playing a very strong, loving and understanding German mother during World War II. I am not giving a long synopsis of the movie because since you are reading these reviews (prior to mine) you already know what the movie entails. This is just a short and sweet comment on a movie extremely well done and acted and one which will surely put you in the holiday spirit. A must see movie for the whole family. Enjoy!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0010VXL1S">Silent Night / Peace on Earth</a><br /><br />This DVD captures the true spirit of Christmas. Despite the war (WWII) in Germany, a woman fights to keep peace in her home. With German and American soldiers occupying her home, she manages to bring out decency and humanness in all of them. For at least a few hours, everyone lets down their guard,or tries to, and they enjoy a Christmas meal (food gathered from both the German and American soldiers). The strength of this woman to keep peace in her home under such dire circumstances is truly awe inspiring. It makes one reexamen how fortunate we all are to be able to live in peace.<br /><br />Trudy
This is a very  touching movie, Its about the war<br />and on christmas day they became friends long enough<br />to exchange gifts, Thanks to a women & her son.<br />Remember our boys at war  its  very sad.( Pray for peace)
This is my favorite Christmas movie, even if it is a was a war movie.  It shows how enemies can become friends.
We really enjoyed this movie as we are history buffs.  This takes place in WW11 & we liked both the acting & the storyline.  I would recomend this to anyone & definately sends the Christmas message of getting along in the world.
THIS IS BASED ON A TRUE EVENT DURING THE END OF WORLD WAR TWO, WELL DONE , NOT YOUR CORNY CHRISTMAS MOVIE, SAFE FOR FAMILY VIEWING, TOO.LINDA HAMILTON IS GREAT IN THE ONLY FEMALE IN THE MOVIE ,THIS WILL BE ONE OF THE GREAT CHRISTMAS MOVIES OF OUR TIME!
I read your comments that said English subtitles before I bought this dvd.  But there is no English subtitles for deaf people.  I know this movie is good but I have a hard time to understand what people said.
This movie was for my daughter.  She watches this movie every year.  The movie arrived in great condition and we had no complaints.
Was not the movie I wanted my misstake  but it came on time and was packaged as it should be thoe I have not watched it so I have no opinion on this movie. silly me.<br /><br />  Barb
Wow, first viewed the movie on TV and waited for the DVD to come out.<br />Now it's a Christmas tradition to watch along with our Charlie Brown Christmas Special.
It was proof that kindness and loyalty can still be expressed during a difficult time and a good ending can result.  The  actors were excellent as well as the setting. It was inspiring to see that goodness does prevail during a most difficult time. It also contained just the right amount of humor.
I happened on this movie on TV quite by accident, and was very surprised to find it very enjoyable and very heart warming. And the fact that is based on a true story makes it all the better. A little suspense, but it doesn't take away from the message of good will. Had to add it to my holiday DVD collection.
A month before Christmas, we get out all our movies with Christmas in them and begin watching them on weekends.  This one has earned a place in our Christmas classics to watch every year.  The twists and turns in the story make this great literature.
It is a good movie, plus a music CD. At times you have to listen closely because of the accent.
This is a wonderfully heartwarming story that will restore faith in humankind.  One of those "feel good" movies that everyone should see!
Watch it at christmas time. A very good movie. I didn't listen to the cd yet.
Not the feel good type that I was looking for.  Some may like it, but not me.
