High Life is just good enough to be better than a straight-to-video film, but is far from a hit movie.  It definitely reminds me the Coen Brothers, with it's fusion of comedy and thriller.<br /><br />I've been a fan of Timothy Olyphant since 1999, when he was cast as drug dealer Todd Gaines in Go, so I was drawn to this film where he plays the lead.  He does a convincing job as Dick, a morphine addict that can't seem to catch a break.  I was also impressed with Stephen McIntyre's performance as Bug, a high-strung addict with all of the restraint of a rattlesnake.  One of the more enjoyable aspects of the film is watching junkie logic in action, as his fellow addicts and heist conspirators view everything from a warped perspective.<br /><br />Canadian director Gary Yates, whose career had mostly involved shooting for television, does a surprisingly good job.  A perfect example is the self-help group for addicts, where the lighting and camera work makes for a great monologue by suave junkie Billy.  The film has a great score which also sets the mood of the movie, with tracks by Creedence Clearwater Revival, Three Dog Night and April Wine.<br /><br />It's not a straight comedy, so the laughs are infrequent, but the use of humor is always on the money.  The buildup to the heist is definitely more interesting than what occurs in the latter half of the film, and the conclusion is a little unsatisfying.  It's not a terrific movie as far as crime or drug flicks go, but it's definitely off of the beaten path, and worth a watch.
It's 1983, and Bug has just been released from prison. Bug meets up with his friend and former cellmate Dick, who is working as part of the cleaning crew at a hospital and it's Dick's first on-the-books job, and it provides him with a steady paycheck as well as an opportunity to steal drugs to feed his appetite for opiates. Thanks to Bug, Dick is quickly fired, but Bug soon gets an idea for a quick and lucrative score. Timothy Olyphant has the part of "Dick," reluctant leader of a hapless group of junkie bank robbers, down to perfection and Rossif Sutherland plays the likable Billy with goofy enthusiasm and a wide smile that refuses to go away no matter how much things go wrong. Even the soundtrack in this movie adds to the story without dominating it, and Gary Yates ends up with a black comedic heist caper movie that is very good.  It's a fun and often unpredictable ride that provided plenty of chuckles right until the end.
I completely agree with the review given by Compay (most helpful review on the movie) which almost mirrored the review I was going to give except that I give this film one more extra star because I found the film more than just average or decent.  I found it highly entertaining and the characters extremely likeable and interesting, especially Bug the stone faced psychopath with the dead lifeless eyes.  As an Amazon Prime movie (free to Prime members) this is one of the better ones... and we Prime members know there is a LOT of bad to mediocre movies available on Amazon Prime so I'm quite happy when I find one that I enjoy. Only going to be doing movie reviews for Prime videos that don't have that many reviews to either reinforce how much I liked a film or how much I hated it.  There are alot of other Prime movies that I've never heard of that have only 1 or 2 reviews and it's nice to see a wider sample in terms of opinion.
I'm very upset, Due to negative 'word of mouth', I did not purchase this movie until 2012. It came out in 2008! This movie is one of the very best bank robbery movies I've seen in a very long time. This is not a comedy, but there is humor. It started off as a non-violent caper, but it got violent. Imagine if Tarantino and the Coen brothers teamed up to do a movie! Well, This movie could have been the end result. You never know what is going to happen next, until it happens. You are never going to predict the ending to this flick, unless you already know it. From the beginning, I was sucked into this movie. There are only one or two slow spots, and they are not long. ( do not attempt to get beer or popcorn from the kitchen during these slow spots), you will end up reversing to see what you missed. I did! This movie tends to reflect real life alot more than movies like: The Heist, The Bank Job, or even The Italion Job! This movie will rivet you to the screen, and tear your heart out at the same time. If you have not yet watched it, order it now, it is very inexpensive compared to the entertainment value. As far as I'm concerned, this is a keeper, as I will want to watch it again!
I watched this movie twice in the same day. I found it to be very funny, sad and disturbing. The cast is great. The soundtrack is fantastic. I found myself really liking this group of hapless, dirty, warped, lowlife criminal drug addicts as they dreamed and plotted. I found myself laughing, smiling, on the verge of tears, upset, confused and disappointed along with these guys. I WANTED them to succeed at being criminals. It's certainly worth a look. If you don't buy it, do yourself a favor and rent it for the acting and soundtrack alone.
Timothy Olyphant at his best! This movie is hilarious and very sweet at its center! A good guy, with good intentions, who just can't seem to pull it off! Think pink! Audio is a bit annoying, though. Speech scenes are very quiet and everything else is really loud! Think a lighter, funnier Requiem For A Dream!
Tim Olphant is one of my all time favorite actors. He has been pigeonholed into playing maniacal villains or strangely unapproachable anti-heroes. In this he is at his best and believe it or not, is Very Funny. The whole cast does a fabulous job of entertaining. I fell in love with Rossif Sutherland, he steals your heart. Having known junkies in my previous life I can say these guys nailed it! A tragic comic treat!
This movie was so funny, well acted and written. Every movie Timothy Olyphant is in you can expect great acting, he is a natural for comedy, this film shows it. Movie was based on a play of four guys sitting in a car talking about robbing a bank. Adaptation is spot on. I bought 4 copies to give out to friends.
There are bank heist movies in which everything is meticulously planned. They have a detailed blueprint of the bank which they pore over. There's a steely-eyed safe cracker with a satchel full of sophisticated equipment. They rehearse the heist using a carefully constructed scale model. They synchronize their watches when the caper begins.<br /><br />Well, that's not "High Life." This film has a lame-brained scheme involving ATM's. Hasty planning done in a morphine-induced haze. Three members of the four-man crew desperately need a shave, shower, and fumigation. The other guy is clean, too clean. (You'll have to suffer through it if you want to find out what that means.)<br /><br />The film spends a lot of time pointlessly recreating 1983. There's a sickening mixture of slapstick humor and heartless violence. I wasted my time watching this. I'll give it two stars out of respect for the cast, which I feel did its best with what was some very poor material.
Total waste of time.  Waited for the ending to somehow validate this moronic movie and only got further into that place where you say to yourself "How did I sit through that whole piece of junk?"  I'd give it about a -3 if they had minus stars.
