I have Five children from 3 to 14 years old and they all love the Power Rangers series.  Each of them have their favorites from all the different series over the last 11 years, but I happen to like this newest DVD the best.  They have gone back to the lighter storylines that made the show a hit with the younger kids years ago, but at the same time have much wittier dialogue, good plotlines, and extremely better special effects than ever before, making it a show my teenagers appreciate.  I know I do, especially since I have to watch these with my kids.  I find this new show very funny and innovative, making it very enjoyable to watch.  If your family likes neat action, good comedy, and fun characters, I would highly recommend this DVD.
First off, let me say that this is definitely not one of the best Power Ranger series to date. Next, I have to say that this is admittedly a lot of fun. "Ninja Storm" is a lot more light-hearted and funnier than the previous darker, more mature shows such as "Space" or "Time Force," for that matter.<p>Three misfit students from a ninja academy - Shane, the skateboarder guy (Pua Magasiva); Dustin the motocross guy (Glenn MacMillan) and Tori, the surfer loving gal (Sally Martin) are picked to be Power Rangers when the academy is destroyed by Lothor (Grant MacFarland) and his minions, who want to take over the Earth. They then use their powers to combat them, and are later joined by two new Rangers, the Crimson and Navy Thunder Rangers.<p>Once you realize that this is mostly silly fun, "Ninja Storm" is quite likeable. The script is bouncy, well-written, and quite funny (much like seasons one and two of "Mighty Morphin"), and the actors seem to have a lot of fun while doing this, and their enthusiam is quite infectious.<p>The first "Ninja Storm" DVD includes the first three episodes; "Prelude to a Storm," "There's No 'I' in Team," and "Beauty and the Beach." It's in it's original television format, has a cool interactive menu - unlike "Ultimate Rangers" - and the picture and audio quality on the DVD outsurpasses those on the "Ultimate Rangers" DVD. Sadly, there is no extras on the first PRNS DVD (unless you count an ABC Family ad for "Ninja Storm"), but overall the DVD is a better one than "Ultimate Rangers". <p>Highly recommended.
I like this season. Its certainly better than the last few seasons, which were overly childish and hokey. This season is using more realistic ponits of view, with characters that aren't "model citizens" (ex: them getting caught breaking cerfew, consistent tardyness, etc.) Also, this season is great, not only for the beautiful Blue Ranger, & the possible net porn reference (eps after tsunami cycles are introduced), but also for the parallels it draws to the first 3 seasons. For instance, its using ninja powers like season 3, and thunder powers like season 2, as well as many other similar lines. However, the show is still close to its younger fan-base, and makes sure to keep the young and young at heart entertained. Ninja Storm has also maintained a level of graphics that previous seasons has failed. Since this season is produced by Village Roadshow (same as the Matrix), and is in New Zealand, it has used great cgi and graphics to entertain.
