Do not listen to the bad review because they are wrong. This is just like the cover ad says "It's Se7en meets Silence of the Lambs." I think the graphic violence in this films reaches the level of seven so if you did not like seven because of its graphic nature then skip this film. But if you have the stomach to see it then this is the thriller of the year and you should see it.
H is one of the strongest thrillers to come out of Korea since Park Chan Wook's VENGEANCE trilogy. While it has taken obvious ques from key American influences such as THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, it is not just another cheap imitation. The film follows detectives Kang and Kim as they track down a copycat killer that has been murdering women using the same patterns as a man that they have already imprisoned. With the next murder only days away, they must confide in the sadistic Shin Hyun in order to find out the identity of the new killer before it is too late. Director Jong-hyuk Lee combines a smart script with a clean shooting style to produce a fast-paced and suspenseful crime drama that is built on a pair of excellent performances by Jin-hee Ji and Jung-ah Yum as the two cunning detectives. Their performances are equaled by the calm and calculating Shin Hyun, played by a convincing Seung-woo Cho. Lee takes extra care in establishing his characters and constructing the mystery behind the murders, but none of the clues that are dropped throughout the film give any indication of the killer's true identity. This makes the reveal in the end feel both convenient and contrived. Outside of this unfortunate misstep, H is a top-rate psychological thriller with a winning cast and many bloody murders.<br /><br />-Carl Manes<br />I Like Horror Movies
Two young women are found brutally murdered, one in a landfill, the other on a bus.  Both were pregnant, with one infant still wriggling inside his dead mother's stomach.<br /><br />The homicide department's cops are called in, led by Detective Kim Mi Yun, who has a new partner, Kang Tae Hyun.  Kang's a bit of a hothead, he's always late to the scene of the crime, and he seems a bit cocky at times.  So he's a bit difficult to like.  And he's especially impatient, wanting action now as opposed to waiting.<br /><br />In contrast, Kim is an icy, unsmiling person, but at the same time, more logical.  When Kang is frustrated that they are getting nowhere, she merely tells them she is going around, looking at the case from a different angle. When he tells her she is mean, she retorts that yes, she is mean, but at least not as emotional as he is.<br /><br />There is a reason for Kim's harshness.  The killings fit the same pattern as that of Shin Hyun, a psychopath who murdered six women in ten months before turning himself in.  Shin Hyun's crimes was so traumatic to Kim's partner Han Jung-woo, he ended up killing himself.  The agony was double due to the fact that Han and Kim were engaged.<br /><br />So the question is, is this a copycat killing, or has Shin Hyun hired someone to duplicate his crimes?  A meeting with Shin Hyun's psychologist, Dr. Chu Kyung-Sook is a dead end.  She's more level-headed but aloof, refusing to cooperate due to patient confidentiality.  It's a matter of professional conduct, but she flatly tells Kim and Kang, "My patient is more important to me than a victim I don't know."  And when the pair later tail her, she merely gives them a superior smile, definitely not one to let them get her goat.<br /><br />The cover's description of "Se7en meets Silence of the Lambs" holds true up to a point.  Shin Hyun's quite anti-social, his quiet words laced with a kind of weird babble about the echoing abyss, dirty blood, and the restless sound of spirits, so thus a far cry from the terrifying but intelligent words of Hannibal Lecter.  But the methodology involving his killings is very thematic to what made him the way he is.  A woman who had an abortion was not only killed, she had her left ring finger cut off because according to him, she was unworthy of marriage.  And an abortion doctor was killed in a very horrible way.  "Cruelly killing for the sake of life's nobility," remarks the chief of police.<br /><br />H is a pretty bloody serial killer drama, with throats slit, people butchered in horrible ways--with one particular scene of a corpse suddenly crashing on top of a police car with a thud.  And there are a few red herrings thrown in for good measure.  But what's thematic is the abortion issue as a whole, the choice of having the baby or not.  As Detective Park says, "Use a condom or have the &lt;expletive> baby!"<br /><br />If Yeom Jeong-a (Kim) is familiar, it's because she appeared in A Tale of Two Sisters as the stepmother, Eun-joo.  She's a far cry from that manic character, as Kim barely cracks a smile in this film.  And the actor playing the police chief, Park Young-Su, also came out in the horror film Whispering Corridors as the teacher, "Mad Dog" Oh, as well as another police higher-up in Another Public Enemy.  Not bad as police/serial killer dramas go.
I have never been one of those viewers who are into serial killer films. I find most of them sickening and quite a few have a bit more gore than I like in my films--and not enough suspense. There are the few exceptions: And one of these is the South Korean thriller "H". However, this film does have a high level of gruesome scenes depicted. Therefore, as a word of caution, be warned that this is an extremely violent film. Moreover, the plot is not what you would find in your usual American style of thriller. But it does have an interesting and suspenseful twist that I happened to think worked extremely well in this film. Having written this; I would recommend that viewers rent the film first, as it may not appeal to the majority of viewers out there.<br /><br />The films narrative begins with a recently discovered body of a murder victim in a landfill, while another body has been found on a bus. Moreover, these murders resemble the killings of a sociopath who is awaiting the death penalty for similar killings. Is he the killer? Is the true killer still out there? Or is it a copycat killer? Shin Hyun (Seung-woo Cho) gives a great performance [as usual] as the killer awaiting his death sentence. Shin turned himself into the police ten months ago after murdering six women, and was sentenced to death after being found guilty. However, with these latest killings resembling Shin Hyun's, two detectives are called in to investigate if Shin Hyun is the real killer. He confessed to the killings, and everyone believes he is guilty. Is he? Or is there more to the killings than we are led to believe? These latest detectives brought in are to get to the bottom of things. Kim Mi Yun (Jung-ah Yum) is somewhat aloof and disconnected with those around her. Her latest partner Kang Tae Hyun (Jin-hee Ji) is more hot headed and is ALWAYS late to the crime scenes.<br /><br />With the cool detachment of Detective Kim, and the brash and impatient attitude of Detective Kang, they both set out to find clues and answers to the latest killings: And where it leads them is strange indeed. Since both of the killings are identical to the imprisoned Shin, the detectives try and figure out if Shin has a hand in these latest killings. Maybe he knows who the killer is? The detectives reinterview Shin Hyun to find these answers. In trying to retrace the latest killers motives, which are too much of a coincidence due to the identical nature of the murders, they both believe Shin knows who is responsible for the latest killings. Yet, something in the nature of Shin is not right. Yes, he knows something. But what is it? Not all is what it seems in this Korean thriller. Enter a psychologist by the name of Dr. Chu Kyung-sook (Sun-kyung Kim) who has a major connection to the case. She treated Shin Hyun, yet refuses to allow the police access to the taped interviews with the now condemned Shin Hyun. Why?<br /><br />Eventually, the case becomes even more frustrating as the detectives try to find the killer or killers who are still out on the streets of Seoul killing. Moreover, they believe there is a connection between this latest string of killings and Shin Hyun. But is there? And what is Dr. Chun Kyung-sook's connection to all of this? While "H" does have some intriguing and suspenseful twists in the film that I thought were very good, it also boasts some very bloody and extremely violent scenes. If you do not like gore in your films, then stay away from this film. As I wrote in the beginning, I am not into gory films, or excessively violent films. However, it is necessary in this particular film in order to advance the plot. I thought the film was a very good suspense thriller, with plenty of plot twists, and a most unusual killer. The film also boasts outstanding cinematography that one is now becoming accustomed to with many South Korean films. But once again, this is not a film that will resonate with many viewers, therefore, rent it first. [Stars: 4.5]
I can see how someone could argue that this is a knock off of movies like silence of the lambs and se7en. but I thought it was still a pretty cool cop movie. The acting is very solid, most of the writing was good too, I geuss I didn't quite buy the ending but still if you like movies like this, you should give it a try. I also enjoyed the little salute to pulp fiction before the end credits and how you didnt know why the movies called "H" until then. essentially this is a cool flick that i really enjoyed, but i can understand the other viewers arguement as well, I geuss I tend to like slow paced movies more than other people.
This is a Korean thriller that some have said has a passing resemblance to `The Silence of the Lambs'. It starts with the bodies of a pregnant woman and her, now removed baby being found in landfill. At the same time another pregnant woman is found garrotted on a public bus. The crimes bear all the hallmarks of a convicted serial killer - Shin Hyun (played by the baby faced and entirely innocent looking Seung woo-Cho). The problem is he is on death row and hasn't been allowed out, probably health and safety got involved! Anyhow the newly appointed Detective Kang (Ji Jun-Hee) is despatched by the thoroughly over serious Detective Mi Yun (the quite beautiful  Yum Jung Ah)to the prison to interview Shin Hyun. He is rather sinister and not falling over himself to help and actually comes across as more scary by being so innocent looking.<br /><br />They then visit his psychiatrist and she uses patient confidentiality to not help. It soon becomes clear that some of her other patients have a few hidden agendas too. There is also the fact that the cop who investigated the original crimes was emotionally entwined with Detective Mi Yun and he committed suicide as a direct result of the case. The only real advice or help that our Korean Mr Lecter can offer is `be careful not to turn into the monster that I am'.<br /><br />This is a slick stylish and well made film that has more twists than a sack full of eels and more physiological goings on then is normally healthy. The plot is also well paced in that you don't really get it until it is being revealed to you and that is how it should be or it wouldn't be much of a thriller really would it? It is also fairly action packed the sort where if you look away you will miss something.<br /><br />This is the only film I have found accredited to writer and director Jong Hyuk-Lee and I think it is superb, I actually wanted to give it five stars but there are a couple of tiny plot holes and some of the acting is a bit overly petulant. If cops behaved like that they would lose their badge, but hey this is a film made for entertainment and a very good one at that. At 101 minutes long it just flew by and I was kept guessing right up to the end. It is a bit gory in places so not one to watch with a TV dinner. But for fans of thrillers and moreover world cinema, this offering from Korea is a little cracker (not unlike the prawn variety - my puns are definitely getting worse).
H is not your typical serial-killer movie. While it does have loads of police procedural / cat-and mouse fun, it also has a nice X-FILES sort of vibe going on. There's a semi-paranormal aspect that adds quite a bit to the film's overall atmosphere. I never figured out what was going on until the finale! Excellent twists and bizarre situations help to keep H interesting all the way through. Highly recommended...
To describe a perfect review would give away far too much about the movie itself. I will leave it simply at this: the movie plays on gender-roles, the impact of suggestion... Truly, absolutely worth the watch.
'H', a 2002 Korean police thriller finally making its US DVD debut, tells the story of a pair of police detectives tracking a serial killer.  Only, this isn't your usual run-of-the-mill killer.  This killer is reenacting the crimes of a man who confessed to killing six pregnant women ten years earlier.  The new crimes are exact in their replication of the originals.  The police deduce that the original killer has some sort of connection to the present crimes, so they go to the prison to interrogate him.  Thus the film's comparison to 'The Silence Of The Lambs'.<br /><br />The cinematography of the film is beautiful, done much like David Fincher's 'Se7en'.  There are some very disturbing visuals(i.e. the horribly bloody crime scenes)and some amazing prop dead bodies(especially the dead woman on the bus with her fetus' leg sticking out of her torn open stomach).<br /><br />The acting, from what I gather because I don't speak Korean, doesn't seem top notch, which is surprising because one of the film's stars is Jung-Ah Yum who was awesome as a possibly evil stepmother in 'The Tale Of Two Sisters'.  But I think the major problem with this version is the subtitling.  I just don't think whoever did them did the greatest job.  Its not that the lines are nonsensical like in old Kung Fu flicks.  It just doesn't seem that the correct words were used to convey what was actually being said.  I don't know though...maybe its just me.<br /><br />Overall, 'H' is a decent enough film.  There's no real scares or shocks to speak of being that you've seen most of this stuff before.  The film is well put together with the cinematography giving it tons of atmosphere.  The bloody set dressings and prop corpses are fabulous.  But the movie does tend to drag and the ending is a bit of a reach.  'H' is worth seeing but if you want to see a much better film dealing with the same subject matter, check out another Korean production called 'Tell Me Something' or the Japanese film 'Cure'.
This is a tough movie to rate. On the one hand you have its overtly derivative nature. Other reviewers have noted the obvious references to 'Se7ven' and 'Silence of the Lambs' and that's all true enough. But on the other you hand you have the deft touch in direction. This is, generally, a well directed film. It's as smooth as silk. The pacing, the camera work, editing, music, costuming are all top shelf.<br /><br />Here's the scoop. A serial killer is on death row after having turned himself in. The police question him in the hopes of getting clues to whomever is killing women using the same m.o. The story gets a bit more complicated but that's pretty much it in a nutshell.<br /><br />As I mentioned this is a well made flick and it held my attention the entire time. But it DOES have it's problems. First is detective Kang. He doesn't slowly build to a breaking point throughout the movie. He tips after the first 15 or 20 minutes. It just didn't feel right. Then there is the jailed serial killer. He is, I believe, 22 years old and he waxes philosophic way too much for me. And his philosophizing is a bit too vague for my taste as well. And the ending is rather sucky. I found it too over the top and unnecessary.<br /><br />This adds up to a bit of a shame. It's sad to see this much talent squandered on such unoriginal material. Serial killers fascinate many of us. And I don't see an end to movies about them being made. But there are some great ones out there and it will take some real imagination to keep the genre going. I'd hate to see it lapse into the murky depths as have some other genres.<br /><br />That being said, this is still a good watch. If you're into this sort of thing you could do a lot worse.
This movie certainly had me wondering all of the way.<br /><br />It starts off with some gruesome murders and we are talking some truly sickening stuff here.  We find out the murders look to be done by a copycat.  The murderer who is being copied is in jail so the cops go and speak with him.  These were by far my favorite parts of the movie.  This kid who plays the serial killer is very good.<br /><br />I have to say that the movie was very well acted and they did a good job telling the story, it was just a little boring.
Anybody who falls for the cover blurb "SEVEN meets SILENCE OF THE LAMBS" is gonna be disappointed...kinda like me.<br /><br />Nicely filmed and that's about it H is the clunky, unexciting tale of a copycat serial killer who's reenacting the grisly murders of another killer who was arrested 10 months earlier.  Very interesting idea.<br /><br />Now enter the world's most inept cops.  First you got Kang who in every single scene freaks out in some way and either kicks something, breathes heavy, screams, wrecks his car or all of the above.  His partner, Kim, has a haircut like Mia Farrow in ROSEMARY'S BABY and the personality of the wooden Indian in CREEPSHOW 2.  She also likes to disrupt crime scenes, stare blankly and punch or shoot Kang.<br /><br />I wanted to like the film.  I was all excited and happy for about the first minute and forty seconds then Kang showed up and it all went downhill from there.  On the bright side I did learn that if I ever want to head up a surprise raid on a serial killer's house to NOT land a helicopter in his front yard first.
A pair of emotionally damaged police detectives (Jung-ah Yum and Jin-hee Ji) investigate a series of gruesome killings that emulate the murders of a serial killer (Seung-woo Cho) who was imprisoned ten months earlier.  They suspect that he has an accomplice on the outside.  In a sense, they are correct.  The truth provides a nice twist that would have had more impact if it had not been imbedded in a plot that has so many lapses in logic.  Unprofessional behavior makes it difficult to take these cops seriously.  They seem to make some pretty big intuitive leaps and there are plot elements that don't connect very well to the main story, although both of these could be the fault of poor subtitling.  The final moments of the film are intended to shock, but they require one character to behave in a way that contradicts what we have seen of her before, so it comes off as cheap exploitation.
