Be careful ordering this it is from the UK and is in a different format than US. I cant watch it on my player.  Be careful!
Okay. My Father was told that it was a good movie. He didn't enjoy it.
I am still waitning for the jproducts for this order<br /><br />Please call me at 907-440-6910 and let me know when I will recieve them.<br /><br />Stevie Marie Russell<br />2537 East 70th Avenue<br />Anchorage, AK 99507-2489
This was a movie we rented through Amazon/Roku because Netflix didn't have it.  Interesting to have movie Felix Unger (Jack Lemmon) in scenes with TV Oscar Madison (Jack Klugman) where Felix is the drunk and Oscar is the voice of sobriety.  Not great (a little Alcoholics Anonymous preachy and the characters aren't terribly likable), but a nice cheap evening.
My wife bought it.  She says it's "the bees knees" whatever that means.  It must have come in a timely manner, and in new condition, or esle I would have heard some grumbling.  I think "the bees knees" is like saying the dog's wag or the cats swish, or the frog's pond or some such.
What I like about this movie is the honesty about addiction. It is very much like portrayed in this movie. And yes, woman do go down quicker. And AA doesn't work as well for woman. Bill W. didn't want woman in the fellowship and the bias is evident in the Big Book (the nickname for their manifesto).<br /><br />It's heartbreaking to see Lee Remick walking the street alone in the dark leaving her husband and child. AA needs to treat woman better than they do instead of the "tough love" that is given.
yeah, yeah, yeah we know this is the big Hollywood version..but you have to see the original Playhouse 90 version, with Cliff Robertson and Piper Laurie!! its available on VHS (I have it) and 10 times better than this retread....Piper Laurie was incredible...CLiff Robertson says that when he lost the film version to Lemmon, Lemmon said "I didn't think you'd be able to play comedy"...to which Robertson replied; "I didn't think 'Days of Wine & Roses' was a comedy"..it's all there in the supplemental material on the VHS....see it instead of this version!!
I was unaware that there were "Zone" issues and I couldn't play a UK DVD in Texas. Should've been a clear warning on the selection and not on the package after I bought it.<br />  And I didn't need suggestions to purchase a universal code player!
I have not seen the original television film from which this was based, but I hear that it was not a comedy in the least.  Now, just because you cast Jack Lemmon doesn't mean you're automatically going to get a comedy, for he'd proven that he could at least attempt to tackle drama, but at this stage in his career he was much more suited for the comedic side of life.  That's why it is so surprising that a film this unsure of whom it really is falls on Lemmon to bring a sense of stability.  He actually manages, above anyone else in the cast, to deliver all that is required of him.  He's witty and funny when needed, charming when needed and dramatically sound when needed.<br /><br />He's the films shining moment.<br /><br />Sadly, in my personal opinion (which I see is very uncommon here), the rest of the film is a mess.  The rest of the performances are either awkward or just incomplete (or seemingly insincere) and the script is so `all over the place' that it's hard to decide just what kind of movie this really wants to be.  I had these same sentiments after watching Scorsese's `Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore', another film that couldn't decide if it wanted to be a comedy or a drama.  It's not that they can't be both, for there are many dramedies that work; black comedies that understand the balance needed between funny and serious.  The issue I have with this film is that it doesn't know how to mesh the two together properly.  It winds up feeling rather awkward, not knowing if we're supposed to laugh or cry and so we just become frustrated.<br /><br />The film tells the story of Joe Clay, a public relations man who enjoys a good stiff drink.  He falls in love and marries Kirsten Arnesen, a spunky young secretary who is not a fan of the drink.  She has an addictive personality though, and so once Clay introduces her to alcohol she is instantly hooked.  They soon realize that, while they can't seem to enjoy themselves sober, their lives are being wrecked by their addiction.  After loosing job after job Joe finds the courage to at least attempt sobering up, but Kirsten finds it increasingly difficult to even contemplate a sober lifestyle.<br /><br />I have a hard time thinking of the subject of addiction as anything less than horrifying, and so the films comedic undertones feel out of place to me.  I also felt that the film's script is rather manipulative in many areas, forcing us to take one viewpoint as apposed to presenting us with an honest portrait.<br /><br />Look at `Trainspotting', a film that centers on the grotesque side of addiction with the element of humor and yet it remains startling and brutally truthful; something I did not find in this film.<br /><br />If not for Lemmon I'd have to say that this was a waste of my time.  Lemmon is so good here.  He gets that balance I was talking about and he sells it rather well.  There is a scene where he is in a drunken rage trying to find a bottle of booze amidst a greenhouse full of potted plants and the scene is almost played out in a comical fashion, which appears almost campy at first, but he makes this switch towards the end of the scene that ties it all together and makes the humor work in an almost horrifying way.  Sadly, the rest of the cast couldn't pull that off.  I found Lee Remick very awkward throughout the entire film.  She couldn't get the comedy down and she fell flat and unrealistic in her dramatic scenes.  It's a shame, because I adored her in `Anatomy of a Murder' and was expecting her to just completely wow me here.  Charles Bickford was almost too serious for the film, so serious that he seemed out of place.  If the film had taken the tone it should have then his performance would have worked, but it just seemed a misfit for what Blake Edwards had going here.<br /><br />It is probably one of Lemmon's finest performances, which is sad because it may be one of his weaker films.<br /><br />The sad thing about the script is that it never really gets to the heart of the issue at hand.  It's a mere surface, no real depth to it.  Maybe it was the times, but it never really got down to the grit of addiction.  Everything seemed very textbook (the loud obnoxious drunk, the noticeable hangover, the negligence, the AA meeting), thus taking away from a feeling of realism.<br /><br />I know that this will meet with criticism, for this seems to be a very well loved film.  What can I say, it just didn't work for me, and I really wanted it to.  Lemmon was one of the greatest actors to ever grace the big screen, and here he turns in a very smart and effective performance; I just wish that the rest of the film kept up with him.
Everybody keeps saying how realistic this movie is but its not. The scene in the nursery is very overblown and melodramatic. I've never seen anyone act like that. And you dont wind up in a mental ward in a straight jacket just from drinking. This movie is really just an AA commercial presenting a stereotypical view of the progression of an alcoholics life. However the acting is great and its very well done as a movie. Its very dramatic and interesting although it can be a little depressing as one reviewer observed. By the way "Leaving Las Vegas" is not really about alcoholism its more of a love story. And I think "The Lost Weekend" is much more realistic than "Days of Wine and Roses" even though its much older. The brutality of this movie does not make it more realistic it makes it less realistic. Scenes are exaggerated for dramatic purpose. Since a movie should not be judged by its realism as most unrealistic movies are the best Im giving it 5 stars.
The DVD was riddled with pithy comments by the director who is himself a recovering alcoholic. I found these interuptions most annoying since they<br />drowned out the dialogue of the movie.
The problem with melodramas about alcoholics is that they have a clarity their subject lack.  In 'The Days Of Wine And Roses', a film that repeats all the errors of its famous predecessor, Wilder's 'The Lost Weekend', the various factors that lead Jack Lemmon, and then his wife Lee Remick, to become alcoholics, are clearly illustrated.  He hates the humiliation and pressure of a job where 'public relations officer' is a synonym for 'pimp', and where he has to hustle and lie to market his boss.  He hates himself, and can't face his wife.  He has a social inferiority complex too - his parents were vaudeville performers, not the ideal background for an ambitious executive.  So he drinks.  Because he can't drink alone, he gets his abstemious wife to join him.  He is demoted, and moves to Texas - due to loneliness and the fear of her husband's violent moods, as well as a terror of disappointing a strict father, and possibly because she was a bright career woman reduced to motherhood, she too souses herself.  Director Blake Edwards' camera is often to be found in a god's eye position looking down on his characters, like a judge, or scientist.  By isolating the causes and effects of alcoholism so clearly, the problem can be located, maybe even treated.  Preachy lectures (about not being preachy) and the obligatory Alcoholics Anonymous scene (whose brief is explained at length, as in a public information film) are prominent.  Because Edwards keeps his distance from the characters, we can only look on at them, removed - any joy they personally get from alcohol is made to seem desperate, grotesque and dangerous to us.  Despite the moody photography, the young(ish) stars and the lounge-jazz soundtrack (drowning in moonriverisms), this is the Issue Picture about Alcoholism Stanley Kramer never made.<p>Normally, accuracy in a film never bothers me - the fewer facts clogging up the narrative the better.  But the filmmakers' decision to elucidate or preach has a direct bearing on the movie.  Genuine alcoholism has no clear, direct cause - people usually drift into it imperceptibly for a variety of insignificant,  but accumulative reasons.  There are rarely easily sign-posted, dramatic, 'Meaningful' moments when all is either lost or salvaged.  We never sense with this film the messiness of alcoholism, the smells, the fluids, the desperation, the bleariness, the staleness, the impotence, the shift in outlook or sensibility.  I'm sure the characters feel all these things, but we're not shown them.  Instead, they get to speak Wilder-like epigrams full of irony, word-play, poetic quotations and cogent self-pity.  Remick's decline is signalled by exchanging poetry for cartoons - chucking Ernest Dowson for Tex Avery displays excellent judgement, and the filmmakers' elitist inability to see this suggests what's wrong with 'Roses'.  <p>At the time, Lemmon was applauded for his unexpected dramatic prowess, but his character here is an extension of the neurotic, white-collar executives worn down by the rat-race he always played.  Both he and Remick, despite their best and sincere efforts, are phony approximations or genteel impersonations of drunkenness.  Charles Bickford as Remick's stern father, with his narrow code of decency and integrity, and complete inability to comprehend such crises of modern life that might lead a younger generation to intoxicate themselves for escape, shames them both.
I can't review an item you haven't sent me yet.
Joe Clay (Jack Lemmon) is an up-and-coming Public Relations agent in the era of the three-martini lunch and "drinks with the boys" following the workday.  While providing a client with, literally, a boatload of girls, Joe meets receptionist Kirsten Arnesen (Lee Remick), a good girl from a stable country upbringing.<br /><br />Joe introduces Kirsten to alcohol in the form of a Brandy Alexander, and before long the two fall in love and marry.  Joe provides a good living for his wife and new baby daughter, but becomes depressed from the quiet family life and a baby that takes up all of his wife's attention.  In a truly gut-wrenching scene, Joe berates and completely degrades Kirsten for not being any fun anymore, throwing a temper tantrum while drunk and demanding that she stop nursing her own baby (mammary envy) because its going to ruin her shape.  A very poignant and heart braking scene.<br /><br />Kirsten is deeply in love with Joe, and concedes to his demands to "loosen up a little and be fun again", which means having a couple of drinks with him.  It isn't long before Kirsten is drinking all the time, and very common of women in the early sixties, Kirsten starts smoking (probably to help lose weight, though this isn't mentioned beyond Joe's comment about her shape).<br /><br />Joe's career slides as his drinking increases, causing him to be late for work and upsetting his clients.  His company assigns him to a lower-level client in far away Houston.  While Joe tries to do his job there, Kirsten sets their apartment on fire from drinking and smoking.  Joe is fired, and not long afterward Joe has an epiphany.  He is a bum, and his wife is a bum, and they need to stop drinking.<br /><br />Kirsten's father takes the struggling couple into his home where he runs a nursery.  After a couple of months sober, Joe and Kirsten fall off the wagon together in a riotous binge in their room.  A second very poignant incident follows where Joe trashes his father-in-law's nursery looking for the bottle he hid.  This scene may seem overdone at first, but just tune into one episode of 'Cops' and you will see how well Jack Lemmon played this scene.<br /><br />This time, Joe winds out in the hospital going through some overblown withdrawal symptoms, and it is here he meets Jim Hungerford (Jack Klugman) from Alcoholics Anonymous.  Once in AA, Joe tries to fight his disease, while Kirsten remains in absolute denial of being an alcoholic.  You must remember that this movie was made in 1962, and there was quite a stigma attached to being an alcoholic, the 60's version of a scarlet letter.<br /><br />There is no happily-ever-after in this movie.  Though made in 1962, it is still the best of the 'alcoholic' movies ever made.  'Leaving Las Vegas' certainly portrayed a down-and-out alcoholic, but the character Ben from that modern portrayal wanted to die.  'Days Of Wine And Roses' is the story of two people's struggle against alcoholism, not their submission to it.<br /><br />There is nothing outdated about this movie except the fashion; times change, behaviors don't.  Kirsten's confession that she "just wants things to look prettier than they are" rings so true to addiction in any form or from any era.  This movie is about people and the disease, not the time-period, so it stands up to any of the modern day addiction stories.<br /><br />'Days Of Wine And Roses' is a true classic, a timeless piece that is both sad and entertaining.  Take a quick note of the fact that in Joe and Kirsten's first apartment, the bar was right outside the baby's room.  I thought that was a bit ironic.<br /><br />If you love addiction movies, modern pieces like 'Leaving Las Vegas', 'Requiem For A Dream', 'Spun', or 'Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas', you will love 'Days Of Wine And Roses'.  Enjoy!
I was never really interested in drinking alcohol and after catching &quot;Days of Wine and Roses&quot; on late night television I knew I was never going to drink, never get drunk, and never end up like the character of Joe Clay, played by the late Jack Lemmon.  Joe is in public relations and cannot have a good time unless he is drinking.  He meets up with Kirsten Arnesen (Lee Remick), and informed she does not drink but loves chocolate, he orders her a Brandy Alexander.  Joe and Kirsten marry, although her father Ellis Arnesen (Charles Bickford), is not sure he approves.  Joe's alcoholism finally costs him his job and by then Kirsten is boozing just as much.  In one of the most ghastly scenes in movie history, Joe destroys the Arnesen greenhouse, looking for the bottles of booze he has buried with one of the plants.  With the help of A.A. Counselor Jim Hungerford (Jack Klugman), Joe finally starts to get his life together.  But Kirsten cannot do the same, even for the sake of their daughter Debbie.<p>With Lemmon's death a lot of his old movies are suddenly popping up on cable television.  I watched &quot;Days of Wine and Roses&quot; again last night and it is every bit as powerful and as horrific as I remember.  No other film has made the life of an alcoholic look so hopeless, not &quot;Leaving Last Vegas&quot; and certainly not &quot;Lost Weekend.&quot;  Lemmon and Remick were both nominated for Oscars for their performances, while Henry Mancini's title song won the Academy Award.  Charles Bickford repeated the role he originated in the &quot;Playhouse 90&quot; version aired in 1958, which was directed by James Frankenheimer.  Blake Edwards directed this 1962 movie because the studio told Frankenheimer he could not direct a comedy like this film.  Both scripts were written by J. P. Miller.  Bottom line: Nobody who ever watches this movie will ever forget it.
The late Jack Lemmon is likely to be remembered by most moviegoers for his memorable comic presence in classics like &quot;Some Like It Hot&quot; and the &quot;Odd Couple&quot;, but anyone who ever doubted his capacity for dramatic acting should screen &quot;Days Of Wine And Roses&quot;. This shattering 1962 Blake Edwards drama was shockingly realistic for its time (apparently prompting opening-week &quot;walkouts&quot; by many Lemmon fans expecting another &quot;funny&quot; role). The film still packs quite a wallop in its depiction of an alcoholic couple and thier hellish descent. Lee Remick, forever underrated, (undoubtedly due to her luminous beauty) delivers another of her brainy, mature performances. Everyone mentions the &quot;greenhouse scene&quot;, but I feel the most intense moment comes in the &quot;padded room&quot; scene, with a sweating, screaming, strait-jacketed Lemmon writhing in &quot;withdrawal&quot;. Call it &quot;sense memory&quot;, &quot;method&quot; or whatever, but to this day it remains one of the the most &quot;naked&quot; scenes of an actor totally &quot;in the moment&quot; ever captured on film. A great American film, and a classic Henry Mancini score to boot.
&quot;Days of Wine and Roses&quot; might be one of the least pleasant movies you will ever watch. But one of the main reasons to watch this wonderful film is the great interaction between Boston natives Jack Lemmon and the late Lee Remick. Lemmon plays busy-body Joe Clay, a very agreeable man who ends acquiring a decidedly UNagreeable habit while pressing flesh with business peers--alcoholism. Joe finds time to court pretty Kirsten (Remick), and she finds herself trying to keep up with Joe and his crazy nightlife. In the span of a couple of months, Kirsten is herself caught in a maze of booze and sleepless nights.<p>Soon, the happy couple are both victimized by their addiction to drink, but are slow to realize it. Slowly, painfully, each scene of their lives is shown to revolve around the bottle; even their time alone is marred by a bottle of champagne. <p>Joe is the first to hit rock bottom. He finds assistance and solace by a member of Alcoholics Anonymous (Jack Klugman). Joe sets his sites on getting his wife free of the disease, but finds it will not be easy. <p>The scenes of Joe going through his final binge are scary indeed. The second half of the film is quite different from the first in mood. It is not pretty to watch such self-destruction, and director Blake Edwards (known for producing much lighter, screwier fare in the late 70's and early 80's) makes his audience feel the pain deeply; he succeeds to the point that we, the audience, can sense some urgency in Edwards' emphasis.<p>There is a tendency for too much preachiness in a story of this magnitude. However, Edwards does a good job in maintaining the plot line, letting IT tell the story. Klugman is a great supporting actor in this film. It's his performance in the second half that gives this film a better than average rating, as the voice of conscience to Joe Clay, setting the stage for the final, inevitable reality.
This early depiction of alcoholism was also among the first to present its sufferers as real people with souls and some dignity, and it remains a timeless and relevant film. Ingeniously, this film not only is about alcoholism, it is also about recovery, and that both are told earns the film classic status. The film's leads, Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick (sadly, neither of whom is with us anymore), got Best Acting Oscar nominations, Lemmon for his frightening depiction of one man's descent to hell but who, leaning heavily on AA philosophy, earns his recovery. As Lemmon's screen wife, Remick is her husband's antithesis, and her final scene leaves us with no hope for her character. Though firmly on the path toward sobriety, Lemmon's character nonetheless injects the warning that even the rosebed of recovery has its thorns. Just as the film's subject remains pertinent, so does Henry Mancini's haunting musicial score. A spate of drug and recovery films have come out through the years since "Days of Wine and Roses," but none have equalled the film's painful honesty and realistic depiction of addiction and recovery.
The Hollywood depiction of the corrosive effects of alcoholism has rarely been so stark as that in DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES.  More recent efforts like LEAVING LAS VEGAS suggest that alcoholism is but one offramp on the highway of self-destruction.  Director Blake Edwards presents a tale that begins in middle-class happiness, then winds down to the sodden depths of the perversion of Corporate Suburban America, before finishing with the brutal truth that the ability of an alcoholic to free himself from this disease is a function of his inner strength that can only be nurtured, not forced, by Alcoholics Anonymous.<p>Jack Lemmon is Joe Clay, a man on the rise in his corporate culture.  He is a public relations executive, a job that today we would call a spin control mechanic.  He makes the good image of a company better while trying to downplay the downside. This image of altered reality forms a subtext which becomes evident when Joe and his fiancee (Lee Remeck) are having dinner with her father (Charles Bickford), who is trying to understand exactly what his daughter's boyfriend does for a living.  Joe hems and haws but admits to enhancing the positive aspects of his corporate clients. But the father persists and asks what about any harmful sides to that image. Joe weakly adds that he would then gloss over the downside while always bringing the positive to bear.  It is this altering of reality that allows Joe, then later his wife, to get caught up in the freewheeling culture of a drug abuse that has now morphed in one of cocaine.  The lure of Wine and Roses is neither absolute nor irresistable.  The film makes it clear early on that much time and dissolution is needed to become entangled.  One does not take a sip one day to become ensnared the next.  Joe Clay makes the crossover from social drinker to hard drinker so gradually that neither he nor his wife are aware until the evidence is so blatant that both recognize the dangers, but still feel the need to explain away these dangers as inconsequential.  First Joe falls in, then soon enough his wife.  The scenes of Joe's going hysterically mad in his father-in-law's greenhouse and in the county asylum are harrowing in their intensity.  Joe has cracked, and it takes the arrival of an AA counselor (Jack Klugman) to place Joe on the right path.  But the path to sobriety has many false turns, and Joe has yet to hit rock bottom.  The contrapuntal scenes of Lee Remick's own descent in the corked maelstrom are more subdued but not the less miserable.  Joe has hit rock bottom and the harsh truth is that he cannot help his wife until he first learns to help himself.  By the closing credits, she has yet to learn this most bitter of lessons. <p>DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is one of the landmarks of Hollywood in that it takes a no punches withheld look at a subject that many Americans have heard about but perhaps have not seen the consequences that result when the social drinker uncorks that bottle even when alone.  Lemmon and Remick are simply outstanding as a couple in which one of them learns this lesson even if the other does not.
DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is basically a story of two genuinely good people who fall in love and into the abyss of alcoholism. One escapes and the other can not. This film is a sad but realistically true statement on the pitfalls of alcoholism and addiction in general. Parents and children of those addicted are the victims as well. Jack Lemmon, Lee Remick and Jack Klugman all give excellent performances. However, Charles Bickford gives the most vivid performance as Remick's father. He remains cold and detached to her addiction until he breaks down and the audience breaks down with him. The film's ending of Jack Lemmon peering through the window is a devastating statement on the effects and the reality that once you enter the world of alcohol you may never return.  This is an unusually sensitive treatment than we are used to from Director Blake Edwards.  Thanks to J.P. Miller's script, an exceptional cast, Philip H. Lathrop's cinematography and Henry Mancini's score Edward's constructed a very important film yet one hard to watch.
"Days of Wines and Roses" is head and shoulders above any other movies about alcoholism for many reasons, most of which can be summed up in the word "multidimensional". Instead of showing a snapshot in the life of an alcoholic, like "Lost Weekend", for example, "Days of Wines and Roses" follows the entire descent of not one, but two characters, into the depths of addiction. The interplay between man and woman and the progress of their relationship allows for the depiction of many aspects of alcoholism: the casual start; the discovery of a new pleasure; how one person can unwillingly lead another to become an alcoholic; the recovery; the belief that it is possible to have an occasional drink after recovery; the relapse; the different ways two people who love each other can deal with the problem and how they can influence one another for good or for bad. Everything is here. And the ending is astonishingly realistic. Instead of the usual message that everything will turn out fine in the end, the movie makes it clear that, once you become an alcoholic, the outcome is uncertain. You may or you may not recover. This is a powerful and poignant movie that has never been equaled. Recommended.
Hollywood has flubbed it over the years, but this movie hits this topic square on the head.  Featuring Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick in one of their earlier roles, this a powerfully told tale of the rise and sure fall of a couple who fall in love with one another and then make another marriage with alcohol.  The symptoms are all there, as are all the excuses.  Jack Klugman has a minor role as the friend who wants to get Lemmon into an AA meeting (back when this was just starting to become accepted.)  There are the typical signs of trying to stop drinking, and then the baby arrives, and then the sneaking of the drinks, and everything that goes into the rapid fall into oblivious and depression.  <p>Yes, this is a relatively depressing movie, but its ending only offers a mere hope that Lemmon, who has finally rejected his wife for his own sobriety,...he might make it if he continues to discipline his mind and continue with his program.  <p>It is a sad film but one which is incredibly relevant.  I would've liked it if Remick had stuck it out and made a go of the marriage, but she wanted the threesome - herself, her husband and the bottle.  Maybe the baby, but her baby was the bottle.  Highly recommended, and again a film which could be considered family fare, as there was no profanity, sex, or violence, but an incredibly powerful message.  A message in a bottle, as they say, but still as provocative as it was when it was first made.  A Great Film!!!
I was drawn to watch this film because the theme, written by Henry Mancini has since become a Jazz standard.  I first heard it performed by the organist Mel Rhyne at a Jazz club in NYC, took to it right away, then went out and learned how to play it, and it has been a regular number in my book with my organ trio.  - - When I found out that it actually came from a movie, it drew my curiosity, but when I found out the theme of the movie, I held off a bit.<p>There is no doubt this is a terribly depressing film with a sense of emotional/interpersonal realism that you almost wouldn't expect in a Hollywood film of this era - - The only film that comes close to it perhaps is &quot;Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf&quot;.  The golden rule of Hollywood films afterall is, &quot;And they all lived happily ever after,&quot; however, the film cuts no corners in portraying not only the disease of alcoholism, but its complex dynamics within human relationships as the characters in this film eventually transform from lovers to drinking partners who's relationship is the bottle itself.  As the film progresses (without giving too much away) they will have to choose between becoming sober yet losing one another or staying drunk and in love - - both believing that perhaps they can go back to the days of wine and roses... when they were drunk... yet happy, but of course, this is a mere fantasy that the characters are forced to reckon with. <p>Jack Klugman plays a brilliant AA sponsor - - Lemmon's acting is powerful, convicing - - at times comedic, and at other times deeply disturbing.  - - If you get it, be sure to have something funny and bright to put in the VCR afterwords... the biting realism of the film does not redeem the viewer with any cinematic devices to ensure that &quot;good feeling&quot; most movies try to leave us with...  in the end you'll pretty much feel as sick, hung over and tormented as the characters... however, you will realize that you have just experienced one of the greatest films of its its era and genre !
The 1962 film DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES, developed from a television play of the same name, is one of the great examples of black-and-white realism in the American cinema.  It examines the life of a couple, Joe and Kiersten Clay, who gradually become alcoholics.  DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES also seems modern.  Surely this was one of the first films to call alcoholism an illness, or to show an AA (Alcoholics Anonymous) meeting.  As Joe, Jack Lemmon plays his usual character-type of the basically decent man overwhelmed by the world.  Here, though, his situation takes a tragic, not a comic, turn as he drinks chronically to cope and as a result becomes violent in his behavior.  As Kiersten, Lee Remick's acting is every bit as brilliant as Lemmon's, particularly in the drunk scenes.  Jack Klugman stands out in the supporting part of Jim Hungerford, a tough-looking yet gentle AA representative who refuses to give up on Joe.  The movie presents several unforgettable images:  Joe and Kiersten gazing out at the river on their first date; Joe becoming hysterical over one misplaced bottle of liquor; Jim wiping Joe's perspired face in the hospital; Joe gazing out his window after a departing Kiersten as a neon bar sign flashes.  DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is a movie which once seen is never forgotten.  It is also movie to make the non-drinker (like me) want to never drink.
When this movie first came out, I was much too young to appreciate the veracity and power.  Blake Edwards helms an extremely powerful, if tragic, tale of alcoholism and how it affects the marriage of two middle class individuals.<br />Jack Lemmon proves what a tremendously versatile actor he was, and he gives a performance that is honest, brutal and unbelievably brilliant.  His scenes in the greenhouse and in the drying out unit are some of the best acting caught on celluloid.  Lee Remick, the late and underrated beauty, matches Lemmon's performance which is even more devastating as her plunge into alcohol is at Lemmon's urging, and she's the one who can't go without a drink.  Remick is mesmerizing in the motel scene where she forces Lemmon to drink with her again.<br />Wonderful support comes from Charles Bickford as Remick's father and Jack Klugman as Lemmon's AA friend.  Of course, the score by Henry Mancini is one of the best.<br />This is a must see for anyone who wants to see powerful acting and an unforgettable movie.
Alcoholism is a disease. Fine. And yet wrong. The disease is obsessivity, the fact that some people cannot live within satisfying an obsession of some kind. And I am afraid everyone has a degree of obsessivity that could lead to a catastrophe in many situations. The problem is the object of this obsessivity. It is dangerous if it is excessive and aiming at an object that destroys your willpower, your selfcontrol, your selfesteem. It can be alcohol. It can be tobacco. It can be eating. It can be coffee or tea or any spft drink. It can be any illicit drug. It can be any medical and legal drug. It can be work. It can be absolutely anything. Many of those things are not dangerous but some can be deadly both for the person concerned by the obsession and for the people around the person. Fast driving is just the same. And this obessivity becomes dangerous when one is addicted to the object of the obsession. Addiction is the worst thing that may happen to a sane person. But don't forget that addiction, any addiction is rooted in the deepest layers of one's personality, in his or her deepest past, in her or his most intimate experiences. There are only two ways to deal with such a problem. Either to look for the real deeper cause and solve the problem there, if it is solvable, or to keep away from the object of the obsession, in this case alcohol, and that cannot be achieved without the help of people around you. Alcoholism is the derangement of a personality in a social environment and it can only be solved with the willpower of the person supported by the society around him or her. But we must always remember that one is no longer an alcoholic when he does not feel any desire to drink when confronted to the very object of this potential desire, i.e. alcohol. If he lives in a totally alcohol-free environment he may only be a sober alcoholic, and if he comes across alcohol again and accepts to be tempted the relapse is a hundred times worse than the first binge. One is healed when one can keep alcohol away even when alcohol is there is front of one's eyes. There is no merit not to fall to temptation if there is no temptation. At least that is what Milton used to think and I believe he was deeply right on this question.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
Blake Edwards Days of Wine and Roses is a sobering and gritty representation of the desperate and often unforgiving world of alcoholism.  Edwards does not restrain himself in showing the utter destruction of life wrought by the bottle.<br /><br />Public relations agent Joe Clay played by Jack Lemmon is an alcoholic, spawned by the rigors of entertaining his clients.  He becomes enamored with the lovely Lee Remick playing secretary of one of his clients, Kirsten Arnesen.  Remick, a wholesome girl and teetotaler is wooed by Lemmon and they eventually marry.  As part of the arrangement Lemmon seduces her to alcohol and they both are now addicted.<br /><br />The resposibility of parenthood does not curb their ugly habit and their lives quickly spiral out of control.  Lemmon proceeds to lose job after job and they deteriorate into a sordid existence.  They make several aborted attempts for sobriety aided by Remicks nurturing father, landscaper Ellis Arnesen played passionately by craggy veteran actor Charles Bickford.<br /><br />Both Remick and Lemmon revert back to drinking with Lemmon winding up straight jacketed in a padded cell in a detox ward.<br /><br />Lemmon aided by Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor Jim Hungerford played by Jack Klugman finally is able to conquer his demons and remain sober.  Remick however at movies end is regretably not ready to follow the same path, foresaking both her marriage and child for the comfort of the bottle.<br /><br />Both Remick and Lemmon give stark and frighteningly realistic acting performances as the unfortunate Mr. & Mrs. Clay.  The scene where Lemmon tears apart his father in laws greenhouse searching for a hidden bottle of booze is particularly effective.  Under Edwards steady hand, Days of Wine and Roses is the most powerful revelation of alcoholism since the gripping The Lost Weekend.
To witness the power of great acting, to understand the craft and the depth of the form, I suggest watching Days of Wine and Roses. Elevated to classic status as a tale of alcohol's maddening grip on a marriage, it's two leads-Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick-deliver gut-wrenching, soul-crushing performances, the film is potent for it's exposure of addiction and it's harrowing imagery of the physical and emotional torment it renders.<br />Immediate associations with The Lost Weekend and Leaving Las Vegas are legitimate. Though those two revolve around an individuals alcoholism as opposed to a couples, they do provide a gage of the evolving cinematic vision of addiction, and for their respective times were bold films. Both leads (Milland & Cage) also won Oscars. Lemmon and Remick were both nominated-he lost to Gregory Peck's Atticus Finch (To Kill a Mockingbird), she to Anne Bancroft's Annie Sullivan (The Miracle Worker).<br />I would say too that Days of Wine and Roses succeeds as a tale of the everyman within the social structure, willing and able to climb the ladder, whose alcoholism may have preceeded his occupational necessity to drink, or may not have. Lost amidst the corporation he works for as a p.r. man his lack of definition and satisfaction, clarified by his having to procure (ala The Apartment) young women for his boss' parties, drives him as much into marriage as into alcoholism.<br />Considering this came out in 1962, it must be regarded that a young woman, wholesome and kind, working as a secretary who transforms into a housewife who's parenting suffers for her rapt addiction to booze, who abandons and betrays those closest to her, was a striking and devastating vision.<br />The ending to Days of Wine and Roses is not only bleak, haunting and quiet, it's poetic.
Jack Lemon gives a memorable, great performance. This movie also shows how the disease of alcoholism takes over and affects not only the drinker but his family and friends. It also shows how AA can help. Running the movie with Blake Edwards commentary is interesting as well. Blake and Jack talked about their own issues with drinking and how thought provoking the movie was for them. If you love Jack Lemon or want to know more about alcoholism this is probably one of the best movies to watch.
Days of Wine and Roses is a film that AA actually consulted on.  The film shows a couple who meet, fall in love, marry and have a little girl.  The disease of alcoholism smacks into them like a freight train.  The husband finds AA, the wife does not.  The struggles of finding a basis for a relationship without alcohol are very difficult and sometimes impossible.  This movie shows very clearly how alcohol is so very patient, cunning and powerful.  It is an excellent movie.
From the performances to the black and white film to the music, this film is a harrowing and realistic look at the ravages of alcoholism and what it can take to get sober.
1962 was the most difficult year for awarding the Best Actor in all the Academy story . Consider Gregory Peck for To kill a mockingbird (who won with this role) , Peter O'Toole for Lawrence and Jack Lemmon for Days of wine and roses .<br /><br />To me Peter O'Toole deserved this prize by far but Lemmon even his role was more introspective, tragic and harsh , made the best role of his career playing an alcoholic husband role . Lee Remick was fantastic too , but the sinister moments you watch to Lemmon for instance in the sequence of the garden in the middle of the rain night is simply outstanding .<br /><br />The script is a perfect circle without any hole . A merciless story which typified many couples in the world .<br /><br />A classic and bitter film!
What more can you say, other than truly Classic?  If you love anything with Jack Lemmon in it, this one certainly won't be a disappointment.  A must have for a Jack Lemmon memorabilia collector.
This is a classic film in b&w with superb acting.  It is the only film that I am aware of that accurately depicts the life of an alcoholic and should be a must see for anyone who drinks.  When I first saw it as a teenager, it was just another movie but as I got older, I never forgot it.  It is so realistic.
A downbeat love story pickled in bile and booze, this melodrama of addiction by the great Blake Edwards skirts the same terrain as "Lost Weekend" without ever getting preachy. Instead, Edwards examines the sullied yet undying connection between his two self-destructive protagonists, played by Lemmon and Remick with unblinking honesty. (Two specific scenes--his in a madhouse and hers in a motel--are wrenching.) Charles Bickford lends terrific support as Kirsten's widower father, as does Jack Klugman in a small role as Joe's AA sponsor. "Days" is a hard-hitting drama about love in the ruins, buoyed by Henry Mancini's melancholic jazz score.
It's an excellent film, though I did find it a bit too self-consciously preachy at times, which I found took me out of the dramatic moment from time to time.  This preachiness is somewhat amplified by being presented in the person of Jack Klugman, playing a recovering alcoholic.  I have a great deal of respect for Klugman as an actor, but to me, his line deliveries do have a tendency to sound a bit strident and overly-intense to begin with -- even as Oscar Madison in Neil Simon's 'The Odd Couple'! -- so the already-preachy tone of some of the dialogue, placed into his mouth make the film almost seem to stop at points while a public service announcement is played out.  This nitpick however, cannot diminish the overall dramatic power of the film, or its value in helping people to understand something of the tragedy of alcoholism.<br /><br />The Director's Commentary track by Blake Edwards was really quite disappointing.  Edwards freely admits to not having even watched the film since it was first made, so instead of being able to provide insightful commentary as the film proceeds, he frequently admits to (and apologizes for), long stretches of his own silence as he's swept up in the drama as an audience member.  There is, however, about 8 minutes in, an interesting anecdote about a conversation he had with Jack Lemmon during shooting about their own drinking habits.
My father was a WWII Vet who suffered from PTSD, but never received help for it. He wasn't the Alcoholic, but he could, for no apparent reason become Violent. My mother was the Alcoholic, and she eventually died from the effects. My mom's father/my grandfather was my early in life salvation. He died when I was 17. My mom and dad divorced very shortly afterwards. Due to my mom's drinking he left his share of the home in my name which in turn made me the Head-of-the-Household and thus forced me to assume responsibilities that went along with that heading rather than exploring my own goals and desires. This feeling was imposed on me by my mom's mom, who was a controlling and enabling person. Over the years she sent my mom off to various treatment centers that would work for awhile. However the two of them had a love/hate relationship that always ended up with my mom's drinking again. I saw "Days of Wine and Roses" when it was first released and it still to this day lives within me. I felt hopeless to be able to do anything to get my mom to stop drinking and asked her to go see the movie. She did, and she was drunk before she got home from her viewing of it. After I had two failed marriages a woman friend of mine who worked in Family Services strongly suggested I consider joining ACOA, or Adult Children of Alcoholics. Very soon it will be 24 years since I've done so, and while I've done lots of work (it's like peeling through the layers of an Onion) I still discover some issues from time to time. Just like other 12 Step Programs were focus on the 12 Steps, Serenity Prayer, and Promises. I'd like to encourage one and all of you to strongly consider this program if you feel that my comments Mirror your life.
I am an alcoholic and watch this movie once a year. It has such a huge impact on me that I bought this copy for a friend of mine (young friend) and hope that it will help her through her tough times as well. Such strong and dynamic acting. This is a movie that can stand alone among many.
If this movie doesn't rip your heart out you're probably made of stone. Lemmon and Remick are great as lovers in the tragic grip of alcoholism. As great to watch the twelvth time as the first.
Shortly aftert I saw this movie in 1973 I understood what was really wrong with me.  My life made a significant turn in early 1974 and I have not looked back.  This could change your life as well and if not it is still a very good movie.
Yeah-I know he didn't win. Yet after seeing the movie when I was only 12 and then several times more as I grew up, it still remains a mystery why he did not win the Oscar. All the reviews I have read are great, however everyone seems to forget the truly best scene. Jack breaks into a liquor store and gets caught by the owner. As he lies on the floor the owner says,"I didn't know you needed a drink that bad Pal!" and starts to pour booze from a bottle held suspended over Jack's prostate form. Jack tries to suck it down as the booze flows all over his face. I had seen that same look on my Dad's face, so I guess that's why it sticks. After seeing the movie the first time I got "scared straight". I never even started drinking. The last scene has Jack's wife visiting him in his small apartment. He had been booze free for a while and starting to put his single "Dad" life back together. His wife had forced herself to be sober just so she could talk to him. You can feel how deeply this man loves her. She leaves after admitting she has to drink because the World seems so dirty when she is sober and Jack is at the door staring after her and you see the reflection of a blinking BAR light flashing in the glass door. Scary stuff for 1962. It leaves you with the feeling of "will he or won't he".<br /><br />When I was a Psych Nurse I would sometimes sneak this movie on to the unit. I would show it during group sessions. I was shocked by how many younger people claimed to think Jack Lemmon was only a comedian. Most of them (suffering from addictions) were very moved by the film.
I watched this movie because I love Jack Lemmon.  Mostly I like his comedies, like The Odd Couple and Some Like it Hot.  Although this wasn't a comedy, I still enjoyed every bit of it for its brilliant acting and powerful message to alcoholics everywhere.<br /><br />Joe Clay can not stop drinking, and meets a girl who becomes an alcoholic too.  Joe finally destroys his father-in-law's flower garden just trying to find his hidden booze, and ends up in AA, the leader of which is played by Jack Klugman (another of my favorite actors).  His wife is unwilling to attend the meetings, and thus, never recovers.<br /><br />This is a wonderful movie that should inspire any alcoholics out there to never take another drink.  It is also really well acted.
An excellent movie depiction of what a believed good life style and good time, riding high on booze, can bring to everyone involved, not just the couple.
First of all, let me say that this is a great movie. If you're one of the millions who sometimes feel that you are teetering on the edge of alcohol addiction, give this film a watch. Albeit there are many unspoken parts of the movie such as how the couple seems to go quickly from bad to worse without a lot of back story, the tale it tells is one that I felt was genuine and heartfelt. It doesn't even breach with the fact that many alcohol abusers don't get "happy" when their drunk; but, instead, become downright belligerent. The couple in Days of Wine and Roses truly loved and cared about each other deeply and it was heart wrenching that alcohol had come between them. Of course, the music is beautiful ... I am a musician and I will never play The Days of Wine and Roses, a beautiful melody by Henri Mancini, quite the same after seeing this movie.
This is a film about alcoholism. It is not a lecture with graphs and mug shots, it is a love story - about alcoholism. I'm not being clever: although, yes, the man and woman are infatuated with the bottle, they are a truly loving couple. That's what makes this film so powerful. It does not romanticise alcoholism, it inebriates romance, if you get my drift.<br /><br />I think of this film as a kind of sequel to the 'The Apartment' (made about the same time). Imagine Mr Baxter has left New York and moved to San Francisco with his bride, the former Miss Kubelik. What kind of job might he have taken up: public relations? How might he have reacted to the phoney world of his job, and how might she have tried to support and comfort him, if he had a taste for drink? Jack Lemmon gives a performance here which is at least on a par with his starring role in 'The Apartment'. Playing his wife is the superb Lee Remick, an actress probably underrated because of her beauty, who gives a performance of extraordinary power and sensitivity here.<br /><br />Blake Edwards directs (not Billy Wilder) and, I think, never did better work. Perhaps the fact that he himself was a reformed alcoholic kept him so relentlessly engaged with the material. The script he is working with is something special too.<br /><br />There are important films and films that engage us. Sometimes they are one or the other. This one is both. It is among the best things American cinema produced in the 1960s.<br /><br />The special features include a commentary by Blake Edwards, which is genuinely interesting.
I saw this movie years ago;  I remembered it was very sad but also very true especially these days when so many people suffer from addiction of some sort; although it was sad it had such fun scenes; Lee Remick died so very young and was one of my very favorite actresses; Jack Lemmon as we all know was a "legend" and few actors can play some of the roles in his pictures; Charles Bickford is a fantastic actor and did such a great job playing "the Dad"!  It is a keeper and we will watch it again.<br /><br />Also, the music is fabulous; Naturally with Henry Mancini on board; just another example of how great the 50s and 60s movies were; just can't compare them to the junk (forgive me!) that is out there for people to watch.  This is a very touching movie and I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys an excellent drama.
Days of Wine and Roses is a moving story of two people who descend into the hell of alcoholism. This theme has been told before in many movies, but Jack Lemon and Lee Remick are a great acting duo; and, they pull off many engrossing scenes.<br /><br />The ending is not your happy Hollywood ending, which makes this movie even more realistic. It may be difficult to watch some scenes, but you will watch the movie to the end.
This is a fantastic movie.  Am very happy with the quality of the film and higly recommend this product.  Have not been disappointed with anything I have bought from Amazon.
Great movie and very daring for the day.  Still holds true, once an alcoholic always an alcoholic.  Not everyone gets well.  You have to want it and do it one day at a time.
This is one of the best films to discuss and age old disease. Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick are superb! Well worth the time!
I was deeply touched by this movie. As a recovering alcoholic, I could identify with everthing this couple went through. Jack Lemon and Leigh Remick gave stellar performances and I feel that Lemon should have won the academy award for his performance.
Until The Days of Wine and Roses, Jack Lemmon was known by moviegoers as one of the great comic actors creating three of the greatest movie comedies of the late 50's and early 60's - Mister Roberts, Some Like it Hot and The Apartment.  Director Blake Edwards was known for his brilliant comedies including Operation Petticoat and Breakfast at Tiffany's.<br /><br />But when the two got together it was pure drama.  Add to this, Lee Remick in her first mainstream starring role.<br /><br />The Days of Wine and Roses was one of the first films to take on social alcoholism.  Joe Clay is an up and coming public relations man in the early 60's when public relations meant getting party girls and drinking the client under the table.  At one of these events he meets the straight laced Kirsten.  He offends her by assuming she was one of the party girls.  But there is something about him that she finds disarming.<br /><br />Soon they are married and she is pulled into his world of social drinking.  But it is worse for her because this was the era of stay at home mother.  So she has no outlet and becomes dependant on alcohol to fill her drab day.<br /><br />They both hit rock bottom.  This scene is very scary.  But it shows that not only do you have to hit rock bottom but also be ready to start climbing back up.  (By the way, when you think they hit rock bottom is not rock bottom!  They still have far to go!)<br /><br />Until this film, most films on alcoholism are about one alcoholic and the girlfriend or spouse that try to save them.  This film is more realistic than any before as both main characters slide into the abyss and only have themselves to get out.<br /><br />Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick are both stunning and deserved their Oscar nominations.  This was a turning point in both careers.  Lemmon would easily slip from comedy to drama the rest of his career.  While Remick would scorch both the big and little screen until her untimely death.<br /><br />Also, this would be Edward's crowning achievement. He would create great comedies in the future but would never find another drama to surpass this.<br /><br />And let's not forget Henry Mancini and Johnny Mercer's Oscar winning song.
Cousin Larry and I saw this blueprint of how not to live. Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick become alcoholics and separate after having a child. Lemmon sobers up. Remick does not. I had a drinking problem in my 20s. I should have given this film more thought. Lemmon was a great actor, the average businessman struggling to make it in the city, funny and tragic at the same time. The title was taken from a poem by Ernest Dowson. "Vitae Summa Brevis" laments the brevity of life: "They are not long, the days of wine and roses. Out of a misty dream our path emerges for awhile, then closes within a dream."
Forget the fact that it's in B&W this film is one of the best ever made.<br />It's portrayal of the gradual slip into alcoholism of the main characters is brilliantly delt with. The slip is sensitively portrayed and a lesson to all. Forget the melodrama of the greenhouse search - shown in the film - a similar crisis awaits all heavy drinkers.<br /><br />I have Jack's film "The Apartment" as my No1 film ever, this is No2.
jack lemmon stars as 'public relations' executive,joe clay, who has a problem with the sauce due to part of his job being to 'entertain' the executives of the companies that his company handles.he meets kirsten,played by lee remick who is a goody goody,total opposite to joe.somehow they end up clicking,marry and have a child.eventually joe turns kirsten onto the drink and soon they both become slaves to the bottle.lemmon and remmick are great in their roles and deserved the recognition they got as they are both extremely believable.i would definitely recommend this to people in recovery as well as those who don't think that they have a problem as this movie shows what can happen if you take drinking to the limit.i wouldn't recommend seeing this for the first time if you are depressed as this film is quite depressing and emotionally draining.i don't mean to take anything away from this film because it is really good and probably the best about alcoholism,just be in the mood for a drama.
"Days of Wine and Roses" is a powerful film about alcoholism. I believe that Jack Lemmon was very convincing in the lead part. Lee Remick  gives a scary, believable performance of Lemmon's wife.  A good supporting performance is turned in by the veteran actor, Charles Bickford, as Remick's father.<br />Although the film is a serious drama about alcoholism, there are several funny scenes in the film. The director was Blake  Edwards who knew how to deftly balance drama and comedy.<br />The music is provided by Henry Mancini . Who can forget the haunting theme song ?<br />I highly recommend this movie !!
I just watched the DVD...I had remembered how great the movie was, and it was nice to see it with commentary from the director! Thank you so much!!!
Had not seen this film in probably 40 years. Jack Lemon and Lee Remick give sterling performances. It is perfectly cast and Mancini's music score is beautiful. The film does a wonderful job of presenting the "drinking/cocktail culture" of the early post WWII era and how many people "at risk" for alcoholism became drunks and how their lives deteroiated and how, in some instances, with only AA as the chief means of assistance for sobriety, found their way out to effectively deal with their alcoholism. I don't want to say more for it will spoil the plot for those who have never see the film It's excellent! The product was delivered promptly in factory condition.
A film worth watching, but one you'll probably only want to watch once because it can be so painful. For us younger types you'll see this movie has had an influence on many films and cable programs of the past several years in many ways, but not in terms of its ultimate outcome.  This movie doesn't try to secretly seduce you off the path, there is no secret line you can walk to be sophisticatedly addicted. No wink wink nods of trying to glorify the same bad habits that some shows obstensibly are trying to portray in a negative light, no late night cigarette drag examining life through marketing spin and glossy self delusion. I don't know for example if the people behind AMC's Madmen really want to portray things as bleak as this movie ultimately does, but even if they did the studios would ultimately steer them in a different direction to make things more pallatable and to keep those boxed-sets moving off the store shelves.
Don't expect a happy ending, this is a story about alcoholics. Lee Remick was a beautiful woman, I would have liked to have seen more of her.
I'm in my 20s and I love classic movies, I love Jack Lemmon, and I'm increasingly becoming a Billy Wilder fan. I've seen this one, Breakfast at Tiffany's,Irma La Duce,The Apartment, The Pink Panther, Double Indemnity, Sunset Blvd, and a couple others. So for me, Days of Wine and Roses was a twofer. This was a well-told, well-directed, well-acted film. I watched it on TCM and got a bit of the background of the story from Robert O. I went in with expectations and I was not disappointed. Without going into the plot really, watching the transformations of Lemmon/Remick's characters into alcoholic 'bums' (as Lemmon called them), was quite powerful. By the end of the movie, I was happy for Lemmon's character (he goes to AA and has been sober for a year), but his wife, who he introduced to social drinking has not climbed out of the pit. Lee Remick was great at the end appearing to want to change, but not wanting to see how "dirty" the world really was. It was really pitiful. When she left at the end, I felt Lemmon's character's pain bc his eyes sort of had hope that she would get sober, but at the same time, felt just as strongly that she was lost forever. For a set of actors to be able to convey conflicting emotions w/such ease in one scene is quite rare these days, so while it was painful, as a movie viewer, it was a joy to watch.
This is a very realistic movie. I counsel those with substance abuse problems and it is apparent this movie was influenced by a person that is familiar with recovery from substance abuse problems.
Days of Wine and Roses,What can one say ? A superb Movie ,deserved of the 5 Academy Award Nominations it recieved.An Oscar for Best Actor (Jack Lemon)Best Actress(Lee Remick)And Best Screen Play would have been most appropriate for these Superb Artists in fhis theatrical Masterpiece.This Movie is a Prime example of how great Movies used to be.
Older movies like this one often reflect the culture of the time and place where they were filmed. Days of Wine and Roses is thus an interesting view of 1960s American culture as well as an honest look at alcoholism.
jack lemmon and lee remick play the parts of two alcoholics with everything to lose and thats just what happens as they spiral downward to self destruction and full blown alcoholism and when they finally do hit bottom one takes a chance at recovery and the other...<br />being a recovering alcoholic i found this movie a really down to the point and at times pretty ugly truth of what alcohol can do to a person.<br />i believe that everyone (alcoholic or not) would gain a whole new perspective of things after seeing this movie.<br />being an old movie just makes it even more powerful because one can see that almost 50 years later alcohol is just as destructive as it ever was and the problem of alcoholism is just as strong as ever.<br />highly recommended wonderful film and a great achievement in film making.
If you're looking for a pick-me-up movie--or even a film with a feel-good resolution--then by all means pass by DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES.  The timeless story about a couple floating in a sea of booze, as their lives subsequently unravel, is harsh and bitter; in a word, sobering.  Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick play Joe and Kirsten Clay, an up and coming couple about to pursue the American Dream.  Except Joe can't resist those company martini lunches and after-hours excursions; soon he's convinced Kirsten to join him, and before long the alcohol has taken center stage in their lives--with both in denial there's a problem.  As the couple becomes more dysfunctional, as their lives spin further out of control, Joe realizes they need help; he even climbs on the wagon a time or two, always to fall off at Kirsten's urging.  As the film concludes, Joe realizes he must make a choice--Kirsten, or sobriety.  His decision is, again, in a word, sobering.<br /><br />Lemmon and Remick give excellent performances as the besotted couple, yet had the gushy melodrama been dialed down a notch the story would have been so much more believable.  For example, Joe not only gets drunk--he gets maniacally out of control to the point of violent destruction.  I realize the film's premise is to establish the horrific byproducts of alcoholism, yet the over-the-top antics fall well short of believable (Which certainly doesn't make DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES unique; all films during this era were guilty of offering excessive doses of contrived melodrama.).  Despite such purple-ish production DAYS OF WINE AND ROSES is a powerful and riveting attention-getter.  For a more contemporary, albeit even more somber, portrayal of alcoholism, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0792838068">Leaving Las Vegas</a> is also recommended.<br />D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
I enjoyed the movie, it is a great tool to look at the progreession of alcoholism and how it impacts everyone
Jack Lemmon's character in this film used this phrase: Hit Me! for ordering another drink.<br />His performance in this film ranks among one of his best, going all out and in a most committed<br />manner.<br />His acting was strongly supported by the young Lee Ramick who gave a similar level of dedication<br />to her art.<br />Blake Edward,the director and the screen writer contributed strongly to the end result of this film.<br />A very well-made film on the subject of alcoholism par excellence.
An awesome movie for anybody to watch to see what alcohol can do.  Much worse than tobacco use. But makes lots of money for the system. I reccommend fully to watch.
I've already had this movie<br />iTunes version.<br />This item mentioned in this page...Color!!<br />So I choose this.<br />Great Movie. Great Jack Lemmon(I miss him so much!!)<br />but....not COLOR.
Awesome movie.  People need to see the old movies. Great acting and story.  Recommend to everyone over 13 years old
Great black and white movie.  How someone can get hooked on booze when started out as fun in a relationship but so hard to cure and get back on track. How the pressure of a job and trying to suceed in life can actually be a downfall, when you lose track of life and what is important.  Yes, someone who love chocolate can really love those drinks that are like milkshakes and go down so easy without the taste of whiskey, brandy and other hard liquirs.
To say that I wish there were movies like this today is almost trite. True drama-the kind that grabs you and makes you think and feel and empathize is gone. "Days of Wine and Roses" is just such a film that will capture a wide range of emotions in the viewer.<br /><br />The story seems simple enough. Man meets woman and booze and forms an unholy triangle of pain, despair, and desolation.  But the way it all plays out is brilliant. It is a case study not only in addiction, but in love, whimsy, confusion, cruelty, and ultimately tragedy.  Both Jack Lemmon and Lee Remick play their parts perfectly and are backed by a superb supporting cast.<br /><br />There is something strangely haunting about this film.  It stayed with me for a long while after I saw it.  For me, watching it again is like watching it for the first time. I can't say the film is entertaining because that would cheapen it. To say it is informative would be too bland.  It meets somewhere between those two points and weaves a poignant tapestry of a wide range of human emotions.<br /><br />The music is beautiful and the direction is superb.  This is a film that was made when drama meant something; When you felt the message and knew you had seen something extraordinary. Yes, it is that good.
This DVD is in great shape and I have enjoyed it.  Loved it years ago when it first came out and ordered it for my son who is a film major and thought he would enjoy seeing the "old" time movies.
This movie is one of my favorites with Jack Lemmon. Its a riveting drama, that you cant help become part of. You feel for the characters, you fall in love with Lee Remick. You see the love and loss in Jack Lemmon's face.<br /><br />Its a beautifully acted, true to life drama that everyone should watch!<br />I recommend this movie 110%, you will laugh & cry all the way through the movie.It does not disappoint!
I was amazed to see the usually comedic Jack Lemmon give such a powerful performance as an alcoholic who has to dry out the old-fashioned way, slip up again, dry out again, try to stay sober and raise his daughter on his own while trying at the same time to get the love of his life to become sober as well.  He surely feels guilty over pushing her to drink with him in the early days of their courtship, as it led to nothing but trouble for both of them.<br /><br />Lee Remick also does a fine job here as a woman who ends up unable to imagine life without alcohol, unable to face her young child, and unable to muster up the courage to gain sobriety along with her struggling husband.<br /><br />Shot in stark b/w, this is a portrait of the dangers and damages of alcoholism:  the shattered lives and relationships, job loss, having to go to AA meetings, and more.
This is a heart-rending story of alcoholism and how it affects a newly married couple. Jack Lemmon & Lee Remick are superb as the couple drowning deeper and deeper into their addictions. One of them is able to conquer the addiction, but as the movie ends, you see the other will probably be lost forever. It's a movie classic!
