I was pleasantly surprised at how well done and acted this movie turned out to be.  I'm a huge Zombie/apocalyptic movie buff and this has been one of the most realistic in regards to understanding how the dead can comeback and live.  It made me come away with actually believing that something like this could actually happen one day.  It took a while for the "good" stuff to happen, but it was interesting to watch how this bacteria began to mutate and turn it's victims into mad raging killers.  I seriously dug this enough to actually write this review.  My only complaint and why it only gets four stars and not five is that it ended too soon.
A smart thriller of a movie, this one traces the accidental creation of a mutating bacteria that turns people into blood-spewing (and spilling) killers.  While the general concept is not new, the strength of this movie lies in the smart storytelling, lingering over character development, giving us reason to care for the characters long before all hell breaks loose, and focusing on the story behind the breakout of the bacterial plague.  The characters feel like real people, with real lives, real problems.  Although there are plenty of other killer virus/plague/zombie movies out there, none are as believably told as this.  Definitely worth watching, and watching again.
It hasn't been that long since I rented this movie and I have already forgotten the thing. That might provide a clue as to how good a movie this is. I streamed it via Roku after paying Amazon for the privilege and though I think I paid less than $3.00 to rent it I still feel a bit ripped off.<br />I cannot recommend this movie in any way.
This movie was good.  It is basically how the virus originated and was pretty interesting and would recommend if you are into zombie flixs but keep in mind this movie is primarily dialogue with very minimal action sequences.
This could have been a really good sci-fi movie, but it attempts to be "Dawn of the Dead" at the end.  And fails miserably.  It's more watchable than the Sci-Fi network's wreck of the week, but not by much.  Good actors hamstrung by an awful script.  Actually, I may have to take that Sci-Fi statement back.  At least you know what's going on, (and probably know the whole movie), within the first few minutes.  This piece of dreck doesn't seem to know where it's going or what's it's all about until half way through this slog.  Confused about the first 2 minutes of the film?  Don't worry.  It ties back in somewhere toward the end.  Assuming you want to wait that long to find out.  Even if it was free, you're better off re-watching "Night of the Living Dead".  You'll feel dead after watching this crap.
If you are looking for a good movie to watch at bedtime about a bunch of doctors walking around a hospital, then this movie is for you. Thats basically all that happens in this movie; NOTHING.<br />If you watch this movie, here is what you will get - Sleepy
Let me start off by saying I love horror movies...especially zombie flix.  I have seen many good and even more bad horror movies, and often times I can appeiate the ones that are so great.  There is usually some entertainment value.  I have to say this is the worst zombie movie I have ever seen, and one of the worst movies.  It was so boring; the acting was aweful; they threw things in that made no sense {random girl/girl kiss for example). I kept hoping it would get better but it didn't. The only excitement was in the last few minuts, but it was so bad that you would just be excited it was almost over (that is if you made it this far). There was not even a minimal level of enjoyment...and I can usually find something to appreciate in most movies.
I have to believe the positive reviews on this are fake... poor acting - low budget (which can still work but, not in this case) no zombies till last 15 minutes... weak... and I love zombie flicks... but, certainly not this one...
Ok it was good, actually it was very good though its a slow subtle start and just when it picks up and gets heated with zombie mania the film ends; but that's a good thing since you can then go and watch "The Walking Dead', 'Dawn of the Dead', '28 Days Later' or any other zombie film and finally feel like you understand how all the madness came to pass.  Now its pretty realistic except for two pieces in the story line that just doesn't add up.  You have a doctor who has discovered a miracle drug for HIV/AIDS, its experimental but performing so well everyone is urging him to publish the findings and get it approved but he doesn't feel its ready yet, he needs more sample cases, this is how meticulous the man is as a scientist, researcher doctor.  Now keeping this in mind he gets an emergency patient who's condition is critical. So what does he do? He uses the experimental drug on this patient.<br /><br />Gross inconsistencies:<br /><br />1. A doctor can lose his license for using an experimental drug on a patient who hasn't given consent, and is basically underage, as the drug isn't FDA approved. So why would a doctor who's so meticulous about his research on this miracle drug up and do something as medically irresponsible as use it on a patient he hasn't treated before (knows no medical history) and where there's no formal diagnoses of what had gone wrong critical or not?  Well the answer is that a doctor who is really as good as this one is supposed to be wouldn't do that.  He's not portrayed as a mad scientist after all but as someone who adhere's to protocol.  So this part of the story doesn't make sense and it nags at one like one big loose end.<br /><br />2.  The disease is passed through blood or saliva.  The doctor is bitten by the emergency patient after he's injected with miracle drug that makes whatever he initially had mutate and become aggressive. Fine.  In the scene the doctor is wearing a lab coat when he gets bit and its obvious that he is bleeding under the lab coat but the lab coat is in no way frayed or ripped, suggesting that he wouldn't have had any contact with the patience saliva. Also note that when they first treat this emergency walk in they don't use any gloves while taking samples and dealing with the patient which isn't standard protocol in hospitals. They actually have wall disposable glove canisters in the rooms.<br /><br />Anyway the second point if forgivable but the first one is a claw in the lions paw, even still this is a really really good film and a must watch for those who love the whole zombie thing.  I like the fact that is so subtle, that they don't fall for cheap frights or over the top zombie art makeup.  I also like the idea that they leave the end open in term of its taking you to the point where the break-out of the disease is out of control.  Its explaining the zombie phenomenon more than it is giving you the zombie's on the loose scenario or how to survive a zombie apocalypse.  Taking the role as the prequel to all zombie films puts this film in a very unique place of its own.  I would recommend this to horror and zombie fans, I would recommend this film to anyone who is interested in distinctive filmmaking. And I would recommend this to anyone who ever thought that a zombie apocalypse was outside the realm of reality. In fact this film is disturbing as it resonates long after the film is watched.<br /><br />I think this is a good rental and I think its a good enough film for someone to own (if this is your kind of thing).
This movie was a rare thing for us zombie fans; it's another well made zombie flick.<br /><br />If you are a T & A zombie fan, there's a little action for you, but no nudity, so you might have to pass.<br /><br />If you are an adrenaline junkie zombie fan, you're gonna have to hold on for dear life until the end.<br /><br />If you are a gratuitous violence/gore zombie fan, nope, pass.  You too would have to hold out to the end, and I'm not sure it will be enough.<br /><br />If you like a thoughtful, well put together story with characters that have some development, or if you are an adult, this one is for you.  You'll like it and it has a nice climax at the end.
This movie took it's time developing characters and plot, but then it has you sitting on the edge of your seat. It essentially explains how the 'zombie' virus starts, and it does so very realistically. We loved it.
I rented this film but did not have time to watch, but as soon as I am able to see it will review it. It has got some descent reviews since its release.
This had to be the worst movie i have ever watched.  EVER!!!!  Don't waste your time renting or buying it.
