The beginning of the video gives an important history lesson, reminding us that many of the great composers did not learn by rote lessons and first reading music.  The piano was a new invention and as such the people who first took a stab at it, played around on it.  They didn't have any music to read from at first, they hadn't even written any.  They played, experimented with chords and rhythms and combinations, got to know the keyboard inside out.  THEN they started writing down their music.  <p>It was only after people liked what they heard the composers doing that they wanted in on the action &quot;I want to do that too!&quot;  So companies started producing sheet music and from simple to complex arrangements that laypeople could play.  That's when piano &quot;lessons&quot; started.  But playing is like learning to talk.  First you learn to talk and you know the reason for language is to communicate.  You watch and listen to others around you, you mimic and emulate, practice and get it wrong a lot before you get it right.  Suddenly it becomes &quot;natural&quot; because you've used it EVERY day!  After that, learning to spell and to read make sense.  <p>The premise of this instruction is that the same holds true with playing the piano.  It's drudgery starting to learn scales before you've been motivated by first making music.  Experiment first and learn to play through experiencing how the different sounds on the keyboard relate to one another.  It's an excellent foundation on which to build.  <p>I learned a lot through this video and recommend it highly.  It provides a needed understanding on how to go about learning the piano in a way that makes it fun for life and has a casual, one on one feel to it.
My seven year old son wanted to learn piano, so I bought a traditional piano book for children--he ended up in tears. I was searching for a way to teach him which wouldn't destroy his passion and creativity, or steal his joy of learning. While walking through the library, the title "Piano for Quitters" caught my eye. Within days, my son was writing beautiful chord progressions and asking for "music practice" to be added to his daily work chart so he could play the piano before his other jobs were done. Our whole family is now learning to play the piano and loving it! I am a former piano quitter--I managed to survive one year of traditional piano lessons, and tried various other piano methods, but by using Piano for Quitters (and it's sequal: Piano for Life), I am learning to play beautiful music along with my children and husband.
Great product!  I'm still learning to play, but this is the bible for learning to play the keyboard!  Glad it was offered on Amazon.com.  If you want to learn to play, you should try this first!
