I am the mother of a six year old girl and she loves Barbie.  When this movie came out I was skeptical.  The movie is deffinitely aimed at an older audience than the previous Barbie movies.  I got it, and sat down with my daughter because I had a feeling it was not going to be what she expected.  Of course some questions came up as a result of the storyline, and I answered them in a way she could understand.  (why are they so skinny? was one of them, also why do they have boyfriends?)  The truth is that she ended up getting bored and walking off to play.<br /><br />That being said, I enjoyed the movie as a mature adult.  It reminded me of the brat pack type 80s movies like Pretty in Pink and Sixteen Candles.  It was fun for me to watch.  I think that older girls will relate to this Barbie movie more than any of the other Barbie movies released so far.<br /><br />The Barbie Diaries has a sweet story, not very original but deffinitely entertaining for an older audience.  The animation is not great but it does have a style all its own (very different from the Barbie princess movies).  The DVD has some extras but for the most part nothing that is very impressive.<br /><br />There is one outstanding feature of this movie that must be pointed out and that is the soundtrack.  Even my daughter loved it.  In fact she asked to watch the Skye Sweetnam video over and over, "playing" along with her guitar and pretending to be a rock star.  The sountrack is catchy and is really good if you like girl pop-rock music.  I would love to get these songs on a CD.  This is a soundtrack I would deffinitely buy.  It's a real shame that so far the soundtrack is not available for purchase.<br /><br />All in all, I would say that for older girls this movie will probably be fun to own.  For grown-ups who enjoyed the high-school crush movies of the 1980s this movie will also be enjoyable.  If you are looking for something a little girl will like, you will probably be better off with one of the other Barbie movies, or you should wait for the next one this fall: The 12 Dancing Princesses.<br /><br />I gave the movie 4 stars because although it is not as good as the other Barbie movies, it does cater to the interests of its intended audience, and it addresses issues that they relate to.  Bottomline - It's better than many other teeny bopper movies out there and it has a better soundtrack than most standard pre-teen fare.
Warning to Moms of young children.  I let my 4 year watch this movie.  She adores it and I did not think I had anything to worry about with it until she started saying "I Hate My Life".  When I asked her where she learned to say that and she said from the Barbie movie.  Sure enough, that's what Barbie says in it.  I am shocked phrases like this were in a Barbie movie and I am very disappointed
Very disappointed by the preview.  My daughter loves all of the Barbie videos and is now very interested in a video that highlights "sophmore year," and "did he kiss you?!" comments.<br /><br />Up until now Barbie videos have been based on fantasy play and imaginative play and this new viedo applies to real life situations that are too old for the crowd of girls it has always appealed to.<br /><br />Lions Gate or Mattel has, in my opinion, missed the mark on this one.  Any parent who buys this Barbie Diaries video for their young daughter is just wishing their youth away.
My biggest complaint with this Barbie movie is the line from Barbies guy friend expressing excitement at walking in on a "girl hug". Do we really need that kind of suggestive remark in a Barbie movie aimed at girls ages 5 to 12?
This movie is inappropriate for young children (under 8)for whom the other Barbie Princess movies were the target audience. We received as a gift and I'm sure the giver thought this movie would be in line with the others. It is not due to very inappropriate messages:  1) If your make-up gets confiscated, keep extra hidden in the pocket of your coat. 2) Getting boys to like you is most important in High School. 3) Getting boys to kiss you is even more important. 4) Getting good grades will make everyone hate you.  These things may happen in high school, but this isn't an appropriate message for 5 year olds.<br /><br />Shame on Barbie, shame on Mattel!
My 3-year-old daughter, as well as my 16-year-old daughter, loved this movie. I found the content agreeable.<br /><br />So what if a girl has a crush on a boy, or had been asked if there was a kiss? It's a natural and human progression, afterall, don't parents greet each other with a kiss or affection in the presence of their kids? Barbie Diaries captured the youngest's attention with very good music, and most importantly, the story is a good lesson on being true to yourself, being studious, (Barbie is an honor student in this movie) loyal to your friends and following your dreams. Even the advice of keeping a diary is a good one, we get to see how far we have come, how our goals are realized, etc.. No dark and evil characters like in Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus, Rapunzel, Mermaidia, Fairytopia, etc.., just the nuisance of a self-centered, shallow, popular girl who tries to make Barbie miserable, but all is settled in the end for the benefit of all. It's all good.
My daughter, who just turned 9, bought this movie with her birthday money. I watched it with her and was really taken back. She has loved all the Barbie movies, including some of the more "grown up" ones like the Fashion Fairy Secret. This was OVER the top. The girls were in high school and really didn't set good examples. The lesson learned at the end of the movie was totally overshadowed by the comments and situations throughout the movie. It was completely lost. I just had a conversation with my daughter about how she's starting to think boys are cute, etc. I do not want this to be the model for how she handles liking boys and eventually dating. There is so much drama in it - definitely a mean girls streak - and comments that a 9 yr old don't necessarily need to be repeating. My daughter didn't see any negative influences in the movie, so I'm buying it from her for purchase price and then getting rid of it. If she can't identify the poor examples and how NOT to act, I certainly don't want this to be any influence on her of what's "normal".
Hi :)<br /><br />I have three girls 2, 14, and 15.  We thought this movie was wonderful.  It kept my teenagers and my toddler interested and I enjoyed it too.<br /><br />We loved the soundtrack and though the graphics were not the best I've seen I did really like how they had each strand of hair move.  Actually I love that in graphics.  When she would tilt her head her hair would fall strand by strand as a persons would.<br /><br />My 15 year old has been a Barbie girl her whole life and I was really happy to see this movie that was more her age range.
Call me nuts and a dork or even call me childish.. Being 21 and still into barbies is fun.. Only difference is i dont play with barbie dolls i just collect them.. When i heard about this movie and seeing the previews i know i had to add it to my collection.. Its a great movie and it really has a great message that we all need to remember.. Just because we would like to fit in doesnt always mean its a great idea.. It can have its ups and down.. The music for the movie is awesome.. The graphics are out of this world amazing.. Although it couldve had a better storyline and some of the outtakes shouldve been used because they were awesome.. Only thing dumb out the DVD is a special feature called 'Kevins Paper Clip Movie Featurette'.. So i dont give to much away all i can say dont take my word for it see this movie for yourself.. ta ta for now..
This movie seems so interesting cuase we will see how Barbie lives in the realworld with the new friends Tia, Courtney, Kevin & Todd. & for the first time an Mean character will be introduce in Barbie's world her name is Raquelle and she the Queen of mean aand she hates Barbies I already saw the doll on Ebay I can't wait to get her
My daughter (7.5) wasn't all impressed by this .. she didnt find it as enertaining or fun as other Barbie movies especially her favourite "charm school" ..
I found the movie super funny, I thought it was hilarious with "The popular lawn" and the magic diary. Me and my sisters watch it all the time just to make us laugh.  I recommended it to my friends and when they watched it, they told me how the couldn't stop cracking up.  I'm laughing about it right now as I write this review. I thought this would be a awesome comedy for grown ups or teens.  Kids-I wouldn't recommend...<br />I'm not sure if it was suppose to be funny or what, but it makes me laugh all the time.  If your wondering why the movie is so funny, it's because the movie is so incredibly stupid. I also find Barbie as a bad influence-and not just this movie,but in all of them.<br />According to the movies, she has about five husbands and a boyfriend, and she proves that she can to anything even if it's impossible to mankind. She also proves that only blondes can do anything and are the prettiest.  She's either a princess, actress or a fairy or mermaid.  She never makes mistakes and is always perfect.<br />Again, the movie is super funny but barbie is a bad influence.<br />And why does barbie want to be popular? She already is!
It's a little mature for the typical Barbie crowd.  I bought it for my four year old daughter, and I was taken aback a bit by the more mature themes represented on the DVD (high school, Fall Formals, crushing on the cutest guy in school, etc).  But I actually like the DVD myself.  It's sweet, and has great music throughout by Skye Sweetnam.  My daughter watches it with me, and we discuss things she doesn't understand.  She also loves the music.  But, once again, it would have been nice to have a bit more of a head's up on the actual content.
I LOVE THIS MOVE!!! They have to come out with a second one. This movie is awesome. I'm a teen and i love it! i loved the other barbie movies but for once it is about real life. And the songs rock. i hope they come out with a soundtrack. This movie should definately be bought. It is fun with todays humor (only the good ones) and is great even for teenagers. take my word for it. It is amazing.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003U0AAJ8">The Barbie Diaries: Widescreen Edition</a>The movie over all was pretty good in my opinion. The story line wasn't really original but interesting enough to keep me watching. It's a typical high school movie. Barbie starts a new year in high school. Barbie has a crush on the most popular guy in school. Barbie has an enemy who is dating her crush. All those kind of stuff. Aside from the story line, the animation was okay. I felt as though the background clothes were bland. It was like the creators only focused on making the main characters look cool that they were too lazy to design the background people. The best part of the movie in my opinion was the music. I enjoyed the beginning and ending music a lot. The beginning music was called "This is Me" by Skye Sweetman. Overall the movie taught the old moral of "believing in yourself" and showed the stereotypical view of high school. There is really no original idea in the movie. If you like the stereotypical, this movie is for you. But if you want something more original, try something else.
The movie is not your normal animation... but it's cute and does have a good moral story line.  Barbie has a band and my 5 year old daugther loves the open 'number'.  Good buy for anyone that likes Barbie.
I completely LOVE LOVE LOVE this dvd movie ! ! ! ! The girls in the movie are between the ages of 15 and 16. They're in their sophmore or second year of high school so it's nice for tweens and teens. I love this movie and it has a nice lesson at the end. It plays perfectly and it arrived two days early. This is my second favorite Barbie movie  next to Barbie Mariposa ). I've only had it for a week and I've watched it over 20 times :D ! ! ! ! Very nice buy :).
The animation is jerky, Barbie looks odd and nothing like herself.  She's portrayed as a highschool student, but acts like a middelschool student.  Poorly written, poorly animated. My 8 year old daughter loves Barbie movies, and she asked me if we could send this one back.
They love all the Barbie movies. This one is no exception. My older two like it more then the younger 3. They like the farie ones and princess ones better. I think the older 2 can relate more to this one. I love that they keep these movies so clean and there is always a lesson to be learned and the characters have good values.
My daughter loves the Barbie DVD's, this one included, but I definitely think it's aimed towards an older audience than my 4 year old daughter.  That being said, she still highly enjoyed it (I think mostly because of the music) and it was worth every penny to see the smile on her face when she watched it.  I was disappointed by the graphics on it though.  The other Barbie movies appear to be made better than this one as far as the graphics go.
shows those avid barbie fans that growing up is sometimes hard but that things work out when you believe in yourself
I am the mother of a Barbie-obsessed 4-year-old and bought this unaware of the plot.  I like the movie but think it's too mature for my daughter right now.  It would be great for a girl in middle school however.  I did find it entertaining.
This is a Barbie dvd that teaches some real life lessons and inspired my daughter to start a journal.  What more could a mom want in a dvd?  Oh yeah, good music.  It had that too.
I got this for my 7 year old daughter. She thinks boys have cooties at this age. Especially her brothers.<br /><br />I did take away one star for the "girl hug" comment because I thought it probably went a little too far in a movie that is geared towards a younger crowd. It was okay, though, because it went WAY over her head.<br /><br />However, hormones weren't the only message. What I liked was the message that the popular kids were only popular because they said nasty things about each other. I liked that Barbie learned that the hunky guy on the rebound wasn't the boy who made her feel the best deep down in her heart. I liked that Barbie wrote down her wishes and made them come true.<br /><br />I got this movie yesterday afternoon. My daughter has already watched this movie three times. She dug through her stuff to find her charm bracelet and has been scribbling in a notebook all day long.
Personally thought this was a great film, most young girls or teens can relate to<br />The graphics are probably the best yet out of the rest of the barbie movies<br />I also did not think that the movie was too mature for young audiences as a previous reviewer stated<br />The scene when Kevin commented on the girls hugging wasn't in any way, shape or form meant to be crude<br />Anyone should be able to see, that Kevin only tries to find ways to be get barbie to realize how much he loves her.<br />It saddens me, to see that someone could have such a negative outlook over such innocent emotions<br />I suppose it's because of reviews like that, why television cencors everything now days
Honestly, I like ALL the Barbie movies. They are a little cheezy and have fun story lines that anyone can enjoy.<br /><br />But this one is differnt. First of all, it has a GREAT soundtrack! I absolutely love the music. I'm 26 years old and would have the songs on my playlist and no one would ever know it was from a Barbie movie if they hadn't seen it.<br /><br />This movie is geared toward older kids, but my younger kids love it as well. I also like the movie. Having to on occasion watch a movie 20 times in a row, having a movie you can enjoy can really help ease the pain of repetitive movies.<br /><br />The story line is a lot better than some of the fantasy based ones. The dialog is fun and more mature.<br /><br />All in all, great movie!
I'm a teenager and I love Barbie movies! I also collect Barbies. I think that all of the previous, fantasy-like Barbie Movies are very nice. When i first heard the idea of this movie, I really didn't like the sound of the fact that it was going to have Barbie in school. I liked the storyline, and fantasy of the rest of the movies. It sort of makes little kids think the wrong things about high school; its all about liking boys, and you don't have to do school work, and you don't have to work hard.
Wow, I'm kinda glad Barbie did this. A teen like movie, I can't wait to watch it. but I wonder why it's showing on TV before it comes out. Oh well, I'm thinking of watching it caue it looks really good. Bratz, Danny Phantom, and My Scene ROCK!!!
story line: not for young kids, and not even really good for older kids. she has to try to fit in with the cool kids. whatever. i hate that an animated kid movie took on the teenage ideals of teenage movies. (!!!!!)<br /><br />animation: sucks. was expecting every other barbie movie animation. those look amazing, this was verrrrrry poor.
The DVD was received in great condition and in a timely manner.  I will order from seller again.
