Home Alone was one of the funniest film released in 1990 and is still a Christmas classic to me , tweleve years later. Macaualy Culkin became a star with this film and Joe Pesci showed more acting talent om this film. The ending in the film is one of the funniest and when I have kids I'll show them this treasured classic.
This dvd has alot of deleted scene's that made me feel like watching the first time all over again. There are awhole alot of features that were worth every penny, shipping and handling and waiting that was all worth it. Now I'm gonna go watch this film again.
I still remember when I saw this movie as well as the second one and to me these will always be Macaulay Culkin's two greatest movies.  I think what also made the two home alone movies great were the bumbling burglars played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern it's sad that Hollywood had to make a third and fourth Home Alone with such disaster.  I think we're also waiting for the first two movies two come out on blu-ray I know that I'll be getting those for my new blu-ray collection.  I know it sounds a little mean but I also like watching these movies before Macaulay Culkin's sad decline from the movies and what he's done with his life.  That out of the way if you're looking for a good family funny Christmas movie get these movies in your collection because while you might like to get it on blu-ray sadly there isn't a release date yet so for the price I<br />say again get the first two movies and leave the third and fourth movie<br />on the store shelves...
It's funny how certain films bring back fond memories of a certain time and place in one's life. I can remember back when this film came out in the early nineties and I was a kid at my Grandmother's house in Matteson, Ill (which ironically enough is a suburb of Chicago) for Christmas and sometimes Thanksgiving, always watching this film year after year for the holidays. It was like a tradition of sorts. This movie never failed to make my cousins and I laugh and I enjoyed the film enough to where I actually took my own sled and attempted to sled down the top of my staircase at home and out the front door during the wintertime...it didn't work out quite as well as the movie. I won't go over the synopsis of the film, I think it's been explained enough times. I would recommend Home Alone to any family or anyone looking for a film to watch around the holidays.
Home Alone not only made Macaulay Culkin a star, this movie is actually really good. There are plently of laughs even after 18 years later, this funny, hijinx comedy was a childhood favorite of mine, including the sequel. Wish it was Christmas time now, I highly recommend this John Hughes/Chris Columbus gem, enjoy!
Product was quick to ship and quict to arrive.  Seller was great!  Movie was undamaged and I love the movie.
Directed by Chris Columbus (Bicentennial Man, The Harry Potter Films, Nine Months, Mrs. Doubtfire) this film was a smash succes when it opend and still is a Holiday favorite for the family to sit and watch together.<p>This Film put Micaulay Culkin (Richie Rich, The Good Son) on the map. It's about every kids dream and every parents nightmare - (Or is it the revers?) - being left behind by your parents.<p>Starting with a simple wish of making his family dissappear - Micaulay realizes that they actually forgot him on their trip on the way to Paris.<p>Add to the plot two mischievious burglers played brilliantly by Jope Pesci (My Cousin Vinny, With Honors, JFK) and Daniel Stern (City Slickers, My Blue Heaven, Dilbert), they bumble and create havok on the unsuspecting youth trapped alone in his house.<p>The stunts ad gags are hysterical and somewhat not realistic, but the fun and humor is universal. And the appearance of the late John Candy (Wagon's East, JFK, Spaceballs)as the Polka King is hysterical.<p>Key perfomances by the mother and father played by Cathrine O'Hara (Best In Show, Home Fries, The Nightmare Before Christmas) and John Herd (My Fellow Americans, the Pelican Brief, Awakenings) who are incredibly resourceful in getting themselves back from Paris to Chicago to get their son.<p>Funny, adventurous and a lesson in life, love and family. There is even a key scene with the olderly man who lives next door and is thought to be a killer played by Robert Blossom (Doc Hollywood, Visionquest)who eventually teaches Macaulay what family is all about<p>With a wonderful Acadamy Award winning score by John Williams (Star Wars, Indiana Jones, ET) this movie is great for everyone in the whole family. Watch it every holiday! (11-30-03)
I've enjoyed both of his Home Alone films. Macaulay Culkin is just a fine actor and his acting ability really comes across in this film.  It's like this series was written directly for him.It is light hearted, touching, exciting, funny, mischievious, warm and very Christmasy. These films have become a part of my Christmas season. Also a great music score and it sounds wonderful in 5.1 Stereo. I'm proud to have this film in my collection.
Everyone who I've ever spoken to seems to thing this film is lame and not worth watching. but i'm glad I became a reviewer for this purpose and to say my piece. First this film has a strong storyline no matter what anyone says. It has the atmosphere that I would love to have at christmas. And is probaly the reason I watch it over and over again. This dvd edition doesn't have any extra features apart from the trailers which is disappointing as I would of thought for such a sucessful film to at leased have something left on the cutting room floor for us to see. This film in my opinion is a great film that deservers more respect than it's recieving. It's worth the money for such a great film.
This movie is almost as old as I am, and I'll watch it from time to time and still be amused. The plot is not likely to ever occur in real life, but the fantasy of it is so fun. Saying you never want to see your family again, and then waking up the next day and having them gone is every child's nightmare, but then experiencing the adventure that follows would be so cool. Actually, it would probably be a terrible thing to really experience, but watching it sure is fun. THe ways this 8 year old outsmarts two con-artists is so great. I wish I had some opportunity just to see if I could be that creative. This movie is super-entertaining. Watch it with your family- everyone will be amused.
Bought this used and it is slightly, had a few lines go through it but totally watchable, and the shipper shipped it fast!<br />This movie is soooo awesome.  I bought it for myself...been asking for it for xmas for years now and couldn't find it at the stores.  I think it's for both adults and children.
I was 8 years old when this movie debuted, and needless to say, I loved it.  Especially the 30 minute sequence that climaxes when the burglars (Pesci and Stern, both playing their over the top characters with a great zeal) have to deal with Kevin's boobytraps.<br />However, in retrospect as an almost 20 year old, that sequence is the one thing that holds back this movie from reaching the heights of, say A Christmas Story.  The rest of the movie is excellent, taking the simplistic themes of childhood abandonment and family...and squeezing the utmost honesty and laughter out of each scene.  Try not to let your inner child giggle with excitment as the young protagonist gleefully jumps on his parents bed WHILE eating popcorn, or going grocery shopping by yourself, and getting anything you want.<br />Culkin couldn't have done a better job capturing the little kid that can irritate you to no end, but you deeply adore.<p>My sister(a senior in high school)  and I (a sophomore in college) make it a point to watch this after every Thanksgiving dinner, kicking off the holiday season.  This movie will most likely become a similiar tradition in your household, if two grown up kids love it.
The film is 10 years old, but only shows a slight sign of the times. The idea is great, as is the entertainment provided by it. But the DVD is nothing special, lacking any feature except the basics. Such a good film deserved a better cared edition. 5 stars for the movie, 2 for the DVD.
One of the only good films of Macaulay Culkin's unimpressive &amp; short-lived film career, Home Alone tells the story of 8 year old Kevin McCallister. When the McCallister family leaves for Paris for the holidays they accidently leave behind Kevin, a smart allect troublemaker (Culkin.) The family panics when learning of his absence, especially his mother, Kate (Cathrine O'Hara.) But Kevin couldn't be more calm, thinking he made everybody dissapear he just goes on doing everything he wants. <p>But that all changes when two would-be crooks set their sights on the McCallister house. Harry &amp; Marv (Joe Pesci &amp; Daniel Stern) soon learn that Kevin is home alone &amp; decide to rob the house a couple of days from Christmas. To bad Kevin overheard the whole plan &amp; advices a plan of his own. He sets up small, but painful, traps all around the house, allowing the thiefs to encounter a world of pain in the process of trying to catch the resourceful Kevin. <p>Followed by the fairly good sequal &quot;Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York&quot; &amp; the awful third film &quot;Home Alone 3&quot; which starred newcomer Alex D Linz.
By now, everybody in the world knows about Macaulay Culkin's private life, well - this is the movie that launched Mac into the public eye and made him a household name.<p>From the antics of the paint cans bowling over the bad guys, to the tense moments of running off with a toothbrush, this family film will have kids watching every time it is put on.  <p>In the end, the message of how important family is shines through.
Home alone is the best one it is one of the best Family movies ever. It's about when two bad guys come to town and rob every house since everyone on that street is gone for Christmas but 1 family forgot one minor detail:  Kevin and he can make his own house into one huge trap. If you want to see  any Home Alone see this one. And also this movie will make you laugh so  hard. Home alone is awesome! You will want to see it again.
With Halloween over, and the world quickly slipping into the holiday season, I have been in the Christmas mood. So, why not hit on some Christmas movies?. Released back in 1990, HA was released on an unsuspecting public and became the largest grossing comedy motion picture of all time. While it is incredibly fun and entertaining and funny, should we be laughing at how a family left a little 8 year old boy home alone during Christmas?. Or was it really their fault?. The movie centers on the McAlister family. Headed by parents John Heard and Catherine 'O' Hara, the family, and quite a large one at that, are off to the airport. Unfortunatley, there was a mix up and little Kevin(Macaulay Culkin) is left behind. When Kevin realizes the horrors, he begins to realize that this is every little kid's dream. A life with no parents, no grown ups, no nothing. His own house to himself. He can do whatever he wants. It quickly goes sour when two burglars(Joe Pesci, Daniel Stern), plan on robbing the house. Something Kevin overhears and prepares for. When the two bumbling doofus' come to collect, they enter a house full of boobytraps and other inventions of pain and torture that Kevin devised to save his house. Okay, so th mistake of leaving Kevin behind is somewhat plausible and can be forgiven. It happened, and it's not that it couldn't, and the family were mortified and tried everything they could to get back. Or at least the mother did. Some reviewers were quick to blame, even calling the mother 'horrible', but that is not right. It was an honest mix-up, and she was scared as heck and it was her who did everything she could to get back. Is she that bad for what happened?. Not at all. What strains credibility, is the robbers and the total fun house that Kevin turns his home into. Obviously, this is the best part, and the part most want to see, but it's inconceivable. This little kid, in a time of turmoil and danger, instantly turns into a brilliant little MacGyver, with everything working properly, and having the best timing of any kid, or adult, around. But then again, this is not a movie for logic. It's fun. Nothing but fun and entertainment and HA succeeds on every level in that area. Director Chris Columbus shoots the film really well, and the time and feel of the season is warm and inviting. The actors are all on their game and seem to enjoy what they are doing. Pesci and Stern(not the over the hill, hanging by a thread "B" stars, as an inept review below states), are hilarious as they try to withstand, and fail, every thing Kevin throws at them. Culkin himself is adorable and has a nice presence and charm. HA is not up there with any of Hollywood's epics, but it is a holiday and comedy classic, and it does what it does. Followed by a decent sequel, and a part 3 and 4 that should be avoided at all costs.
&quot;Home Alone&quot; is probably the best movie I've ever seen! It's about a young boy who gets left at home, accidently, while his family goes on a trip for Christmas. The boy had said he didn't want to see his family ever again, because they were so mean to him, then it appeared that his family had disappeared. During the holiday season, while he was home alone, he had the time of his life; at first. Then he heard these thieves were going to come after him and try to rob his house. He sets up a series of hilariously funny traps to catch the bandits and ends up catching two robbers that the police had been after for months! This movie is great and I recommend that you see it, it definitely made me laugh (and every time I see, I laugh just like I did the first time I saw it, not many movies can do that) and I'm sure it'll do the same for you!
HOME ALONE is most definitely still the best holiday comedy ofall time. And if not, then it's sequel, HOME ALONE 2: LOST IN NEWYORK, is!  HOME ALONE is about a young 8-year-old kid, KevinMcCallister, who lives with his wealthy family in a large house inChicago (the house is part of the whole plot). It is Christmastime, asas usual, Kevin (considered by his family) is causing lots oftrouble. When things get out of control the night before they have tofly in a plane to visit relatives in Paris, Kevin is sent to sleep inthe attic, and he tells his mother who punished him that he hated herand wished he'd never have to see his family ever again. Well, nosurprise, Kevin wakes up the next morning to find that he is the onlyone in the house and thinks his family had disappeared, even thoughthey had actually left on the trip without him! Soon, two crooks,Harry and Marv (Daniel Stern and Joe Pesci), want to rob large houseswhich they think has lots of money and vaulables. Most of theneighbors living on Kevin's street are also away on vacations. So theymake a scheme to break into all the homes and steal all vaulables.Kevin overhears this plan - they are really after Kevin's house - anddecide to set up booby traps that will hopefully capture thecrooks.<p>Through the high-tech pranks and laid-back laughs, this isone great Christmas movie you can't live without. If you haven't seenthis yet (and who hasn't?!) well, there's no time like thepresent. Who cares if it's not Christmas? This movie is just as funand cool to watch during the mid-summertime. With top acting bypopular, famous actors of the early '90s, this is one smart comedythat is totally unforgettable! Buy it today. It's definitely one ofthe most popular and one of the biggest box office hits of all-timefor good reasons. Once you see this movie, you will understand why,too. I'm telling ya - you must buy this movie. It's DA BOMB!
Classic Movie. Was my siblings and my favorite movie, and now it is one of my sons favorite movies. Great to watch at Christmas time or any other time of year. Nice to see John Candy, and to see Macaulay Culkin as a young star.
My husband's favorite holiday movies are the first 2 Home Alone movies. I was having a hard time finding them in stores and a friend suggested getting them online. It was only a few weeks until we were to fly home for the holidays and I was concerned that the movies would not be shipped to our home in time. My friend assured me that Amazon was always had quick delivery and ordering online would be super simple. She was right! This selller had the movie I ordered at my home with plenty of time to spare. I will be checking online for good deals before hitting the stores from now on. Thanks! :)
Home Alone--great as always and received promptly.  Needed a new copy for Christmas! Thank you for an easy transaction on Amazon
I got this movie for my 6 year old and let him open it Christmas Eve morning as an "special surprise". He loved it and we ended up watching it 4 times over the next two days. The physical comedy is like a real life Tom and Jerry (which he also loves) and keeps him laughing for almost the whole movie. That mixed with the message that we love our family no matter how much they get on our nerves is a great message for people of all ages. The bonus features are great and fun to watch after the movies is done.
this was classic that my kids always loved very entertaining and enjoyable. i recommend this movie to anyone that wants a little laugh and sometimes a cry.
One of my favorite all time classic Christmas movies. It's on blu-ray, quality is good but not really up to today's blu-ray standard.
This movie is a tradition in my family... Every year after we are done with Thanksgiving dinner at my grandparents house my cousins and I used to curl up in their bed and watch this until it was time to go home.  This year instead of going out and trying to rent it I decided to buy it.
I remeber this being one of my favorite holiday movies when I was younger. I happend to catch it last night and enjoyed it just the same. It really holds up being funny and somewhat touching even after all these years. Plus it's one of those movies any age can enjoy. I definately recommend Home Alone especially during the holiday season.
I love Home Alone 1 and 2, i always watch these two movies during the holidays. These movies will always bring me back to a time when i was<br />a kid and remember my dad taking my little brother and i to the movies<br />to see both of these when they were brand new, shortly after my cousin<br />and i bought them on VHS and watched them all the time. Macaulay Culkin<br />played a great roll in these movies, and all of those traps he set up<br />all over the house was so clever and funny to watch, being a typical<br />child, being angry at his family wishing he would never seen them again,<br />and when it appears to be so, he greatly misses them all and wishes them<br />back. All of the other characters in this movie all played great rolls.<br />I would recommend this movie to anybody who has not yet seen it.
I first saw this movie on a flight to dallas airport.  the entire plane was laughing so hard the Flight attendants had to stop serving.
This movie is classic. Really funny and filled with action and funny scenes. The actors did an amazing job. The plot of the story is really funny. Did movie is good for any day of the year.
In this enjoyable Chismas Comedy Classic, viewers are introduced to the Kevin- the youngest child of the Mcallister family. Being an 8 year old, Kevin is continuously bullied and treated unrespectfully by his older brother- Buzz, and all the other kids in his family. The holiday-tradition for the Mcallisters every holiday, is that they leave home with their cousin-family, who are equally rude to him as his own family are. Kevin is annoyed and angry, and wishes that he never had a family. Watch out Kevin, your wish just might come true.<br /><br />It is on the morning of the Mcallister holiday, that Kevin's wish comes true. He is left at home, he has the whole house to himself! But trouble begins to brew when sleazy robbers- Marv and Harry 'the wet bandits' plan to rob his house, Keving is in hot water. This hilarious comedy-film will show you that children in some ways, are as superior to adults.
Take a cheeky eight-year-old, put him in a situation he has to slapstick his way out of with the kind of antics most cartoon characters wouldn't survive, and what you have is one of the most wildly popular, commercially successful comedies of all time.  And when it's over, though most likely you'll have had a good time, you'll be tempted to ask the question:  Why?  Because "Home Alone," directed by Chris Columbus and written by John Hughes, is mediocre at best, though it does have it's moments.  It's a matter of the filmmakers being very astute, perhaps, and wisely mixing in a potpourri of elements with universal appeal and touching upon that common nerve they calculated would give just about anyone in the audience something to which they could relate.  And they were right.  Kids, Christmas, family, vacation, independence, a scary situation; it's all in here.  But, interestingly enough, it lacks the sentimental value that would seemingly have made this a movie one could truly embrace.  As it is, it's engaging fare, but somehow manages to keep the viewer at arm's length.  Then again, maybe that's even part of the appeal; it may be that audiences at this particular time and place were more comfortable just watching without having to invest anything of themselves in order to have a good time.<p> This was, after all, 1990, and this film played to a generation weaned on more than a decade of Saturday Night Live, whose keen sense of biting satire and parody definitely had an influence on the mind-set of audiences everywhere.  And is that a bad thing?  No, absolutely not.  It merely points up one possible reason why a film centered around an eight-year-old with a somewhat derisive attitude could be so wholeheartedly received.  Also, it may be that the second half of the film, with it's over-the-top slapstick, is what made the final impression on the audience.  And this IS funny stuff; and it's going to get to even those who usually prefer humor that doesn't involve slapstick, because it's so well done.  Again, credit the filmmakers with having their fingers on the pulse of our culture and standards at the time.  But you also have to give credit to Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern who bring the "Wet Bandits," Harry and Marv,  to life, and know how to put across this kind of comedy, which is no easy task.<p> The story itself is simple:  The extended McCallister family sets off for a Christmas vacation in Paris, and inadvertently, Kevin (Macaulay Culkin) gets left behind.  Left alone.  At home.  Where, rising to the occasion beyond anything even the most prodigious teenager could manage, he discovers the thrill of being independent and thwarts a pair of bungling burglars in the balance.  Meanwhile, mom and dad (Catherine O'Hara as Kate, John Heard as Peter) go out of their minds when they get to Paris and discover what has happened.  If only they knew what an ingenious and imaginative son they had...<p> Culkin is certainly a cute kid, but can he act?  Well, the jury is still out on that one.  It's hard to say, since the dialogue he is given is so ridiculously above that of an eight-year-old, and the situations he encounters are so far-fetched, that there is no real frame of reference by which to consider it objectively.  His timing and rhythm are lacking, however, that much is clear.  His responses-- or, if you will, the punch lines he delivers-- are always a beat behind what they should be.  And it robs the humor of the spontaneity that would have made it funnier, even hilarious.  As it is, the only real laughs come from Kevin's assault on the Wet Bandits, and there are plenty to be had there.<p> Pesci and Stern become the real stars of the show as they play out their slapstick antics, which are truly deserving of the laughs they generate.  Their expressions of incredulity in the face of the violence that is visited upon them is what makes this movie.  Everything else merely sets the stage for Harry and Marv's descent into the maelstrom.  And what Pesci and Stern do here should not be taken for granted, nor taken lightly artistically.  To put this kind of humor across takes some real talent on the part of consummate professionals, and Pesci and Stern certainly deliver it.  Their secret?  They play it straight, which keeps the silliness out of it.  Had they played it strictly as farce, it simply wouldn't have had the same impact; but by playing to the characters in the situation, rather than to a situation involving characters, it works.  And, once again, chalk up another one for Columbus and Hughes, who really know how to deliver this kind of material.<p> The only truly poignant moment in the film involves Kevin's encounter with a mysterious neighbor, "Old Man Marley," played wonderfully by character actor/poet Roberts Blossom.  The revelation of his secret earlier in the film sets up the purest moment of the ending, and though it is brief, it's inspired and adds a much needed perspective to the story.<p> The supporting cast includes Devin Ratray (Buzz), Angela Goethals (Linnie), Gerry Bamman (Uncle Frank), Hillary Wolf (Aunt Leslie), Ralph Foody (Gangster Johnny), Billie Bird (Irene), Bill Erwin (Ed) and John Candy, memorable in the role of Gus Polinski, the Polka Band shuttle Chief.  Considering the ratio between this movie's substance and the success it still enjoys today, "Home Alone" is something of an anomaly in the history of the genre.  it lacks insight, yet delivers some real belly laughs.  It lacks a single character the audience can truly embrace, yet is accepted overwhelmingly as is.  It lacks inspiration, yet is an inspired film in the way it is crafted and delivered.  It's one you're probably going to like and enjoy, but upon reflection may wonder, "Why."  And the answer?  Who can say.  Go figure.  It's the magic of the movies.
'Home Alone' being one of the three only good films of Macaulay Culkin's short lived film career is an instant holiday classic. With many laugh out loud scenes &amp; the few touching moments at the end, the film was destined from the beginning to be a pure holiday classic. <p>The McCallister family, leaving for Paris for the holidays, accidently leaves behind their 8-year-old son, Kevin (Culkin). Kevin thinking he made his family dissapear goes on like evrybody's still there, except when two crooks, Harry (Joe Pesci) &amp; Marv (Daniel Stern), set their sights on the McCallister house it's up to Kevin to save the house &amp; destroy the crooks. All the while Kevin's mother (Cathrine O'Hara) tries on &amp; on to return home. <p>The sequels 'Home Alone 2 : Lost in New York' &amp; 'Home Alone 3' were in my opinion just as good as the orginal.
This is one of the greatest films of all time.  It will be around forever!  I was hoping this edition of the DVD would have special features with more shots and footage from the set from back in 1990.  However, I'm sure that since it was 17 years ago most of the behind the scenes footage from the filming was lost.  Most of the special features are just interviews with the people who put the film together, talking about what they did for the film.  Be sure to listen to the DVD commentary with Macaulay Culkin and Chris Columbus.  It's interesting to watch deleted footage that didn't make the film as well.  Overall, I wish the special features were more elaborate and more on-set showing the actual shooting of the film, but since it was so long ago, I don't blame them for not having it on file anymore.
This is a very funny movie from John Hughes (Breakfast Club, Maid in Manhattan). It's a bit like a cartoon tho in that what we learn from watching, is that, it's funny when someone falls down or gets seriously hurt.<br /><br />This is a great movie especially when judged by the number of laughs it earns. Can it be? 16 years ago that this movie came out? I dare say this is a Christmas Classic. A Christmas Classic that could be enjoyed any time of the year. I believe in the world of literature, what? 50 years must go by before a Novel can be judged a Classic? How long is the wait for a movie?
This film has become one of our favorites (I ordered the DVD copy to replace our original VHS version) and joins the ranks of White Christmas, Holiday Inn and A Wonderful Life in our collection of holiday classics. While the family dynamic presented falls somewhat short of ideal, the laughes and overall message of the film are fun and heartwarming and what family doesn't have it's own interesting characters and adventures?!?. The extra features included add to the fun; we especially enjoyed the sequence about the stunts.<br /><br />A throughly enjoyable experience that, like Kevin, never grows old!
I bought this DVD for my 8-year-old son, who'd already seen it a number of times. He finds it hilarious (but then again he loves America's Funniest Videos, as well as any other form of slapstick). It's a well-made movie with a coherent plot and a great cast, and it stands up well to repeated viewing. It may not make anyone's list of the 100 greatest movies of all time, but not every film needs to be a Gone with the Wind. Light a fire in the fireplace, cozy up with your kids on the couch, and give Home Alone a look.
Home Alone is a brilliant comedy produced by John Hughes (The Breakfast Club), directed by Chris Columbus (Mrs. Doubtfire), and starring child sensation Macaulay Culkin (Uncle Buck), Joe Pesci (Goodfellas), Daniel Stern (City Slickers), John Heard (187), and Catherine O'Hara (Beetlejuice).<br /><br />Home Alone is not only the highest grossing comedy of all time, (the movie has made more than 500 million dollars worldwide to date), but it is also the film that made Macaulay Culkin, who was only about 9 years old at the time of the film's release, a household name and an international mega star overnight.<br /><br />Home Alone is about a child named Kevin McCallister, one of the many children of the upper-middle class and very eccentric Chicago suburbanites McCallisters, played by Heard and O'Hara, who accidentally is left behind by his huge family when they rush to the airport on their way to spend the winter break in France, so Kevin finds himself alone at home, hence the title. In the meantime, two scheming and rather stupid burglars: Harry, played by Pesci, and Marvin, played by Stern, are going house to house in Kevin's neighborhood stealing everything they can. They set their eyes on the McCallister home because as Harry describes, it is the silver platter. However, Harry and Marvin are in for a surprise and lots of pain as Kevin is smarter than they think.<br /><br />Home Alone is flat-out hilarious. John Hughes, the man behind such 80's comedy classics as Ferris Bueller's Day Off, The Breakfast Club, and Uncle Buck, continues his string of Chicago based movies with Home Alone. There are several signature Hughes elements in the film: in addition to the Chicago theme, there is the scene where Kevin talks to himself in the bathroom mirror, right before he puts aftershave and screams (the movie's most copied signature scene). This is a reference to Ferris Bueller's Day Off, where Ferris, played by Matthew Broderick, breaks the 'fourth wall' and speaks directly the viewers.<br /><br />Almost 16 years after its release, Home Alone is still one of the most popular family comedies ever made.<br /><br />Recommended<br /><br />A
The original Home Alone should be included on a list of required holiday viewing up there with "A Christmas Carol," "Charlie Brown," and the rest of the classics.<br /><br />This became an instant classic (if that isn't an oxymoron) when it was released in 1990.  Hard to believe 15 years have passed since this movie's release but the comedy contained within is timeless.<br /><br />The premise is very well-known by now, having been described by almost everyone who has written a review here on Amazon.  For those few souls unfamiliar with it, they can get a glance by looking at the plot description on the back of the VHS box or DVD case.<br /><br />The only thing I can say about Home Alone is it will keep your attention from start to finish and try not to wet yourself when you see what happens to Daniel Stern's character.<br /><br />Home Alone is especially enjoyable watching over the holidays but it's a year-round classic.
Plays excellent! I wanted this for my dvd collection. It arrived in excellent condition, I have no complaint's at all and I would buy again if it was needed.Good service / delivery
This is hands-down my favorite Christmas movie.  The premise of the movie is simple and the plot isn't all that complicated, but it's just good, wholesome fun.  The characters are fun, funny, and Kevin is amusingly clever throughout the movie.<br /><br />I believe I've watched this movie every Christmas of my whole life, and then some.  It's never gotten old.  The acting is great, and the John William's soundtrack is beautiful.  If you've never seen this, you're missing out.  Get it!
Home Alone is the first of Kevin's Christmas holidays spent alone and the beginning of his duels with the not so bright "wet bandits". It all begins when Kevin's family accidentally leaves him at the house in the midst of a chaotic morning as his large family and their relatives head to the airport for Paris, France. Kevin realizes he is home alone and panics at first, but then parties as he pleases in the absence of his parents and bossy siblings.<br /><br />The youngster's holiday from his family changes gears, from doing the laundry and eating all the ice cream he wants, to planning mischievous pranks when the two thieves show up at his address. With creative ingenuity, Kevin manages to teach them a lesson they won't forget. He also gets a little help from a new friend.<br /><br />The movie is humorous and also touches on the importance of family. During Kevin's holiday, he gets acquainted with an older man in his neighborhood who has also experienced difficulties with his own family. Both of them, young and old, learn to let go of past grievances and better appreciate their family members.
The best of the movies about Home Alone.  Harry and Marv are great as the bad guys and what happens is awesome!
great movie, love it!! very funny!!! that all !! great movie , very very very funny !!<br /><br />very very very very very very funny!
This is a good funny movie that you should get. A family leaves their kid behind accidently when they go on Christmas vacation and he then has to fend himself against burglars. The funniest part is watching him do that but I wont be a spoiler. Needless to say you should get it.
I use to watch this movie a lot when I was a kid. It didn't even have to be Christmas time and I was watching it lol. This is a great family movie. There aren't very many great family movies left out there.
When my husband and I recently watched this movie with our two young children (5 & 7) for the first time, we loved it as much as they did, and we had seen it before.  Cute family classic that is timeless.
Ive ordered products from this seller before and theyve been amazing, but halfway into this movie the first time we watched it, it skips and completely freezes, so we have to skip ahead an entire scene. It does that every time we watch it.
Home Alone is a Christmas classic! This is one of my all-time favorite Christmas movies, one I watch every year! Highly recommend it! Although it plays basically every year on TV, I wanted to purchase the DVD because 1) I could watch it when I want, instead of waiting for it to play on TV, 2) I could avoid watching commercials, and 3) it's edited for running time on TV and I always like to see the full movie.
On November 21st, 2006, 20th Century Fox released Home Alone - Family Fun Edition. This DVD edition is the long awaited special edition to one of cinemas most adored Christmas films. This edition offers a hefty amount of extra goodies...such as over 30 minutes of deleted scenes, on the set featurettes, new interviews, and a brand new commentary track featuring director Chris Columbus & Macaulay Culkin. I have to say unlike most commentary tracks, this one is actully very informative and very fun. Macaulay and Chris seem to have so much fun watching the film. This edition like the first one is presented in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1.85:1. I read somewhere that the video and audio is updated too, I cannot confirm if it is or not but I read that. If you own the previous edition of this film, it is definately worth your money to update to this. The special features alone warrant a double dip. Also for the hold outs not wanting to buy the film til it got a special edition, well here it is. I would recommend this edition to anyone wanting to own this classic film on DVD.
Finally Fox studios came to their senses to re-release a childhood classic. Now this re-release does have a substanial amount of bonus features including 4 behind the scenes feature, deleted scenes, 3 trailers, and some trivia games but the icing on the cake is the Christopher Columbus and Macaulay Culkin Commentary. Its good to know that Macaulay Culkin being the highest paid child star back then in the early 90's and still to this date, he is humble enough to go back to his childhood memories. Deff worth the upgrade if you own the previous release..a true classic...
This movie was a favorite amongst many when it first came out in 1990, and more than a decade later, this movie *still* remains a classic, and will continue to be a classic for many more years to come.<br /><br />The story is simple, really: young Kevin (Macaulay Culkin) is the underdog of the family; always getting picked on by his older siblings, and feeling like an outcast. One day, he gets into it with his older brother, and Kevin ends up being punished. During his punishment, he wishes that he could spend a christmas by himself without any of his family members. Wouldn't you know it - due to his family's carelessness, they accidently leave Kevin home on their way to the airport (to fly to Paris for Christmas vacation.)<br /><br />And from there, the fun begins. While Kevin is home by himself, two bumbling, nincompoop burglars (played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern) known as the "Wet Bandits," set their sites on Kevin's house. When Kevin figures this out, he sets the house up with all sorts of tricks and traps, to out-maneuver these two clowns. And it's *hilarious* (listening to Daniel Stern's agonized wails -- as if he were castrated -- leaves me gasping for breath!) Anytime I watch this movie, these scenes in general have a way of bringing out the devilishly-maniacal, mischievous kid in me (and no doubt, many other viewers as well.) Of course, the movie isn't all about brash, goofy slapstick; there are some moving moments scattered throughout the film (particularly when Kevin befriends an old man - who is feared throughout the neighborhood - who teaches Kevin a few things about life, as well as receiving a little bit of advice from young Kevin along the way.)<br /><br />Home Alone, Home Alone 2, and National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation are the Christmas comedies I find myself coming back to most. Indeed, all three of these films are classics that should be watched around the holidays, or *any* time of the year, for some non-stop entertainment & laughs, as well as some heartwarming sentiment beneath it all.
One of my favorite Christmas movies! I love this comedy, an all time classic.  It's sooo funny, a must see!
my mom loved it, completely satisfied with the services rendered. would shop again, the movie itself is great for little kids and old ladies
I'm so glad this will be in my own children's Christmas movie collection.  This is such a classic from my own childhood.  It's timeless tho, the humor will still make the tech savy generation chuckle.
love this movie and like to watch it every year around christmas. amazon had it for a cheap price so i finally ordered it.
The most cool part is the xtras this disc probides! Like byhind the scenes and more! The picture is awsome!<br />Home alone 1 & 2 are one of favorites movies my 2yr loves the movie alot! We watch this movie hundreds of times it almost never gets old!
This is one of the best and classic Christmas movies.  I loved it when I was a kid, and now my young children love it too.  There is nothing like hearing them belly-laugh at the silly unfortunate events that happen to the bad guys.
Love this movie, got it quickly and even before it was supposed to get to me! I'll be ordering more in the near future!
Yes, this story is completely implausible, but aren't most comedies? I remember watching this movie in a theater when I was younger. It was great, then, and it holds up very well over time. Now I get the joy of enjoying it all over again, while watching with my own children! In this comedy classic, young Kevin is mistakenly left at home, alone, while the rest of his boisterous family travels overseas for a vacation in Europe. Enjoying himself at first, young Kevin later comes to the realization that his home has been targeted by a pair of bumbling burglars (The Wet Bandits)! Kevin uses his ingenuity (and a lot of toys and tools) to set traps, distractions, and deterrents in the defense of his home, all the while realizing that he misses and loves his family a lot more than he, at first, realized. Great comedy for the whole family to enjoy - especially around Christmas!
HOW CAN YOU GO WRONG WITH THIS DVD. ITS A CLASSIC AND MY FAMILY LOVES IT! THE DISC PLAYS PERFECTLY BEING THAT ITS AN OLDER DISC. I HAVE NO PROBLEMS WITH THE TRANSACTION, SHIPPING, DELIVERY, OR THE PLAYBACK!
I am loving Amazon. Home Alone is another must have for children 3 and up and for grown-ups like me. My 3 year old grandson somethimes watches it back to back and it keeps him occupied when I am busy. It' like "set it and forget it". Very entertaining.
This is one of my favorite movies and Macaulay Culkin is one of my favorite actors. I highly recommend this movie to everyone that hasn't seen it.
This funny family movie is great to watch during the Christmas season or anytime. The family of Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) leaves for France for a Christmas vacation and accidentally forgets him.<br /><br />The eight year old, who everyone thinks is helpless, defends his home against bungling burglars by outsmarting them with inventive booby traps. Culkin is endearing as Kevin, and Joe Pesci is great as one of the burglars. The late John Candy makes an appearance as the Polka King of the Midwest. Sequels were made but are not as good as the original.
I am very satisfied with the purchaise. The seller was  very professional and the product arrieved in a timely manner as stated by the seller. Will recommend the seller to anyone. Thank you!
I really disliked this film when it was first released. Over the years, it's grown on me.  I chose this version because it's been remastered. I have purchased the films seperately following many reviews which panned the 4 movie set.
8-year-old Kevin McAllister is accidentally left behind when his family takes off for a vacation in France over the holiday season. Once he realizes they've left him home by himself, Kevin learns to fend for himself, and eventually has to protect his house against bumbling burglars Harry and Marv, who are planning to rob every house in Kevin's suburban Chicago neighborhood. Kevin's mother Kate is frantic when she realizes that she and the family have unintentionally left Kevin behind in Chicago, and she tries to make it back to Chicago as fast as she can, getting help from a polka band leader named Gus Polinski. This movie touches your hearts, and tickles your funny bones. It's just terrific and I guarantee nothing but great laughs for you and the whole family.
What is there not to like about this movie? Fun for the whole family to watch. Never tire of seeing it. And it is a Must Watch At Christmas.
Macaulay Culkin (UNCLE BUCK), Joe Pesci (GOOD-FELLAS), Daniel Stern (MY BLUE HEAVEN), John Heard (CAT PEOPLE), Catherine O'Hara (BEETLEJUICE) and John Candy (SPACEBALLS) star in a classic Holiday movie, directed by Chris Columbus (I LOVE YOU, BETH COOPER). Kevin McCalister (Culkin) accidently gets left home alone by his vacation bound family and has the time of his life. But an unpleasant surprise comes Kevin's way, the Wet Bandits; Harry (Pesci) and Marv (Stern) are breaking into houses in Kevin's neighborhood. So it is up to Kevin to take down the burglars along with the help of a mysterious Old Man Marley. I love this movie, have watched this and the 2nd movie ever since I was a little kid. I give this movie a infinity star rating.
You can never do wrong with this movie.  It is a timeless classic that brings the holiday season right home.  All will love it....children right up to the seniors at home.
What if you found yourself home alone during the holidays? Well, that's part of the basic premise of this popular Christmas classic. Macaulay Culkin plays the role of Kevin, an 8-year old boy who gets fed up with his entire family. One night before they set off to Paris, Kevin wishes that every single member of his family disappears. Well, he gets his wish. Fierce winds causes a power failure, which results in everyone oversleeping. They have only a handful of minutes to get to the airport. Unfortunately for them, they've forgotten Kevin back home because of their hectic departure. Fortunately for Kevin, he now has the freedom to do whatever he wants to do. Things turn for the worse when two robbers (Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern) prepare to rob the house. And this is where the slapstick comedy comes in. Home Alone isn't just a Christmas movie. Sure, it has some great comedy, but the film goes much deeper than that. It shows the importance of family and family gatherings. It shows that Christmas is not only about fun and gifts, but it's also about love and caring. Anyone can enjoy watching this movie. I, for one, always enjoyed watching it during my childhood, and I still love it as I'm now in my early 20's. If I have kids in the future, then I'll show them this film (and many others) during this time of year. It's a truly entertaining film that still hasn't aged.<br /><br />Grade: A
My 2 year old grandson loves Harry and Marv!  He insists on watching this movie and I always laugh at these characters.  It's a fun movie for all ages.<br /><br />I thought the vendor was prompt in the delivery of the dvd and I was happy about that too.
I always loved this movie as a kid, so it is great to have it in my collection!
I recall watching this movie when I was young. My son (almost 5) loves this movie. Oldie but goodie!
I would deal with this seller again, product was as stated and the shipping was efficient.
Ah, Home Alone. Any kid who grew up in the 90's has probably seen this classic at least 5 times. Who could forget Culkin's hilarious performance as Kevin, or the infamous booby traps that the Wet Bandits had to go through?<br /><br />The story is simple enough. The McCallister family is spending their Christmas in France. The youngest, Kevin, hates his family for the way they treat him, especially his older brother, Buzz. After getting into a fight, Kevin wishes to never see them again.<br /><br />In the morning, Kevin wakes up to find he is home alone. The family left for France, and due to a counting mistake, forgot Kevin. Now as the family tries to get back to the US, Kevin has the time of his life and eludes obstacles such as the downstairs furnace, the creepy neighbor next door, and the Wet Bandits, Harry and Marv.<br /><br />What can I say? Even though it's a family film, I enjoy it even to this day. Culkin does great for a child actor, there's a lot of humor, some slapstick, and the booby traps are well thought of.<br /><br />It might be a little late to watch it this Christmas, but even in the middle of July it's a great film to watch. Any 90's buff should pick this up.
Ever since I was a kid, I've loved this movie! Now that I'm 18, I still love it! After a fight with his smokin' hot mom, Kevin is accidentally left at home, alone! He gets groceries, washes clothes, gets into his brother's stuff, and lets a huge scary spider loose in the house. To make matters worse, two thieves named Harry and Marv want to rob the house. Kevin sets booby traps all around the house to stop them. If you love Christmas, and family comedies, you'll love HOME ALONE!!!
The movie industry has seen all kinds of great Christmas films,and one of those films happens to be,by far,"Home Alone". Truth be told,while "Home Alone" may not have the Christmas spirit that other classic Christmas films such as "The Santa Claus" and "A Christmas Story" have,its own unique Christmas spirit,blended in with a dark,rebellious side,make it an instant Christmas classic....one of the best Christmas films EVER released.<br /><br />Here,Macaulay Culkin (in his first major role,following his minor role in "Uncle Buck")stars as Kevin McCallister. And despite the fact that Kevin is only eight years old,Kevin being the youngest in his large and rich family makes him the family outcast. Yes,even Kevin's parents,Peter (John Heard)and Kate (Catherine O'Hara)allow Kevin to be the outcast in the family and don't even take his side in a family argument that involves Kevin. This is what leads into to Kevin being an unhappy and dissatisfied child.<br /><br />However,one day,Kevin finds himself happiness and freedom. This is when his parents,after sleeping in,hustle the whole family together to fly to Paris for Christmas. After forgetting to wake up Kevin and a miscounting of the family,Kevin is left home alone without the rest of the family. And,while Peter and Kate McCallister are left searching frantically for Kevin once they discover they left him behind,things are different for Kevin. Kevin,who is glad that he has freedom from his disliked family,decides to take advantage of being home alone,with only one thing to worry about:his neighbor,"Old Man" Marley (Roberts Blossom),who is believed to be a murderer.<br /><br />And then,once Kevin finds that he is safe from Marley,more worries for Kevin arise--which,this time,find Kevin having to take action. This is when a couple of infamous and unintelligent Chicago burglars,The Wet Bandits,consisting of Harry(Joe Pesci)and Marv(Daniel Stern),begin keeping their eye on Kevin's house (think a smaller White House in this instance),hoping to rob it. Kevin is able to save himself a few times and trick Harry and Marv. But,when Harry and Marv pay more closer attention to the house and realize that Kevin is home alone,the party begins,with Harry and Marv finding themselves up against Kevin once they have entered Kevin's house,and are finding themselves losing the little "war" that Kevin has launched against them with his so-called booby traps.<br /><br />The one thing that people continue to question about "Home Alone" is the fact that it has so-called "violence" in it. Unless you do not want your child watching any film that has any way,shape,or form of violence in it,this film is nothing to worry about otherwise. The violence here is minor violence to the point of being childish,and helps the film both entertaining and suitable,while it works well for the black comedy feel that the plot for this film has to it. So,if you want a nice Christmas film with good humor and good actors (John Candy even has a small role in this film),"Home Alone" is one film that is not to be missed out on,especially during the holiday and the excellent bonus feautures that this DVD has on it (the VHS version of this movie works fine,but has no bonus feautures on it at all--what a dissapointment),along with well-written holiday values and essential lessons,at the same time.
Home Alone is a classic.  Almost all movies directed at children these days are silly and unwatchable for anyone over the age of ten.  So let's take it back to the 90s.<br /><br />Almost every scene in this movie is memorable, and both the cast and the soundtrack is perfect.  Marley, AKA "The South Bend Shovel Slayer" is a particularly interesting character, and his reconciliation with his son and granddaughter is a superb subplot.  Of course, no review of Home Alone can be complete without a reference to Kevin's booby-trapping of the house.  That was complete genius.<br /><br />While many people have said that there is too much violent, bad parenting, etc., I feel this movie should be taken as it is-- a film that can make the young and old alike smile.<br /><br />10/10 Classic.
I am so thankful I was still able to find Home Alone and Home Alone 2 that were not DVD's.  Some of us still only have VCR's and I am thankful Amazon still offers these.  My grandchildren loved these movies and now my great-grandchildren are totally into Kevin and where could I find these so they can watch them at my house.  At Amazon!
This movie has become one of my holiday favorites!<br /><br />Macauley Culkin is hilarious as Kevin McAlister, a little boy who's family accidentally leaves him when they travel to Paris.  His quick thinking and outrageous antics had me laughing out loud!<br /><br />I also thought that Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern were really funny as the two burglars trying to break into the McAlister house.  Their interactions with each other and with Culkin really made the movie, in my opinion!<br /><br />Bottom line:  This is a must-see, and a must-buy for any Christmas lover!
HOME ALONE IS A HYSTARICALLY FUNNY MOVIE DANIEL STERN AND JOE PESCI ARE HYSTARICALLY FUNNY YOU COULD OWN IT ON VIDEO CASSETTE AND YOU COULD OWN IT ON DVD IT'S VERY FUNNY<br /><br />PLEASE EMAIL ME bsfilippi@sbcglobal.net<br /><br />BENJAMIN SANTINO FILIPPI BRECKSVILLE OHIO
It is reasonably hard to imagine that there's anyone who hasn't seen this film before. I like this films for many reasons, the first being that it is somewhat of a dream for every child, or person who used to be a child, to want their family to disappear and have the whole house to themselves. Anyway, the idea of Kevin being left behind while the family takes a trip to Paris is very unlikely, but in the way it's portrayed in the film at least it's theoretically possible. Kevin busies himself having fun and doing all the things he ever wanted to do around the house. However, two very inept burglars, Harry and Marv, have his house targeted. I like the way Kevin is portrayed as a kid who doesn't fit in with his family, and wishes they were gone, only to find himself missing them soon after they leave.<br /><br />The comedy in the film is great, with moments I still find myself laughing at. The music by John Williams is another definate plus, mixing his own music with contemporary and classic Christmas songs, the climax sequence is still the best, and not too over the top. One thing I really liked is how, once Kevin's family leaves, he's in his own world, which involves Old Man Marley and Marv and Harry. Once the crooks are hauled off to jail, Kevin's parents come home and there's no evidence to suggest that things were ever different, except for one gold tooth. It would be impossible for the parents to ever interact with Marv and Harry as burglars, definately a comedy classic.
I recently bought this DVD, and i must say it just doesn't disappoint. I remember it was one of my many favourite movies when i was growing up, and it was always fun. Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern give tremendous performances in this movie too. The casting is just so perfect..Macaulay Culkin as "Kevin"..Catherine O'Hara as "Kevin's Mother"..Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern as the frustrated and bumbling burglars..right down to "Kevin's" brother, who's name escapes me right now, and John Candy, who has a small part as the "Polka King of the Midwest". But really every actor in this movie seems to just be so natural for the parts they play.<br /><br />If you haven't already seen this movie, i suggest you do so as soon as possible. It's truly a classic and will have you laughing at the ingenius ways "Kevin" booby-traps his house. The movie starts out with "Kevin's" family getting ready for a Christmas Vacation to France, that they'll go on the next morning. "Kevin" is left on the outer it seems, as his family have no time for him while they all pack their belongings for the trip. He then gets into a fight with his older brother and is sent up to the attic to spend the night. The next morning, the family sleeps-in and in the hurry to the airport, forgets that Kevin is still up in the attic..<br /><br />The movie really picks up though, when the burglars (Pesci and Stern) finally try and enter the house. Their plan at first seems to be about stealing valuables, but it quickly turns to "Get that kid!!", which in turn produces some of the funniest material in a Family/Comedy i've really ever seen. "Kevin" is just a genius with how he rigs the house as a massive booby-trap basically, and the burglars are extremely funny with the way they get so frustrated.<br /><br />This DVD also comes with Scene Access, allowing you to immediately go to any scene in the movie without fast-forwarding. It also has Multiple Language Subtitles, and the Original Movie Trailers for Home Alone 1, 2 and 3. With 3, in my personal opinion, being the least appealing of the series.<br /><br />I think this movie is a classic, and will have you laughing along with it until the end. It's a great comedy, that you don't have to watch with anyone if you don't want to. You can watch it by yourself and get just as much enjoyment out of it. I also suggest seeing Home Alone 2, which is a pretty good sequel that keeps most of the same cast from the first movie, such as Macaulay Culkin, Daniel Stern and Joe Pesci to name a few.
Although this isn't the classic Christmas film that Frank Capra's &quot;It's A Wonderful Life&quot; is, &quot;Home Alone&quot; is a film I'll usually see each holiday season. It's definitely not in the same league as Capra's film, yet it is a guilty pleasure that I'll watch eagerly. I really don't know why I find it so pleasurable. I suppose it is the over the top slapstick humor of Culkin's, Pesci's and Stern's characters. Joe Pesci, better known for his fine portrayals of Mafia wiseguys, is funnier as a bumbling thief here than as the wise-cracking informant in the &quot;Lethal Weapon&quot; series. Culkin isn't nearly as funny as Pesci or Stern, but is still worth watching. This film is noteworthy for being among the earliest screen appearances of two critically acclaimed actresses from New York City; Hope Davis and fellow Stuyvesant High School alum Angela Goethals (Oddly enough as I write this, both Culkin and his &quot;sister&quot;, Angela Goethals, are currently appearing on stage; I will leave it to the reader to guess who is getting more praise for his/her acting.). Angela Goethals may yet become the 21st Century Helen Hayes. Chris Columbus' hilarious script, superb direction, and excellent performances from most of his cast make "Home Alone" a guilty pleasure worth seeing at any time of the year, not only during Christmas.
I saw "Home Alone" when it came out,and agin recently on this new DVD.It hasn't dated one bit.It's still one of the funniest movies ever made,and the best Christmas film since "Miracle On 34th Street".The story is funny<br /><br />and sometimes touching,especially in the church scene with Kevin and Mr.Marley.The cast is wonderful.Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern are hilarious.<br /><br />Catherine O'Hara,John Heard,and Roberts Blossom are delightful.And it's easy to see why Macaulay Culkin became a star with this film.He is cute and totally endearing.He really puts the film over the top.John Hughes's<br /><br />script is laugh-out-loud funny and moving at times.Chris Columbus's direction is letter-perfect,and he shows a knack for drawing the best from his actors.He especially gets great and realistic performances from all the kids.John Williams wraps it all up in one of his loveliest scores.<br /><br />"Somewhere In My Memory" is one of his most beautiful and memorable melodies."Home Alone" is a family classic.Sit back and enjoy!
One of my favorite movies, my son (age 5) also enjoys this movie along with Home Alone 2 Lost in New York, he thinks it's hilarious when Kevin fights back the thieves with his painfully funny traps.
i cannot believe it has been almost 19 years since this movie came out. i remember when it first came out and seeing it in theaters. hard to believe i was only 5 years old at the time.  still enjoy watching it after all these years. it is a wonderful heartwarming family comedy. i am so happy to have it in my collection and everybody else should have it in there's too.
I highly recommend Amazon.com to purchase anything from. I find they have the cheapest prices and my order is sent out immediately. I love these guys and will continue to shop throughout the year with Amazon.com. I have been ordering items since last April and throughout Christmas this year and have never had a problem. I receive all my items in just a few days. I can't ask for anything better than that. Thank you again for being there for me when I need or want something.....Gwen Aquinto
this movies will always be a favorite not just in my home but I'm willing to bet most others.
It is a classic Christmas movie. I am glad it is now a part of my collection.
My VHS was replaced with DVD so it was time to upgrade my Home Alone video. It's been a favorite Christmas movie since it came out.  Macaulay Culkin was so cute in this one...
My husband and I loved this film. We enjoyed seeing how this boy was such a good actor. We laughed and laughed when he goes through his brothers things and the spider gets out.
This movie is a great family movie, it's kind of old, the main character is all grown up now, but it has a timeless feeling to it, except for the lack of cell phones. It's great, now it's on DVD. You should probably buy it because your VHS copy is getting worn out. As a sidenote, no special features except for a theatrical trailer, but does it really need any?<br />K BYE!
I received this item in a timely manner and was very pleased with this transaction.
I don't know who Tom Keogh is, but he wrote a review that seems to be on behalf of Amazon.com about this film, and one has to wonder if he ever saw the movie.  He mentions Culkin's character meeting two strangers, naming Billie Bird and John Candy.  Well, Culkin's character never met them, the character's mother, played by Catherine O'Hara meets them as she tries to get back home to her son.  Sheesh, way to go, Tom!  Anyway, it IS a great film, and I'm glad the studio finally came out with a version on DVD that includes some nice extras.  Way to go 20th Century Fox!
I love this movie and watch it every Christmas season. I grew up watching it as a kid. Good family movie.<br />Not a fan of the Home Alone II or III. The original is the best.
MOVIE #1: CHILDREN LEFT BEHIND/ALONE .... CARELESS SUPERVISION BY PARENTS GOING ON VACATION ....<br />MOVIE #2: CHILDREN LEFT BEHIND .... CARELESS SUPERVISION BY PARENTS GOING ON VACATION....<br />MOVIE #3: CHILDREN LEFT ALONE .... CARELESS SUPERVISION BY PARENTS WORKING WITHOUT A NANNY IN HOMEE.....<br />MOVIE #4: not yet watched by me....
I watch this film a lot, mainly because of the huge house in Chicago - beautiful! Plot makes no sense but one can't get distracted by that. It's just fun to see and the music is great, lots of Christmas selections that are classics.
This great movie was filmed in Chicago's north shore, and lots of New Trier High School students tried out to be extras in the film. Two of those students chosen were my two daughters. They are having fun watching it again - reliving memories of that experience.
MY SON JUST LOVES THIS MOVIE, IT CAME WAY BEFORE IT WAS SAID, AND EVEN WITH THE CHRISTMAS SEASON, IT WAS HERE EARLY. I OREDERD THIS MOIVE ON DEC 23 AND RECEIVED IT ON DEC 28TH THANK YOU.
This was a Christmas gift, it was no where to be found at stores;  fast delivery, excellent product.
This is a classic Christmas time kids movie. A must watch (though I always felt the second one was the best)
I have to say that this hilarious, slapstick-filled romp is absolutely and positively the funniest comedy ever about parental neglect.
Home Alone is a great family family will enjoy and I recomend it for all ages. Macaulay Culkin is a terrific actor and he will own this role for the rest of his life. Nobody can take his place.
macaulay Im nazar I want to see you in my laive please becouse you are my derem
Home Alone, staring Macaulay Culkin (Home Alone 2) and directed by Chris Columbus (Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone), is a childish movie.  A very childish movie.  One that succeeds in entertaining but something that you enjoy as a little kid and laugh at when you're an adult.  Even the concept of the movie is dumb.  Like I said, it is not funny, it's just entertaining.  Let me tell you something comedy fans:  Seeing adults being destroyed by a ten year old child does not sound so "realistic" to me.  Otherwise, it's a pure treat for the whole family.  <p>Home Alone tells the story of Kevin McCallister, a ten year old boy who finds that his parents accidentally left him behind during their trip.  Just when he starts to celebrate, he discovers that the Wet Bandits (Joe Pesci, Goodfellas, and Daniel Stern, Bushwhacked), a group of robbers, are in his neighborhood.  After seeing numerous wanted reports on TV, Kevin decides to take on the Wet Bandits.  The last twenty minutes of the movie shows us the colossal battle between Kevin and the Wet Bandits.  Since this is a children's movie, the children always win and that's what makes this movie way too predictable.  <p>Despite the Wet Bandit's stupidity, Home Alone will not disappoint.  Kids surely will enjoy it but parents, I suggest you slowly sneak out of the room.  Besides, there's nothing really violent in the film except the fight between Kevin and the bandits though it doesn't even include one drop of blood.  I think movie is loved by kids not because of it's actors but because of the violence.  Kids today hardly ever see a red-blooded R-rated action movie and this is like a free ticket to seeing people getting beat up.  Especially by a kid.  What also disappoints me about the movie is that Macaulay Culkin overpowers the adults and bandits in intelligence.  Several plans, such as Culkin setting up a room of cardboard figures to confuse the robbers, is simply not believable and a normal child could not possible make up these ideas.  This was not a screenplay meant for John Hughes but oh well.  The performances are satisfying but not excellent and the script is OK.  Overall, 3 stars.<p>Movie:  Home Alone<br />Actors/Actresses - Macaulay Culkin, Joe Pesci, Daniel Stern, Catherine O'Hara, John Candy<br />Time: 100 minutes<br />Rated PG for some scenes of childish violence
home aloneis porably one of the ulimtmate familymovies.I frist saw it when i was 12. i then proccedto see two moretimesin the theatres. then i got the  video. now iam 22 and stil llike it.culkin gives a good perfomance proboly  because he flimed it before he hit it big.i thiunk he did not want tobe a  big star and thats why some of his later perfomance were not as good anyway  this is cute and good movie.
Yes, I know, I'm in the minority.  The world loves this movie, and I've never understood why.  I saw it in the theater when it first came out, and the people around me were literally hanging onto their chairs to keep from falling into the aisles laughing.  I never saw anything to even chuckle about as I sat in the streaming cinamatic light and watched them more than the movie, rather in awe....and a bit confused. Okay, the bad guys get burned and hit in the head with a paint can, etc, etc., etc. The courageous little kid wins out. I could root for him, but I failed to see the humor. There are all kinds of humor. This one, obviously, isn't mine. Just wanted to add my 2 cents worth.
I have always enjoyed this film.<br />20 years later I still say it was over hyped when released & became the hit it did.<br /><br />And, yes the character Kevin was acting bad.  Any parent would have grounded him at least.<br /><br />The slap stick comedy was the hit here.  Did take enough time to get to the funny parts.<br /><br />COURSE with this large group no 1 thought to set another clock to ensure they got up in time.  BUT that would not have lead to the film.  Just to point out these things.  PUT the passports, tickets in a safe place not on a counter to get milk spilled on them.<br /><br />We do get the points of the film about family.  The build to the story on the neighbor after the story Buzz told about him that he was just a lonely man who missed his family.<br /><br />Good to see the late John Candy in here after the 1989 hit Uncle Buck where he & Culkin worked together there.<br /><br />There are plenty of extras on this DVD.<br /><br />BUT, MY COMPLAINT & I HAVE HAD THIS COMPLAINT FOR SOME TIME NOW.  They used the cheap, intentional holes in them plastic DVD case.  I HATE these.  Cheap, can damage your DVD so you can go out & buy another.<br /><br />No chapter search list.<br /><br />You will enjoy the film & the extras here JUST BE CAREFUL WHEN STORING THE DVD WITH THE CHEAP PLASTIC CASE WITH INTENTIONAL HOLES IN IT.
Product was great and in good condition. The price was a bit high though for a used DVD.
This is one of the most hilarious movie I had ever seen. I highly recommand it to  anyone who had a sense of humor. The most funny part is at the last half hour.<p>I HIGHLY RECOMMAND IT
Simply said, this movie is scary. Scary as it it frightens me how a child could be left home during christmas of all time. DURING CHRISTMAS!<br /><br />How the director got this poor family to go along with this idea, even for a film is beyond my comprehension.<br /><br />To make matters worse, he manages to convince two over-the-hill, hanging by a threat "B" actors to protray thieves "aka the wetty bandits" and scare kevin. Luckily kevin is a pretty resourceful kid, and with the help of michael jordan, rin-tin-tin the K9 cop, and a sassy spider owned by kevin's brother budd, kevin manages to get the upper hand and rule the land!<br /><br />DO NOT MISS THIS MOVIE!!!!!
Esta pel&iacute;cula es un clasico. Mis hijos de 6 y 7 a&ntilde;os no se cansan de verla.<br /><br />Claudia<br /><br />Caracas-Venezuela
For this one who as envy to become again a child, this movie is for him, JOE PESCI change of register with DANIEL STERN who forms a very strange team who's confronted with a very small adversary but also so very malicious and effective against them, they will pay whith a painful destiny their ernormous errors whitch consist to fink that an homely kid don't represent a serious fanger or problem for them, the pitfalls, snares will are their nights, their dailys ! For the more great joy of everybody who look this marvellous comedy ! VERY FUNNY ! I've liked any comedian, the father the mother rhe brothers of MAC KAULEY KULKIN ? HUM ! The young actor who play the hero what ! Of this splendid DVD MOVIE ! THERE IS NOT ENOUGHT SAME MOVIES IN THIS ACTUAL WORLD !!! One of my bests comedys for me !
I agree this is a classic I had been waiting the past few years for them to release a beter version of this movie. I knew they had to and were gonna eventually.
This is by far the best christmas movie of all time because its mixture of comedy and some sort of actions.<br /><br />The strange thing is that i am watching this movie at the this very moment,and its not even christmas WEIRD.(By Jay byrne)<br /><br />Also i have to say this is a christmas classic and should not be put down as a bad kids movie, its alot more than that its a film for all ages.<br /><br />What is brillant about the acting in this movie...is Joe Pesci!! It really shows his flexibilty as an actor. I mean look at the likes of 'Goodfellas'...he plays a physco gangster!! THen in this film he is funny character with many humbles of fun.(Al Breso)<br /><br />Its a brillant movie with a great sence of humour,<br /><br />'Merry Christmas, ya filthy animal........and  a happy new year'
This is definetely a movie for everyone! I've been watching this film since I was a little kid and I still enjoy watching it now as much as I did when this movie first came out. This movie is filled with lots of laughs that will have you laughing through the movie. It also has some very touching scenes. Even to today, I am so moved by some particular scenes that I just want to burst out crying. But, this movie is a lot of fun and I will give my guranteed recommendation on this movie anyday!
HOME ALONE was very successful in its theatrical run and its popularity has proven to be enduring. Small wonder. This is a very funny and entertaining movie. Kevin, the youngest member of his family, goes to bed wishing his family would disappear. The following morning finds his family in a rush to get to the airport to catch their flight to Paris, where they are going to spend the Christmas holiday, and running very late. In the hubbub, Kevin gets left behind. He awakens to find that his wish seems to have been granted; he's been left home alone. His elation at finding he's the "man of the house" is only one of many great scenes in this movie. Macaulay Culkin shines as Kevin. Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern are also very funny as a pair of burglars working the neighborhood.<br /><br />The editorial reviewer here comments that the "violence" in the later stages of HOME ALONE is "over the top". Over the top of what? There are no knives or machine guns in evidence here. Some broken christmas tree ornaments, a red hot doorknob, a couple of paint cans, some icy stairs, a b-b gun ... this is the kind of violence we're talking about here. Realistically, yeah, these burglars are ridiculously inept and somebody could get seriously hurt on slippery concrete steps, but as theatrical violence goes this is pretty harmless stuff. Pretty funny stuff, too.<br /><br />This is a classically funny movie and one the whole family can enjoy. If you haven't seen it, give yourself a treat. If you're like me, you'll want your own copy so you can watch it whenever the mood hits. With Christmas a central part of the plot, HOME ALONE works especially well during the holiday season. Five stars and strongly recommended.
Home Alone is the highly successful and beloved family comedy about a young boy named Kevin (Macauley Culkin) who is accidentally left behind when his family takes off for a vacation in France over the holiday season. Once he realizes they've left him &quot;home alone,&quot; he learns to fend for himself and, eventually has to protect his house against two bumbling burglars (Joe Pesci, Daniel Stern) who are planning to rob every house in Kevin's suburban Chicago neighborhood. Though the film's slapstick ending may be somewhat violent, Culkin's charming presence helped the film become one of the most successful ever at the time of its release.
This is a really cute family movie.  Definitely one to buy if you are tired of being stuck watching cartoon "family" movies with your kids.
To the delight of little children everywhere, a film like `Home Alone' really never goes out of style.  Sure, the subsequent sequels pale in comparison and tend to overstay their welcome a bit, and yes that same overuse can ware on the integrity and adoration of the original, but when the dust settles and the smoke clears there are still bountiful smiles to be found in a group of people watching this film.  As some have mentioned, it can get over the top, but isn't that what we are paying for here.<br /><br />How else would an eight-year-old boy get one-up on two dim-witted thieves if it wasn't `over the top'!<br /><br />The film tells the story of underappreciated Kevin McCallister.  Brother to four siblings who pick on him and son to two parents who are apparently distracted by life in general, Kevin has had it.  He just wants to be alone.  In preparing for a family vacation in Paris, the McCallister house is bombarded by family and countless other little rug rats who clutter every crevice of the house making it pretty easy to lose track of who is who and who is where; which is precisely why the McCallister family makes their way across the globe to Paris without young Kevin.  Fooled by his young mind into thinking that his family's disappearance was his fault, Kevin finds himself initially gleeful over his newfound freedom (a house all to himself), but soon he encounters two thieves who didn't count on Kevin's presence when they broke into the McCallister home.  The night gets interesting as Kevin fends for himself with witty and highly improbable tactics, while his parents lose their minds overseas to the point where his mother stops at nothing to get home.<br /><br />Yes, there is much about `Home Alone' that is beyond ridiculous, but one thing that isn't ridiculous is Macaulay Culkin's performance.  For such a young boy, he slays this.  He's hilarious, totally three-dimensional (in a performance that could have become generically one-note) and truly believable, even when he's engaged in highly unbelievable activities.  He just oozes a charisma and charm that defies his age and creates a legendary character.  There are few actors who create such unforgettable screen images, but everyone (even people who haven't ever seen this film) will recognize that adorable little face pressed between two hands with that wide open scream.  Yes, Culkin is unforgettable.<br /><br />So, at the end of the day, `Home Alone' is a lot of fun.  At times it is cheap fun, and if we're going to be completely honest it is Culkin who really remains the most endearing and memorable facet of this film (if his performance had not been genius then this film would not be a landmark) but none of that matters with a film so rich with nostalgia.<br /><br />You have to love it!
Just a great FUN movie.  Saw it in the theater upon original release with my wife and kids.  What fun.  One of the really 'Feel Good' movies.
The Movie gets 5 stars ...But the Picture isn't crisp enough for my taste I don't think they remastered it nor does it say anything about it on the box....I will keep it because there is know replace at this time except Blu-Ray and that might have same concerns.
This is one of the best comedies I have ever seen. There is nothing to be said except to just get yourself a copy to watch today. Oh, and another good comedy to watch is the sequel.
Home Alone is one of the top grosing films ever and is a family classic but it's not a great film. Yes the film is funny and it's a fun family film for the whole family but it's not a great film. Maybe I dont find it great becouse I've seen it so maney times and i dont find the traps funny anymore(I liekd the traps in the sequal better). The story is un beievale as a boy is left home alone by mistake during christmas and he sets the house full of traps to catch 2 bumbling robbers. Culkien is great and Stern and Pesi are funny. The movie is a good christmas film.
Is Elvis in this movie? is that him waiting in line at the airport? why don't we get told the truth? go to (...)
Home Alone, Home Alone 2 and Christmas Vacation are holiday classics for me.
Eight-year-old Kevin is left home alone in the midst of the rush to catch a plane to Paris.  Although he feels rather lonely being alone in a big house with no siblings or parents, he also makes the most of having the house to himself, especially when he finds out that burglars are planning to break into it.<br /><br />This was a really good movie!  It doesn't make my favorites list, but it was very entertaining and occasionally laugh-out-loud funny.  Some parts were a teeny bit sickening, but you can expect that in any movie.  The main thing that I thought was nice was that the bad guys were both funny AND threatening at the same time.  Sometimes bad guys are just so goofy that it's hard to believe that they really have any evil in them.  But the bady guys in "Home Alone" were a nice mix of evil and funny.  Overall, I'm glad I gave this movie a chance.  Although I don't recommend it for small children as some parts could be creepy, I think kids 8+ will love it.
In the Eighties, John Hughes churned out a handful of movies and scored many, many hits. Quite rightly, as most of them were seriously funny - I'm DEFINITELY not referring to Curly Sue, so relax! In one particular scene from Uncle Buck, Macaulay Culkin interrogates a babysitter through the letterbox to make sure she's not a baddie. This inspired Hughes to write a whole new movie. Who would have known that this and its sequel would go on to become two of the biggest hits of all time? Both Hughes and Chris Columbus seem to prefer setting their movies during the holiday season (Gremlins, Young Sherlock Holmes, Planes, Trains & Automobiles, Christmas Vacation) and manage to pull them off without too much sentiment, or sickening amounts of gooey love.<br /><br />There are two reasons why Home Alone was such a big success. The first is that it's about a kid who outsmarts grown-ups, something that happens every day, only there's a worldwide conspiracy of silence. This movie yells it out loud and clear. The second is John Williams's magical score, which elevates the movie way above slapstick family fare to something more serious and regarded. It was nominated for an Academy Award, along with the Christmas carol Somewhere In My Memory, but lost to John Barry's Dances with Wolves. Damn! In a mad rush to the airport one morning, the McCallister family forget one little thing...Kevin (Culkin). He is an eight-year-old kid who wants nothing better than a peaceful Christmas and some time to himself. It's hard for him to get this when living in a house with seven other people(the exact same house from Planes, Trains And Automobiles, don't you know. With the rest of the McCallisters in Paris, Kevin runs wild doing whatever he wants, eating whatever he wants and watching whatever TV show he wants.<br /><br />But there's one major problem. The Wet Bandits, Harry (Joe Pesci) and Marv (Daniel Stern), are on the prowl and have knocked off every other house in Kevin's street. His is next. And seeing that he's man-of-the-house now, he HAS to defend it.<br /><br />Using whatever tools are at his disposal (rusty nails, blow torches, Micro Machines) he sets up a labyrinth of booby traps, so that the Wets can't break in. Their idiot-proof determination proves to be their downfall, as they are tortured and torn-up upon entering Kevin's domain.<br /><br />Although this is not the only point of the film, there is an important message that family is what really matters to a child, or to anyone, and having them home for the holidays is better than wandering a huge house all by yourself.<br /><br />There are some movies that work best at Christmas and this is one of them. I'm not saying that in a couple of decades it will be the new It's A Wonderful Life (which is very overrated and not really an Xmas movie at all), but it will be remembered fondly at the very least.<br /><br />The Blu Ray looks great in 1.85:1 1080p, and has lots of features.
Are you looking for that one holiday movie to get you into the Christmas spirit? Are you looking for a movie that has comedy, family love, and suspense all in one? Say no more, I have the answer, Home Alone.<br /><br />Kevin McCallister, an eight year old boy was mistakenly left home alone by his family who flew off to Paris, and now he must defend his house from two bungling burglars with unrealistic but cleaver booby-traps, while his family desperately tries to get home to him.<br /><br />This hilarious and heartwarming movie was made for all ages. It has a certain serenity to it, but it's still suspenseful. Its one of those movies where you can watch it over and over again, and the funny parts you laughed at the first time, you're still laughing at the second and third time. Many holiday movies are about finding the "meaning of Christmas". Though Christmas does play a big part in this movie, I believe this movie is about finding the meaning in ones family.<br /><br />Although this movie is a tad bit impractical, it still gives you the feeling of the holiday spirit. It has a great sound track, a great story line, and impressive acting. There are many unforgettable lines such as, "I made my family disappear", and "I'm going to give you till the count of ten, to get your ugly, yella, no good keester off my property, before I pump your guts full of lead." And scenes where Kevin is in the bathroom and makes that prominent face when he's yelling with his hands on his cheeks.<br /><br />This movie is rated one of the top ten Christmas movies and on the top twenty best sellers list. It's definitely one of my favorites and will always be. It's always been a tradition that I've watched this classic every year during Christmas time with my family. And yes, it still makes me laugh, every time, and will for years to come.
Version: U.S.A / FOX / Region A<br />Aspect ratio: 1.85:1<br />MPEG-4 AVC BD-50 / BD+ / High Profile 4.1<br />Running time: 1:42:55<br />Movie size: 32,91 GB<br />Disc size: 41,80 GB<br />Total bit rate: 42.64 Mbps<br />Average video bit rate: 33.18 Mbps<br />Subtitles: English SDH, Spanish, Portuguese, Korean, Cantonese, Mandarin<br />Number of chapters: 25<br /><br />#Audio Commentary<br />#The Making of Home Alone (19m:25s)<br />#1990 Press Featurette (3m:52s)<br />#Mac Cam: Behind the Scenes (4m:46s)<br />#How to Burglar-Proof Your Home: The Stunts of Home Alone (7m:04s)<br />#Home Alone Around the World (3m:53s)<br />#Where's Buzz Now? (3m:03s)<br />#Angels with Filthy Souls (2m:06s)<br />#Deleted Scenes & Alternate Takes (15m:04s)<br />#Blooper Reel (2:04)
This is by far the best christmas movie i have ever seen in my life.Its so funny and really entertaining for children, teenagers and adults.You wont complain about this film its terrific.If you like this film try checking out the awsome sequel Home alone 2.
Now-Classic Christmas Movie.  The movie still feels modern (kid telling mom to shutup early on in the movie), but becomes in the end more traditional family values/treasure of family.  I love this movie mainly for the hilarious trap setups (ice, tack, toys, BB gun, and on and on).  Movie is carried by McCauley Culkin.  One of last appearances of John Candy before he died.  **Great on BluRay- the sound of the Christmas choir in church was incredible**
Purchased the movie for my grandson,6 years old. All he watches is animated movies and it was about time for him to be introduced to what I call a real movie.<br />He really loved it and enjoyed every minute of it. Laughed,laughed and laughed was surprised I purchased the Home Alone 2 for him as well.
Just watched The Blu-Ray edition of Home Alone. And thought it was wonderful. At first I was not going to get Home Alone on Blu-Ray as I already had it on DVD.But when I scene that Amazon was selling it for $14.99 I caved and order it. Thought the 1080p picture was pretty good.I thought The DTS-HD audio was great. John Williams soundtrack sounded awsome in Lossless.Plus the Christmas music thats heard in the movie sounded great too. Realy cool Blu-Ray. And now I see Home Alone 2 will be making it to Blu-Ray this fall along with Miracle on 34th Street orginal version,and the remake. And the 1951 version of A Christmas Carol is making the leap to Blu-Ray this fall too. And I think Paramount is planing on bringing Its A Wonderfull Life to Blu-Ray this Christmas as well?Nice! I love Christmas movies!
We've all grown up with this, what can I say, it's a fun movie that takes me back.  I love it even as an adult!
Wonderfully entertaining for all ages. My 5 yr. old grandson and I laughed and laughed during this movie.  What fun!  I recommend it for a delightful evening of fun.
Great comedy hilarity! Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern play two bumbling crooks to perfection. Macaulay Culkin plays the boy genius when it comes to defending his home to the hilt too! No Christmas is complete without this movie. Kevin McCalister is left home alone after a power outage and a wrong head count of the kids only to be discovered on the airplane. Kevin goes through his brother buzz's room, gets to know his neighbor that Buzz told him was the southbend shovel slayer that Kevin is terrified of. Watch this if you need a laugh.
This movie ranks with The Princess Bride and It's a Wonderful Life as one of the greatest family movies ever. It gets off to a slow start, but once the action gets going, it's a very entertaining movie and holds one's interest until the very end. I guess this was the movie that catapulted McCauley Culkin to stardom, although now 15 years later I don't recall his doing anything else after the childhood years. But anyway, for a dull Friday night with the family you can liven things up with this movie. McCauley's clever traps for the two bungling burglers are a delight to watch as he repeatedly foils the attempts of the two grown-ups. Also, the clever way the director sets up the scene that shows how a child could have been overlooked and left behind is very clever, and all too plausible. (I won't say anything here so as not to have any spoilers). The movie is probably a classic and still worth watching today.
One of our family's favorite Christmas movies. I can only hope that my child could function if I accidentally left him at home alone over the Christmas holidays! The movie brings laughter EVERY time we watch it. Yes, in the beginning there is disrespectfulness but that just gives it a point to start the being thankful for family result in the end.<br /><br />A sweet family movie for the whole family.
I am EXTREMELY happy that this movie finally made it to DVD because this is one of the most exciting and nicest holiday and family movies ever made. Everything from beginning to the end reminds me of the Back to the Future movies - when I watch that movie, I always notice something interesting, familiar, funny, or exciting when I see those movies and Home Alone. Many people may not like this DVD release because of inferior picture and sound quality and lack of bonus features - I THINK THIS DVD IS GREAT! Of course, the only bonus features on this DVD are the trailers to the Home Alone trilogy, and the sound is only stereo, but still, that's great because I LOVE THIS MOVIE! You know, because I love the funny parts - including the fake movie Kevin watches and uses to scare off the pizza guy and the villians (I always wanted to try that!) The fake movie, in case you didn't know, is translated into foreign languages as well! Speaking of which, this DVD comes in English, French, and Spanish audio and English subtitles. I've seen this DVD in English sound with closed-captioning from the TV, and on the computer in Spanish sound with English subtitles (still remains Kevin's infamous scream)! Yeah, I'm glad Fox has a Spanish option for this disc because I'm currently finishing up my Spanish class at my prep school and from time to time, I watch DVDs in Spanish (if available; otherwise it's French for the Canadian viewers!) You know, this week or next week, I'm bringing this DVD into Spanish class for my teacher to show. EVERYONE WOULD LAUGH!<p>This is a sweet movie. The DVD may not be the best, but it's still a great buy! Enjoy!<p>sethn172
Young Kevin Mccallister ( Macually Culkin) has been accidently left home alone by his family whom is taking a trip to Paris for christmas vacation, he has the time of his life being alone including defending his home from two bumbling crooks ( Daniel Stern and Joe Pesci).<p>A highly entertaining, well done and nicely produced comedy adventure with humor, warmth, and a meaning. This is one of the best movies i've ever seen, it's a must see movie if you like christmas flicks or adventure flicks.
Okay, Christmas is not Christmas unless we watch Home Alone! This has become quite a classic. And tradition! It is mildy funny, but so innocent and endearing in its quirky way. I really could watch this all day long!
Home Alone has always been one of my favorite Christmas movies, It's funny and entertaining!<p>  The movie is about a boy named Kevin McCallister[Macaulay Culkin] who accidently gets left behind in his home in Chicago when his family goes off on a trip to France. While Kevin is at home, two burglars are trying to break in. The burglars are played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern. One of the burglars was at the house at the beginning, pretending to be a policeman, to check out the house. After Kevin finds out, he sets up a set of booby traps on the night they arrive. Meanwhile, Kevin's mom[Catherine O'Hara] wan'ts to get home as quickly as she can when she finds out that Kevin was left behind. So, instead of going on a plane she travels back to Chicago on a truck with a group of musicians and their polka king of the midwest[John Candy] when they offer to take her home. After the burglars get arrested with one of Kevin's plans, Kevin's mom arrives home with the rest of the family including his dad[John Heard] and they all feel so grateful to see him.<p>  This is a movie your whole  family will enjoy!!!
This is more of a rant than a review.  But I have to ask why is there no special editon of this movie?  It's one of the highest grossing movies of all-time.  I believe at one time it was the highest grossing comedy.  Maybe still is.  It's become a holiday classic right up there with the greats.<p>And yet, all we get is a poor DVD transfer with only a theatrical trailer for an extra?  <p>Home Alone is a great movie.  Every kids dream to have the run of the house, especially if you do have a large family.  The movie has humor, slapstick action, warmth...it's a great movie.<p>Certainly, since all of the particulars are still living and active (except John Candy) we should be able to get some kind of commentary, maybe some current interviews, deleted scenes, etc..<p>Hopefully the studios will come around on this one soon.
Home Alone is an outrageous family comedy without the family. It all began with an 8 year old kid who wants his family to dissapear for various reasons. The family is on their way to their Christmas vacation when they by accidently leave their 8 year old son left home alone. Things are going great for the kid until he meet two burglars that are trying to break in. I can't give a lot of information away because I would ruin the fun of the movie. I hope this review is very helpful!
Man this movie is the bomb.I laughed i cried i give it 2 thumbs up!man this movie is what i call top of its class.The origanl is always better so dont see any other one besides this one!
Home alone is without a doubt the greatest movie ever. I have watched it at least 30 times. If you saw it when you were a youngster then you will surely like it still today.
The climax of this movie, in which an eight-year-old boy booby-traps his house to prevent two burglars from robbing it while his family is away on Christmas vacation, is quite entertaining. He uses ice, tar, fire and whatever else he can find in the house to make even something as simple as walking up the stairs or turning a doorknob a dangerous experience for would-be-robbers.<br /><br />In a more serious movie; one that doesn't sugarcoat its violence in slapstick comedy; the two burglars, named The Wet Bandits because one of them likes to clog the sink and leave the water running when they rob a house, would probably be dead. Here, they just hurt and humiliate themselves in amusing ways. There's a scene involving a spider that's actually laugh-out-loud hilarious.<br /><br />What's annoying is the boy, Kevin. I guess he's supposed to be cute, and he might look cute, but the way he acts; the character and the actor who plays him; is the worst thing about the movie. When a Wet Bandit falls victim to one of his pranks, he celebrates with a "Yes!" When he glides across a sheet of ice to escape a policeman, he lets out an exaggerated "Wooah!" It's just annoying.<br /><br />With that, I think Home Alone would be better if Kevin's character were presented in a more realistic way. I'd also like to see some background to how he's able to come-up with such an ingenius Battle Plan. There are no scenes of him making booby traps before his family mistakenly leaves him home alone; an inclusion that would work wonders for the plot's believability factor.<br /><br />marcellee.com
My grandson gave this higher marks than "It's A Wonderful Life". It was the missing film in the collection of "National Lampoon Christmas Vacation" and "Home Alone 2".
I got this movie very quickly. It plays perfectly. My son and I have already watched it plenty of times. Thank you!
I bought the Home Alone DVD for my Grandson.  They loved it!  My son who is 26yrs old  said, "Why didn't you buy me one?"  He was a young boy when this movie came out.  He loved it so much, he had it memorized.
You just can't go wrong with this movie about a little boy who completely PWNS a pair of robbers who think that his family's house is easy pickings because they're on vacation (he has been accidentally abandoned back at home because of the family's hustle to the airport) The kid gets rather creative with some rather funny gags and booby traps to foil the burglars.
I bought this DVD because my great-granddaughter wanted to see it and I didn't have it in my DVD library.  It's one of the classic "kid" films that can be enjoyed any time of year.  If you haven't seen it, don't miss it.
Arrive quickly. Packaged well. Right item. I enjoyed ordering it off Amazon and not having to drive all around hunting it, and a great price, and delivered to my home.
I received a credit to try out Amazon's OnDemand movie section.  I purchased Home Alone and watched it right on my computer!  Very easy to use.  The only issue I had with the movie was at the very beginning, the picture of the movie was very blurred.  I decided to just restart the movie to see if fixed the problem and it did.  The audio was great.<br /><br />As for the movie content itself, I watched Home Alone growing up and I watch it every year around Christmas time!  We moved and no longer owned a VHS player and didn't really think to look for it on DVD.  I'm thrilled to now own it and can watch it whenever on my computer!
We had a family tradition of watching this Thanksgiving evening, but it as not aired this year.  The family received the DVD for Christmas, and loved watching it again!  It is a classic.
Some movies are made strictly for adults.  Others will bore the heck out of us "seasoned" viewers and appeal only to children.  Luckily, this movie is made for everyone!<br /><br />For a basic plot summary, "Home Alone" sees young Kevin McCalister (Macaulay Culkin) waking up a few days before Christmas in a completely empty house, his extremely large and rather disorganized family having left him behind on their trip overseas.  While the family tries to get back home, Kevin must outwit a pair of two-bit thieves (played by Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern) who want nothing more than to loot his home.<br /><br />What really makes this film special is the wide appeal of the humor.  One could literally sit down with the entire family (from young to old) and watch this movie, and everyone would be laughing all the way through.  From young Kevin's attempts at "holding down the fort", to the bumbling burglars played brilliantly by two veteran actors, this is the type of movie that you will be quoting long after the TV is turned off.<br /><br />Thus, I highly recommend "Home Alone" to quite literally anyone, especially during the Christmas season.  If you have a list of "Must-See" holiday movies, this one should be right next to Frosty, "Wonderful Life", and claymation Rudolph!
"Home Alone", first released in 1990, has endured as a funny, classic holiday movie.  It mixes some superb physical comedy with a wistful tale of a little boy who, for Christmas, just wants his family back.<br /><br />As the story opens, the large McAllister family is packing out for a Christmas-time trip to Paris.  Somehow, eight year-old Kevin McAllister (Macauley Culkin) sleeps through the chaos of their departure and wakes up alone in the house, just days before Christmas. Kevin misses his family but takes their disappearence more or less in stride, feeding himself and taking care of the house.<br /><br />Kevin's life gets a lot more complicated when two burglars (Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern) target the house.  The resouceful Kevin, in a series of hysterically funny and implausible battles, defends the house against the two inept burglars.  In a parallel story line, Kevin's frantic mother (Catherine O'Hara), having discovered his absence, battles her way back from Paris.  John Candy had a nice cameo as a polka band leader who gives her a lift.  As the clock ticks down to Christmas morning, will Kevin's prayers be answered and his family restored to him?<br /><br />"Home Alone" is very highly recommended as excellent family entertainment for the holiday season, with plenty of laughs and some gentle wisdom about families.
Macaulay Culkin is good in these  movies. A funny Movie. Joe Peshi is good too. The tall guy is funny.
In hindsight I'm not sure how my parents sat through so many viewings. I know that this one one of a couple of films that I watched everytime I was sick and took the day off school. There was something so great about watching a kid win out against the adults. I don't recall one kid not liking this movie as we were growing up. There are still lines which make me laugh, and even aged 30 I find myself watching it every couple of years, or when I'm sick and home from work at any rate.
The movie arrived safe and sound!  My Son loves to watch it all the time!  Great quality, no scratches.  I'd order from this seller again.
'Home Alone' is a good movie for any family library. Prices for Blue-Ray movies are way too high. Wait to buy Blue-Ray movies!
Kevin gets left alone at home while his family is far away. Meanwhile some bandits try to steal things from Kevin's family house, Kevin has to step up and defend the house. Don't miss out on this funny thrill ride!
My daughter purchased this DVD and was very happy with it.  The box showed a little wear but the DVD works fine.  Quick shipping.
I'm ordering DVD's to replace my video collection.  Your service is great and some of the prices are good. It's hard to find some of the old movie titles but with Amazon's help I hope to complete my collection.  Thanks...
The extended McCallister family is celebrating Christmas by going to Paris. This would not be a problem, but because of some funny situations the day they leave they do not realize that they left 10 year old Kevin at home. When Kevin finds out he makes the most of it until he hears that two criminals Marv and Harry say that they are going to rob the house that night.<br /><br />While Kevin is getting ready to ambush the bad guys his mother Kate is trying to get home to make sure he is ok. What happens when Marv and Harry to get into the house? Will Kate make it back in time? Watch Home Alone
The plot in "Home Alone" is clearly improbable, but that doesn't detract one whit from the appeal of impish (but sometimes adult far-beyond his years) Macaulay Culkin, bumbling Joe Pesci, and the rest of the cast.  And, like Aesop's Fables, the film has a moral and a heartwarming tone.  It's just not possible to dislike this film.
This movie has always been a childhood favorite and I encourage everyone to buy Home Alone because the language is very mild and it's suitable for a family audience.
This film has many lessons to be learned.  I've used it to teach CCD classes, showing that people should not be judged by how they appear  (the mean old man next door).  Also that families should appreciate one another more, a lesson that is learned by Kevin.  The interaction between the boy Kevin and the would-be burglars is over the top, but is much appreciated by kids twelve and under.  The good guys win, and the bad guys go to jail.  When he is most afraid, Kevin seeks sanctuary in the house of God, the place of ultimate safety.  The persistance of Kevin's mother in her attempts to return home to her son shows the depth of a mother's love.  She is rescued by the kindness of strangers who show the true spirit of Christmas in sharing their ride with her.
