Before I review this edition of "Tarzan's Savage Fury", let me give you all the negatives; the Warner Archive Collection at the WB site sells this title for nearly $6 less than Amazon; there are no special features, subtitles, nor even a scene index; the encrypting process prevents this DVD from playing on any DVD player with recording capabilities (which means you probably won't be able to play this on your PC).<br /><br />By the release of Lex Barker's fourth film as 'Tarzan', audiences had accepted the boyishly handsome actor in the role, despite reduced budgets and overused stock footage. Producer Sol Lesser offered 'gimmicks' to draw in audiences, and this film had a doozy...a young, orphaned white boy (Tommy Carlton), being used as 'bait' to capture alligators, is rescued by Tarzan, and (for this film, at least), serves as his young ward (the first time such a character had been seen since Johnny Sheffield's 'Boy', during the Johnny Weismuller years). Carlton is cute, if not as feisty and athletic as Sheffield, and the Barker/Carlton scenes capture some of the flavor of the 'Classic' Tarzan films.<br /><br />The plot is routine, although it is a pleasure to see Edgar Rice Burroughs' conception of Tarzan as "Lord Greystoke" referred to. His cousin is murdered, on safari, and substituted by a dissolute Englishman ("The Adventures of Robin Hood's" Patric Knowles), in a Communist plot to steal diamonds (this being filmed at the height of the Cold War). While Tarzan is suspicious (Charles Korvin, as the Soviet agent, is obviously untrustworthy!), he is persuaded by Jane (beautiful ex-model Dorothy Hart, in her only appearance in the series), to take the pair to a tribe with an abundance of diamonds ("to save England"). Tarzan is incapacitated and left for dead by Korvin, Knowles repents, Jane is marked for execution by the tribe for the missing diamonds, and Carlton and Cheeta must rescue Tarzan so he can save the day!<br /><br />Very short (at only 81 minutes), and action-packed, "Tarzan's Savage Fury" is certainly not in a league with earlier 'Tarzan' entries, but is diverting, and offers an interesting view at the 'Red Scare' of the 1950s. Definitely worth a look!
As usual with Tarzan films, the title of this movie is overstated; he does not express savage fury, although he does kill his enemy. It is fun to watch. This 1952 film is the sixteenth movie in the Tarzan series since 1932. It is the fourth of five films in which Lex Barker has the role since he followed Johnny Weissmuller in 1949. Two crooks with native carriers trick Tarzan into believing that one of them is his cousin. They try to persuade him to take them to a jungle tribe that has many diamonds. He refuses but, as usual, Jane gets him into trouble by persuading him to do so. En route, people get killed and the crooks steal diamonds. Jane is almost murdered by the tribe who think that she is involved. A new character, a lost white orphan is introduced; Tarzan brings him home and Jane says he can remain. Cheetah, as in the other films, does many funny tricks.
