This is what my 7 year-old daughter has to say about the movie:  My name is Eliza and I thought the movie was great.  It is about 6 girls, one girl's 2 puppies, and a bully. One of the girls accidentally brings one of her puppies with her to the mall.  The dog gets lost and the bully finds it.  And they go on a great adventure getting the puppy back.  The songs are great and I love performing to them.  The last song is my favorite. Cloe, the girl with the yellow hair is my favorite character because she has yellow hair like me.
I am a big Bratz Babyz fan, and when I found out about this movie, I had to see it! The songs are great, my favorite songs are "Ready Or Not", and "All Together". The movie is about six three year olds-(Cloe; Jade; Sasha; Yasmin; Nora; and Nita" who go to the mall for a day of fun at the mall's day care. When Nora and Nita arrive at the day care, Nora finds she accidently brought her twin sister's (Nita) puppy to the mall. Nita picks on Nora a lot, and this only makes Nita more pissed off at Nora. The puppy ends up escaping, and the babyz have to escape the day care without Miss Calabash-who runs the day care-noticing, which shouldn't be too hard, considering all the other kids in the day care are always chasing her around and jumping on her. When the babyz escape, they find the puppy has been "dognapped" by the mall bully: Duane. Duane demands $50 for the puppy's safe return. and suggests Nora enter the mall karoake contest, in which the prize is $50. Nora has a fear of singing in front of people, which leads the babyz to think of a different ways to get the money. Sasha, Nita, Yasmin, and Harvey (who sees the babyz  escape and follows them along with his friend, Cameron) try to get the money back one way, while Cloe, Jade, Nora, and Cameron another. Along the way, the babyz get caught now and again, which leads us to a romance with Miss Calabash and the mall Security Guard (Gordan Merf) when he brings the babyz back to the day care. After he brings the back once, when he leaves, he leaves the door open, so the babyz can escape again, and he can see Miss Calabash! Will the babyz free the puppy? See the movie to find out! This movie is great, I've seen like at least one million times (literlly) and have even memorized the script to the film! This is a must-see movie!
While i haven't viewed this DVD myself, it has rave reviews from my 4 year old granddaughter and her mom. She has about 50 wonderful dvd's and this is one of her favorite. It is nothing like the Bratz dolls you may have heard of or seen in the stores. Don't hesitate, it's a winner!!
My 3yr and 6rd old are obsessed with this movie and walk around singing the songs all day long. It might actually be a little mature for the 3yr old but she is inundated with her older sister's stuff everyday anyway...
My granddaughter really enjoy this movie.  I am going to buy future movies about the bratz baby.  The dvd played great and no scratches.
My grandaughter, Abby loved the movie. Glad I bought it Came on time and was as advertised. A good price as well
Great movie.  My baby girl has watched this movie at least 20 times.  Each time you would think it was her first.  The music keeps her singing.  It is a great movie that all the kids will enjoy.
My 4 yr old loves the bratz movies however i felt the movies were made for older children instead of toddlers. Bratz Babyz was the perfect solution. It features the same musical style and fashion (baby version) as Bratz with a toddler storyline.
My children absolutely LOVE this movie!  I must admit, I enjoy watching it too.  The animation reminds me of the back in the day Saturday morning cartoons. It's a great DVD and I am really glad I bought it.
