The 16 animated shorts on this DVD represent a wide array of animation styles, all Academy Award winners and nominees from 1978-1990.<p>They are: CREATURE COMFORTS (Nick Park - winner, 1990);  BALANCE (Lauenstein -  winner, 1989);  TECHNOLOGICAL THREAT (Kroyer - nominee, 1988);  THE CAT  CAME BACK (Barker - nominee, 1988);  YOUR FACE (Plympton - nominee, 1987);  A GREEK TRAGEDY (Van Goethem - winner, 1986);  ANNA &amp; BELLA (Ring -  winner, 1985);  THE BIG SNIT (Condie - nominee, 1985);  CHARADE (Minnis -  winner, 1984);  SUNDAE IN NEW YORK - (Picker - winner, 1983);  THE GREAT  COGNITO (Vinton - nominee, 1982);  TANGO (Rybczynski - winner, 1982);  THE  FLY (Rofuscz - winner, 1980);  CRAC! (Back - winner, 1981);  EVERY CHILD  (Fedorenco and Lamb - winner, 1979);  SPECIAL DELIVERY (Wheldon and  Macaulay - winner, 1978).<p>A thoroughly delightful collection!
If there is any confusion between this DVD and 'The Complete Works of Bill Plympton', relax, this is very nearly the same DVD.<br /><br />The "Classic Works" differs from "Complete Works" in that it is a more complete version than the previous VHS and DVD editions of "Plymptoons". The director's commentary, which was badly needed in the first transfer to DVD, finally makes an appearance in this version. Bill's commentary is the reading of some notes at the beginning of each short, some technical, some biographical, all interesting in spite of the monotone in which it is delivered. But, hey, Bill never claimed to be an actor. This version also has a few more 'extras' in the form of a stills gallery. The gallery has some key frames, as well as concepts passed over from "25 Way to Quit Smoking". Also, at the end of "Plymptoons 1990" there is a little extra film footage. There are also a few additional shorts in the 'Rarities' section.<br /><br />This version is also more NC-17 than the older releases, which are more PG. NOTHING Bill does should ever be called PC, so please don't expect moments of happy smiley crap to come floating out of the screen. The interviews are frank, with some colorful language and explicit footage of some of his later works. For those wishing to encourage the younger animator, the "Complete Works" version is much better suited for the younger audience.
Thanks to frequent exposure on MTV and several touring animation festivals, Bill Plympton's distinctive style is now widely recognized, even if the man behind the pencil isn't.  While it's not really 'the complete works,' this DVD collects an hour's worth of his early short films, from his cut-out animation piece &quot;Lucas, The Ear of Corn&quot; from 1977 to 1990's &quot;Plymptoons,&quot; a medley of his numerous 'microtoons' that were featured regularly on MTV's &quot;Liquid Television.&quot; He earned a 1988 Oscar nomination for Best Animation with &quot;Your Face,&quot; a musical short scored and sung by Maureen McElheron (who Plympton would work with again on his feature film &quot;The Tune&quot;). For the sake of completeness, we also get his television commercials for &quot;Trivial Pursuit&quot; and &quot;Nutrasweet,&quot; a public service message on acid rain (another MTV staple), and his 1987 TV pilot for &quot;Love In The Fast Lane,&quot; a series that never got picked up.  Whether you already know the man's work, or you just enjoy attending animation festivals, this disc is a decent showcase of some of his short films.  For more by Bill Plympton, check out &quot;Mondo Plympton,&quot; which features more of his recent work.
I would highly reccomend this DVD to any animation fan. There are a few shorts that are not up to the others ("A Greek Tragedy", "Your Face") but there are no really bad selections. There are a few standouts, however. "The Great Cogniteo" is a hillarious visual fest, from the guy who did the "Calafornia Raisans" commercials; "Crac!" a long but undeniably clever veiw of Montreal from the veiw of a rocking chair; "The Big Snit", and "The Cat Came Back", two Canadian shorts that contain more laughs than most feature films; and "Balance", a powerful claymation film, which seems to be making a statement against the Bush-area communisum threats. The DVD is worth it just for those selections. 10 out of 10 for whoever compiled this one.
You either love these cartoons or you hate them, but I use them when doing lectures or presentations.  As examples or parodies, they work well.
I bought this tape last sunday and I got it today. To the reviews they said that plymptoons would be on it. I watch it the middle I got it and no plymptoons on it.But their was the first Hey Arnold, there was a different in the cartoon they used claymation in the cartoon. Even though there wasn't any plymtoons on it there was great orginal material there. I would give this tape to some-one over the age of 8 because of questionable themes on it,but yet I don't under-stand why this tape is animation for adults stamped on it?<br /><br />Great tape 5/5 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bill Plympton's works are not for those people who like to see explosion in movies and who like to have distinct, obvious and relatively simple punchlines to their jokes. His brand of humour is subtle, and it seems to appeal to people with real brains to poke at. Very unique trademark animation style. This tape brings together the best and impossibly worst animations of one of animations foremost geniuses. (and even the worst ones are well worth it!)  If you like this, try migraine boy! Good all around!
This DVD gives no forwarning of the fact that it has lengthy (approx 2 full minutes) of NON-ANIMATED nudity, featuring a nude woman walking around in an animated room ("Tango"). We are not prudes, we're parents, and it should upset any good parent when their kids are ambushed by porn images. I am glad that my wife and I happened to view this DVD before our little ones did. The only segment which seemed worthwhile is "Creature Comforts", which is really funny (but that segment can be had by buying the DVD which goes by that title).<br />We thought all the other segments were boring, flat, or dumb. We sent it back to Amazon(.com).
