If you are buying this video for your little Elmo fan, think again. Elmo hardly appears at all; it's mostly popular groups singing songs with a few muppets thrown in. I think it's a good video, but it's not really at my  12-month-old son's level. He wants non-stop Elmo action, not people  singing. This might be better for the 4-6 year old crowd.
With a 2 year old, coming up with a video that will settle her down for more than 5 minutes is a challenge. This is the only video that she will watch beginning to end, and she loves the songs! She likes  dancing to the  music, especially Gloria Estefan. The Shawn Colvin, Jimmy Buffet and Kenny  Loggins pieces really calm her down. She also laughs a lot at the misshaps  during the Rosie O'Donnel part. I highly recommend it for parents (both for  your kinds and you)...
Pros:<br /><br />1.  Some stand-out performances by some stars that only Sesame Street could get to sing with a puppet.  Like them or not, En Vogue does a beautiful video about monsters.  Rosie O'Donnell does a terrific duet with Elmo, teaching that singing isn't about "vocal talent" but presense and fun. Jon Stewart and David Alan Grier are both unexpected naturals on a Muppets'stage and showed serious kid appeal.  And The Fugees are so good in this, their two minutes are alone worth keeping the movie for.<br /><br />2.  Nice, basic messages for kids and adults to learn:  *problem-solving, *how to work together, *to never underestimate the contributions of the smallest (a lesson brought in several times) and *that music is for everyone, not just famous singers.<br /><br />3. Some of the songs are very catchy.  My 3 yr old is singing Gloria Estefan's Mambo song around the house after hearing it maybe 4 times.<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />1. The title suggests it stars Elmo, which it doesn't.<br /><br />2. Some of the artists are weak here, while others rock the house.  I hoped for a lot better from the Mighty Mighty Bosstones.<br /><br />3. Weak storyline will irritate those who gravitate to plot/drama (though it won't bother those who want the music and jokes.)<br /><br />4. Lots of the performers were terribly "underutilized," which will disappoint adults who know what those folks are capable of.  Tyra Banks is great with kids, but you can't tell from her twenty seconds in this movie.  Chris Rock performs like he's literally reading the script for the first time.<br /><br />5.  The best jokes here are the ones only the adults will get, even though Sesame Street usually does a great job of making great "preschoolers-will-get-this" jokes.<br /><br />Bottom line:  Elmo-a-holics may feel "baited and switched" but general Sesame Street fans and music lovers will enjoy this one.  This definitely could have been better but my son + I will be watching this a lot and loving it.
I have to disagree with the reviewer who says this video isn't good for little kids.  My daughter LOVES this video and has since she got it for her first birthday.  She wants to watch it over and over.  Her 4 year old cousin wants to watch it whenever he comes to visit.<p>It's fun enough that you don't mind watching it over and over again.  John Stewart and David Alan Grier are hilarious and the music is great.  The only part that I don't particularly care for is Rosie O'Donnell, but that's just because I don't like her.<p>Buy it for your kids.  You won't be disappointed
This video is just horrible!  I bought it because my 18 month old loves Elmo.  Elmo is barely in the video!  After 2 minutes, my toddler walked out of the room.  It most definitely did not hold any interest for her.
This video seems much more geared toward older children and adults than the typical Sesame Street age child. The dialouge linking the video segments together does not hold the interest of my 19 month old. The music segments are more interesting to me than they are to her.  It does very little to engage my young viewer. I would suggest Barney, Blues Clues, or Bear in the Big Blue House over this video, especially for the under three crowd.
We got this DVD for our 18-month old and he just isn't that interested in it. Not much to engage a young toddler, especially since Elmo doesn't make many appearances nor does my son's favorite, Cookie Monster. My son much prefers the Elmo DVD about babies and animals. Or he also likes Elmo Loves You. This DVD though is fun for adults who are Jon Stewart and Chris Rock fans.
We were disapointed to see this video had very little of Elmo and a lot of Rosie O'Donnell. It really didn't keep me son's attention - and when Rosie broke into song - my son broke into the other room. His other Sesame Street video Let's Make Music keeps him interested even after 40+ veiwings. Elmopalooza lost his interest the first time he saw it.
I see a lot of ambivalence about this DVD, and I would like to put in my two cents in support of it. My two-year-old likes it a lot, and I think the songs and storyline are rich enough to hold his interest into the early elementary years. I consider it a great value for that reason.<p>It is essentially a collection of kid-friendly music "videos" presented in the context of an accompanying storyline. Don't expect to see Elmo in every song, but he is central to the storyline and appears frequently between songs.<p>Parents will find this entertaining. The storyline is funny, the songs are enjoyable for all, and the production values are outstanding.<p>I confess, at first I feared my son would be bored by it because the storyline and music are a little more sophisticated than the usual singsong children's fare. But kids thrive on repetition, and after just a few viewings, he became familiar with the music. Now he asks for this DVD frequently, and I am always happy to oblige.
After owning/renting numerous Elmo and Sesame Street DVDs, this seemed to be among the more disappointing because:<p>- Elmo barely appears in this video<br />- The artists play/sing with little interaction with the characters.<br />- Very few songs were catchy and kept my son's attention<br />- Who said that Rosie O'Donnell could sing???<p>This title sounds like a fun video...but it's not.
I got this for a dollar at a garage sale on VHS and it was well worth much more! My daughter specifically requests this video in her regular rotation of elmo's world, sesame street 25th anniversary, and baby einstein videos.  She sings along as best she can and loves all the little "videos" that are in it.  I think it makes a nice change of pace from just the muppet shows.  My first thought when I watched it was that the music was great, but the plot was left something to be desired.  But after watching it over and over and over... I don't mind the plot at all and there are some really great little jokes thrown in for the adults.  We are big jon stewart fans so having him star in it is a plus!
The songs on this video are entertaining.  But for the parent of an 18-month-old who wants to actually watch Elmo in action, the video is disappointing.  Elmo plays a small role in the video.  It would be great to see much more of Elmo actually singing.
I bought Elmopalooza for my 4 kids and they all love it!  My 12 month old likes it best.  It's not just Elmo and Sesame Street characters...David Alan Grier helps Elmo host the show while Jon Stewart is stuck in his dressing room.  This will be a great gift for kids who love Sesame Street and music.
My 2 1/2 year old loves Elmo.  It's a cute tape with Childrens music on it. I love it.
WE ALL LOVE THIS VIDEO.  IT IS NOT ONLY FOR CHILDREN, BUT ADULTS AS WELL.  IT IS ONE OF FEW VIDEOS SHE WILL WATCH FOR SHE IS NOT A TV FAN.  KEEPS HER ENTERTAINED WHILE I GET DINNER READY.  ITS A MUST HAVE IN MY OPINION!!!!
My son watched this movie ALL the time when he was a toddler. So much that we wore the dvd out! Now we purchased another copy for my toddler daughter who is an Elmo fanatic. What a great kid's video! (Entertaining for adults too!)
This is the only video that will keep our child happy when she's upset.  She's been watching it since she was three months old.  I think my husband and I have seen it over 100 times and we still enjoy it.  It has a variety of musical acts, all very entertaining and creative.  Jon Stewart is hilarious!
Let me start by saying our son is a big Elmo fan, and we think "The Best of Elmo" is tremendous.<p>This DVD starts VERY VERY VERY slowly...and gets worse and worse and worse.  The opening segment takes forever to get through and offers nothing to keep your child's attention or your attention. When the music finally starts, it is disappointing beyond description.  Our son hated it, we hated it, and returned it after 1 abbreviated viewing.  This DVD has nothing to offer for anyone in any age bracket.
...we also agree that Rosie is a bit toooo much for this prime time Sesame Street outing, but, that's okay because, things like Chris Rock bantering with Oscar the Grouch, and the Fugees jamming with Big Bird and the Mayor of Margaritaville literally kickin' it with Kermit and the Amphibians, and tunes from the Mighty Mighty Bosstones, and Shawn Colvin (not to mention  Muppets' two straight men in this, the sardonic Jon Stewart and the always funny David Alan Grier) makes this a show that most parents and grand parents don't mind watching with the youngsters....a musical, magical 55 minutes of fun.
While my husband and I find this video entertaining, it's too grown-up for my 15-month-old.  The beauty of Sesame Street generally is that it intersperses adult humor (via adult references) with children's entertainment.  This video seems to contain more of the former than the latter.  There is too much human dialogue and not enough song and dance to keep my daughter's interest for long.  Maybe she'll appreciate it more in a few years, but for now, it's more appropriate for mommy and daddy.
It is a little slow at moments and it doesn't always keep my little boy's attention.
Our family has an embarassingly large collection of Elmo and Sesame Street DVDs, so I speak from experience... I found this production to be way below par. My 2 1/2 year old son picked it out at the video store and we got through maybe :10 minutes before he volunteered to turn it off and do Play-Doh instead. The plot if poorly contrived, the production value is low, the acting for the most part is awful, and it's basically just a way to stitch together a series of music videos which at his age, my son has no interest in. He did like the part where the muppets try to break open the dressing room with a jack hammer. But I'm not buying the video for a 12 second clip. Better bets: A Celebration of Me, Grover or Sesame Street: The Street We Live On.
Okay, my wife and I couldn't stand it, but my child, who loves Elmo, couldn't sit through it.  Thank heavens for fast-forward.  By the way, who ever told Rosie she could sing?
This video doesn't entertain or captivate my children like the other Elmo videos we love(Best of Elmo, Wild West, and Adv. in Grounchland).  Don't waste your money on this one.
But the video is the WORST!!! This video was actually recommended to me and I was so disappointed (and so was my 17 month old son, who lost interest almost as soon as I put it on). As other reviewers said, there are too many adults and not enough Elmo or any of the other muppets. Except for the Rosie segment (which was actually pretty good, but too late in the show),the musical numbers are not appropriate for toddlers, either. They are slickly produced music videos instead of muppets dancing and singing in the studio with the singers, which is what they usually do on Sesame Street. The plot was really dumb and full of inside jokes. I am in the entertainment industry and I did not even like these jokes!... Then there were all these really brief celebrity cameos.... I can't understand how anyone could give this video a good review, but I guess to each his own.
Our toddler loves Elmo, and loves all the musical numbers on Sesame Street. We were looking for something that would just focus on the Sesame Street songs and videos so we wouldn't have to fish through a whole episode of Sesame Street to find them one song at a time. This video only slightly accomplishes this.<br /><br />It's a cute little show. It is quickly obvious that it aired on TV in the 90s. It's littered with B-list celebs with some comical appearances from those who fell off the face of the earth and a few young versions of those that are still around. There is lots of filler, and the songs are just Okay. This has all the merits of what should be free content, so my 2-star score is relative to paying $10 for the streaming/download version. Don't pay for it unless you really really really need some on-demand children's music videos. Free content is generally equal to better quality...this is just slightly more convenient.
The music is addictive, we've had this DVD for 9 months or so now and it's one my daughter asks for by name.  I've just ordered the CD for the car because she's always singing songs from it!  We love the Shawn Colvin version of "Don't Want to Live on the Moon" it's very sweet and we sing it a lot together!
Don't look too much into this show; just enjoy it for what it is:  an all-star list of celebrities having a ball with Sesame Street.  A simplistic answer, but true.  When this premiered on television, I wasn't expecting much.  All I knew was that I loved the muppets and I loved Sesame Street; and with that in mind, I enjoyed it immensly.  The guest stars interact perfectly with the muppets, and they look/act as if they're having a wonderful time.  This, I think, is what makes this program worth watching.  <p>I can understand why younger children might not like ELMOPALOOZA very much, but that doesn't mean you have to give it a negative review as well.  As a certain character on The Simpsons once said, "Don't live through your children" :)  It's a fun show; it's a care-free show; and, most importantly of all, it's a SESAME STREET show.  Not every young child is required to like every DVD/video they release.<p>And who cares if Rosie doesn't have a great singing voice?  She is funny, and she has a great time with Elmo; that's why I love it.<p>I mean, calm down.  This is SESAME STREET, for God's sake!
This is a fabulous and funny musical tribute to Sesame Street.  It is a great variety show (a la Muppet Show) which is a plus.  Jon Stewart plays a great part of the would-be show host that gets locked in his dressing room.  Elmo is prevalent, but not as much as the title would suggest.  I don't believe that it is enough to give it disparaging marks!  <p>(For those of you who are hung up on Elmo, check out Elmo in Grouchland!)<p>Rosie, Shawn and all of the stars are gregarious and wonderful for children to watch.  In fact, it is a video that I enjiy watching with or without my children!!!<p>5 stars!
