I first had this ballet on Laser Disc and watch it at least a dozen times. It was the best photographed ballet I had seen up to that time. The DVD is even better since the images are sharper; and it is still the best photographed of any ballet I have seen. The close-ups are excellent and in no way impede the dancing. While I don't considered myself an expert on dance, I have 40 ballet DVDs and see 2 or 3 live productions<br />a year.
I drafted this review just after having finished viewing "Josephs Legende" (music by Richard Strauss), the ballet, as the great John Neumeyer choreographed the work, altering it somewhat from its original 1914 conception. Kevin Haigen appears in the title role and, let me tell the world, HE IS FABULOUS, a wonderful dancer already at this point in his career (1977) and physically of achingly youthful male loveliness, all the more so as his body is stripped to a mere loincloth, revealing his superb physique. The video is exceedingly well filmed, one that expertly captures the stage view, whether, variously, up-close or recessed, delivering what a dance-minded viewer wants and needs most to see, and the audio aspect satisfies, too, the great orchestra`s playing luxurious and vivid (the conductor, Heinrich Hollreiser, being very experienced as a conductor of Strauss` music), captured in good sound. This DVD (Deutsche Grammophon 00440-073-4315) is truly extraordinary and any lover of classical ballet ought to obtain it (or at least to find a way to watch it). Since I. Taylor already has written perceptively of this filmed ballet, in his user`s review for Amazon`s sister U.K. WWW site (to which I refer those interested), my comments here are brief (and confirmatory).<br /><br />Musicologists long have tended to denigrate Strauss` music in this particular score, but it works with wonderful immediacy as a balletic theatre piece and, in context, is lushly gorgeous and drammatically apt. I wanted, without delay, on first viewing, to watch this DVD over and over again, which is not hard to do, given that the ballet is fairly brief. John Neumeyer`s choreography is quite beautiful and interestingly inventive, potently erotic in an headily pansexual manner, a wonderful vehicle for Kevin Haigen`s immense talent as well as for the other dance soloists, of whom Franz Wilhelm, as Potiphar, is particularly fine. Otain this DVD without further delay; it will be one to cherish and to view many times over!
This a superb recording of the video (ballet) and music of Strauss.  A rarely performed work the is great Strauss.
DVD's are not the technology that I use very often to collect recorded music, simply because the music has to be played through my B-speakers if I want to see the show at the same time. This time I had the prospect of acquiring an out-of-the-way piece of Strauss (whose music I adore) available on DVD, and while the sound probably does not do justice to the VPO's playing, the visuals are remarkable enough to make up for that just this once.  The story-line does not amount to much in the bare biblical version - Potiphar's sulky wife spurns him but is greatly taken with Joseph - so an extra participant is invented in the shape of an angel who first appears to Joseph in a dream and whose later relevance to the narrative is uncertain. In this production he is there for the way he looks, and what he does is secondary.<br /><br />My favourite kind of Strauss plot should feature a certain amount of `decadence' or at least voluptuousness, and the effect comes over from the music as I had hoped. This score is nearer in effect to Rosenkavalier than to Elektra, and that suits me. However the really serious attempt at sensuality is provided by the male corps de ballet, plus the lead roles of Joseph, Potiphar and the angel. The main troupe's entrance is preceded by the women dancers, as well as Mrs Potiphar herself, but her supporting ladies are chastely attired in long white robes, the effect being artistic rather than arousing. Enter the blokes and we are encountering something else entirely. There is a simply huge display of male physique on lavish and more or less permanent show until Potiphar's poor unsatisfied wife is left forlorn at the end. It surely must be judged an A+ parade from anyone's point of view, whether the standard of assessment used is aesthetic, erotic or athletic. As for the actual dancing, its technical and gymnastic standard has me astounded, but as I have always been notably inept at foxsteps, quicktrots and such like simpler routines perhaps you should check that more discerning critics have a similar opinion. However if they have any significant criticisms I can only suppose that they must be setting the bar very high indeed.<br /><br />As dance-narrative it is all superb too. Admittedly the story is not very complicated, but the choreography almost makes any programme-notes superfluous just as a guide to the overall action. It also catches the moods and expressions of the principals very well, and the outstanding piece of dance-acting surely has to be the simply terrific exhibition of sexual arousal that Judith Jamison puts on in her attempt to seduce the slightly bamboozled Joseph. This should be taken as an implied compliment to the camera work as well, which is of exemplary clarity.<br /><br />Supposing we need it, there is a synopsis of the action provided in the liner, and it is a model of brevity and simplicity. John Neumeier himself provides a 2-page essay. This may strike you as a bit hifalutin, but Neumeier is who he is, and there is a great deal of interesting detail in what he tells us. Among such details is the disclosure that Strauss later made a concert suite out of this score, and I may even have heard of it at some previous time. Perhaps I shall collect it just for completeness, but my main motivation in buying this disc was musical, it gives me the composer's first ideas for this enjoyable story, and from that point of view, more than the visuals, I have got what I was looking for.
This isn't deathless dance. The Strauss score is, well, Strauss: lots of sound and fury, signifying very little. The dance has many whiffs of art deco; it's a little confusing at times, rarely inspired. Not bad, though. The dancers are quite good: Jamison is a magnificent being, and it's always good to see her; Haigen - pretty, and nearly naked through much of the show - is highly adept and expressive.
