My children loved this video.  This was actually a gift for my niece who watched it and wanted it.
My 2 year old and I first sited the Wiggles on You Tube!  I immediately went online to buy DVD's with our favorite songs.  After reviewing several we found this one sub-par.  My DD just is not interested in the "live" performance ones.  The Wiggles are sometimes far away and employed in the performances (fun in person I'm sure) are little fun skit things as they do on their regular TV show (like let's find Jeff, etc) whereas my DD only had the patience to watch the singing.  If you LOVE Wiggles check out POP GO THE WIGGLES and Wiggles Nursery Rhymes.  Both of those are song after song in a studio.  They are newer releases and really keep the kids entertained.
My two year old grandaughter absolutely loves this DVD.  She wants to watch it every day and never seems to tire of it.  She's learned some pretty cool dance moves as well.  If your child is into dancing and/or the Wiggles, this is a great purchase.
I took my 2 year old daughter to see the Wiggles this past summer and she had so much fun at the concert so I was looking for a good concert video for her to enjoy. This DVD does not disappoint. She was so excited when I first put it in and she still watches it every day (two months later). If you are looking for a DVD like their TV show then this is not the one for you. Overall this is a great concert DVD and I would highly recommend it!!
I am constantly looking for children's entertainment that amuses my son and doesn't make me want to jab needles into my eyes.  When I actually am amused and entertained, I immediately post a review on amazon.com.  This is the only time I have ever done so.  Buy this, it's fun!
My 19 month old son loves this!  He watches the wiggles everyday and this is his favorite dvd.  When he is not watching the wiggles, he will try to sing and dance the songs by himself.  It is hilarious to see him suddenly break out into hoop dee doo when we are out at a restaurant.  The daycare staff report that he does his wiggle dance moves there too.  I don't like to let him watch tv too much, but I don't mind this because he interacts with it - singing and dancing along.  At the end, when they say bye to the audience, he is right there with them, waving and shouting bye bye!
OH MY GOODNESS!  This is a 5 star DVD.  My twin girls love it so much they really don't mind watching it over and over.  It is a great DVD of a live performance for The Wiggles.  WE LOVE IT !!
