This is a must have for all hardcore Jimi fans like myself. However, this is not really one of his best performances. He went on stage at 2AM in the morning, and looks very tired by the middle of the set. He was plagued with  equipment problems, and clearly not happy with his playing on many tunes.  Many of these were new songs,not fully worked out, and it shows. That said,  however, when it clicks, it's Jimi The Master shining through. Red House is  the stand out track,proof that Jimi was a master blues player.Machine Gun  and Voodoo Chile have some stunning soloing as well.  If you are a novice  Hendrix fan, I would recommend you get Jimi at Monterey instead, which is  easily his best filmed performance.
for YEARS this was all we had of Jimi's appearance at the Isle of Wight. It's a shorter, lo-fi version of Wild Blue Angel.<p>Unless you lived with this version, and don't care otherwise, buy the newly released Blue Wild Angel DVD instead, it has MUCH better sound, and the complete performance. Well, almost complete. The CD has two or three tracks, like "Hey Baby/New Rising Sun" that you won't find here.
I join Michael C. Young's complaints concerning the editing of this footage (see his customer review of May 7, 2000).  I can't, however, join his final judgment.  Young's review may be a little misleading.  <p>First, although hefty solos were indeed cut, the cuts are pretty clean and the editors left in lots and lots of extended solos in between nearly every verse of the best songs.  <p>Second, Young's review may give some the impression that this film is like so many other unfortunate visual records of Hendrix performances, bits and pieces of music woven into the fabric of whatever narrative/interview neccessity the project advanced. (Think just about any Hendrix &quot;film&quot; you've seen).  Not so.  The songs all have beginnings, middles, and ends, and where solos are cut, the songs aren't interrupted with inane, self-serving interviews with folks whose fifteen were up long, long ago.<p>Third, and probably much more controversially, I would argue that, because we know for a FACT that Hendrix himself was highly self-critical, that he used concerts as much as the studio to work out his improvisational vocabulary for a given song, and that he had no idea that this was going to be more or less his last documented guitar playing, maybe the cuts were made in the interests of creating a cleaner account of the songs.  I can't say that I would agree with the choices made.  Young's point on &quot;Machine Gun&quot; is absolutely right.  But I don't agree that the neccessity of editting itself was either shameful or somehow heretical, as Young seems to suggest.<p>This is not a biographical document.  It is the document of a concert.  That's why I think that, while Young makes good points, the film is not nearly as bad as he says it is.  Plus, if you've got the DVD version, you've got access to a marriage of sound a visuals that just haven't been available before.<p>I give it four stars because, for the &quot;serious&quot; fan or curious fan (there can be no &quot;casual&quot; Hendrix fan), the DVD version of this release has over an hour of visionary guitar playing.  Since I wouldn't hold my breath for any less edited release (especially now that it's committed to DVD), I think this will more than &quot;have to do.&quot;  The improvisations preserved on this recording are as intense and masterful as anything currently available.  Add to that the simple fact that this is a visual document of Jimi playing less than 3 weeks before his death, and a wonder it was, thank God, and I just say you've got to have it.<p>That all being said, it is a shame that so much was left behind.  Alas.
I read the reviews of those who complain about video and audio quality, or of Jimi's poor performance. To these people, please consider this. As for video and audio, this was done over 30 years ago, and for Jimi's performance? The man was dying. One report said if he didn't die accidently only 18 days after this concert, he would have soon because an autopsy report said his liver was gone. So, give this video a break and don't view it as entertainment but as historical. My only complaint is to those who have had the opportunity to film and record Jimi and are sitting on their historical footage for unknown reasons. Please release your treasure to the rest of us. Maybe this will help you to understand how the true Hendrix fan thinks, &quot;When we get money, we buy everything Hendrix, if there's any left we buy food.&quot; Play on.
This so-called document will probably be replaced with the longer almost complete BLUE WILD ANGEL documentary film. I just saw this 1 hour 40 min. doco on TV [SBS, Australia] last night and was amazed to find not only 13 of the 18 songs complete but also replete with  between song misshaps and dialogue. The songs were also in the correct performance order. Yes, the complete versions of &quot;Machine Gun&quot; and &quot;Foxy Lady&quot; are here and yes, rare tracks like &quot;Ezy Rider&quot; also make their debut. The question is: will EH put out a VHS/DVD of the complete concert? WILD BLUE ANGEL is a marked 5 star improvement over this earlier version.
Having just seen this mess of a performance on Trio, I'm glad I didn't purchase the dvd. If you watch carefully, you can see from Jimi's facial expressions that he is not happy with his performance or the band's or both. The band sounds unrehearsed, the playing is sloppy, vocals are missing. Jimi does try his best to salvage things with some interesting solos but that as brilliant as it was, can't save things. Some songs in very raw form- Machine Gun, are trying to listen to. Yet on the other hand, 'Red house' is quite good. Sound quality is nothing to brag about, sounds like an old 8-track transfer-raw. I wonder if Jimi would have approved of this release, based on the way he takes his guitar off at the end of the show and slams it down on the stage, I think not. The serious fan will pass this one up. Hopefully, the Hendrix estate will choose future releases(both audio and dvd)more carefully.
In rock music, the difference between a great performance and a bust can be razor thin. Which was this? You can see Jimi talking, while playing, clearly concerned about something. In All Along the Watchtower, the dreamy tones of the studio version is replaced by a powerful, high distortion version. On top of everything else, he briefly forgets the words. Was this a great performance relete with spontanaity or was Hendrix, a little more than two weeks before his death due to a drug overdose, starting to lose it? I don't know but one thing I do know, I am captivated by the performance. I liked observing the small things such as his switching from his signature stratocaster to a flying V. Quite frankly, I hadn't been aware that he p[erformed with a V so this was a revelation. If you are a Hendrix fan, this DVD will fascinate you. If not, I doubt that it will make you into a fan.
I have no quarrel with the critical comments of other reviewers with regard to this Murray Lerner-produced filmed portrayal of Jimi Hendrix, playing at the Isle of Wight Festival, at 2 A.M,  just 18 days before his death. I have not previously seen or heard Hendrix save for a few shots in the History of Rock and Roll. Here I address myself only to those in roughly similar circumstances.<br />First, and foremost, my reason for buying this, rather than the recent, more complete, version now available (not at the Amazon listed price, above,  for a new copy,  but at less than a third that )  is that it is one of the five DVD's made of Murray Lerner films of the Festival: (Message to Love: The Isle of Wight Festival (1995)- a documentary focused on the  Festival  itself, rather that the music which is treated in secondary fashion;  Listening To You: The Who At The Isle Of Wight Festival (1996);  Miles Electric: A Different Kind of Blue (2004);  and, The Birth Of A Band: Emerson,Lake & Palmer Isle of Wight 1970 (2006)).  I think he is an ace of the documentary format and, having all five, gives me a broader perspective than  I would have otherwise.<br />Second, of course, I was interested in finding out what a performance by Hendrix would look and sound like. The greater brevity of this version, with editing by Lerner, was a plus at this stage of the game. Were I to find that I wanted more of him, there would be a choice of more representative performances to choose from among.<br />For my purposes, this was fine.  What I thought was a mellow Hendrix, reacting normally to working at the crazy hour of 2 AM (from my viewpoint), after a no-doubt exhausting trip to get to this island haven, may well have been illness, over-indulgence, or other weakening factor. Certainly I know none of the background involved. However, what I heard satisfied me that I had seen a sample of what was described in the Rock and Roll History DVD and, done so  with less of a commitment than was required by the unexpurgated version.<br />So, I feel confident in recommending this disc, if obtainable at a reasonable price, to others seeking to hear what he was,  as shown by a master film-maker, at this time and place,  in Rock history and in his own life .<br /> I should think knowledgeable viewers would prefer the later alternative.
It's obvious that Jimi wasn't in good shape when he performed at the Isle of Wight. His singing is atrocious and he often forgets lyrics to his own songs. He sings with chewing gum in his mouth and he's unable to complete "Voodoo Chile" because of some sort of technical/mechanical/sound-related problem. The band sounds poor compared to his studio recordings with Redding and Mitchell. Jimi reinvented the way guitar is imagined, but he also crashed very quickly. Band of Gypsies would also pale in comparison to the original Jimi Hendrix Experience. Jimi's wild life style is what did him in, and this dvd makes it apparent that at the time of filming, he wouldn't have much longer to live. In fact, he died just 18 days after the Isle of Wight concert. Millions of people love Hendrix, but are unaware of men like Earl Hooker, Buddy Guy, Elmore James, and Muddy Waters, who were Hendrix's greatest influences. Earl Hooker was also a better guitar player than Hendrix, in my book, though he didn't totally alter the way guitar is thought of in the way that Jimi did. It's a shame that Hendrix died so young, as his three studio albums are all excellent, and show a real creative genius at work. This dvd is disappointing, so I'm not sure if I even want to see his Woodstock performance.
you'll refer to this one now again, not often, but you'll be pleased you have it in the collection. <p>the man is clearly from another planet.
When I boutht this dvd, I thought I was gonna see a whole concert. Was I  totally wrong! This is not an entire concert. But who would forget Jimi's searing rendition of red house? not me. For those of you that like Hendrix's pyrotechnics, get the following: Woodstock, Berkeley, Monterey, and Experience. I can't wait to get Wild Blue Angel when it comes out on Digipack and Dvd. Sources tell me that Jimi picked with his teeth on &quot;hey Joe&quot;. The digipack wi tell me the truth Also on &quot;foxy lady&quot;,  Jimi picks with his teeth as well.
Anyone who thinks that this performance is lackluster, lazy, or anything but great is out of his frigging mind. I am so glad I bought this DVD, and it is another example of why you really have to make up your mind yourself and never listen to negative reviewers.<br />All of the songs played on this DVD are typical Hendrix - exciting, mind blowing and illustrative of his incredible talent that to this day has never been equaled.<br />I could not really see what flaws everyone was talking about. Every Hendrix performance is different from any other, so this one had a little shorter version of &quot;Machine Gun&quot; so what? It was still great.<br />The audience was extremely pleased. If there were equipment problems, you never see it on this DVD.<br />ALL PERFORMANCES ARE OUTSTANDING and I agree with another reviewer that Any Hendrix is better than NO Hendrix. There just is no other performer alive today, and probably never will be who can play a guitar like that, period.<br />If you like Jimi Hendrix, or if you just like supernova guitar playing, do yourself a favor and buy this DVD. The price is WELL worth it. And don't listen to those who are so spoiled that they have to pick apart everything they see and hear, as if they could actually play better than this, or anyone else could.<br />Great great performance that is head and shoulders above anything you will ever see today.<p>The only bad part of the DVD is that you are reminded that 18 days after this performance, we lost probably the greatest guitar player of his generation.
I read the reviews of those who complain about video and audio quality, or of Jimi's poor performance. To these people, please consider this. As for video and audio, this was done over 30 years ago, and for Jimi's performance? The man was dying. One report said if he didn't die accidently only 18 days after this concert, he would have soon because an autopsy report said his liver was gone. So, give this video a break and don't view it as entertainment but as historical. My only complaint is to those who have had the opportunity to film and record Jimi and are sitting on their historical footage for unknown reasons. Please release your treasure to the rest of us. Maybe this will help you to understand how the true Hendrix fan thinks, &quot;When we get money, we buy everything Hendrix, if there's any left we buy food.&quot; Play on.
What can I say, I enjoyed it! I'm a fan of Hendrix and the whole concert is a piece of art as well as rock history. My only complaints were that the camera-man didn't take into consideration that Jimi played left handed, so most of the shots of him playing show the back of his right hand and those shots that were taken from in front of him were obscured by the glare of the lights. But then again, this isn't a guitar instruction video now is it? Definitely worth every penny, you won't go wrong here!
