If I could sum up this movie in one word, it would be "wow". I just finished watching "Bereavement" and I will rate this amongst my top horror movies of all time. From a filming aspect, I have to also agree with other reviewers that the cinematography is fantastic. I was impressed with that right from the start of the film. In terms of horror movies, this is a gem to the genre. I didn't see "Malevolence" so I didn't know what to expect in this prequel. Will there be any survivors? You'll have to watch to find out. The mark of a good horror film is to make the audience care about the characters so that you feel terror if their safety is threatened. This film succeeds with that. This film isn't just about blood and guts all over the floor so if you're getting this because you want some sadistic torture copycat like the "Saw" franchise, you'll be disappointed. Another reviewer wrote that they felt there wasn't enough background story to the serial killer. I disagree with that. The actor portraying the serial killer actually made me feel a little sorry for the character. He was clearly psychotic and out of his mind. He didn't seem to take joy from killing people. It was something he felt he "had" to do. We the audience don't learn about this man's own childhood or how he ended up committing these horrible murders. Its a mystery but that adds to the allure of the film. Another complaint someone had is why did this new girl Allison all of a sudden was the only person in town who found the missing boy in the abandoned rundown shack after 5 years? Thats not so far fetched. If you think about your own town, how many times do you drive past an old house or building and never even give it a second look? Allison was brand new and had a fresh pair of eyes as she looked around her new surroundings. Thats why she was able to pay attention to what others ignored over the years. I will say that I agree that it seemed odd that the killer was killing locals and yet no one seemed to notice or maybe the sheriff's office is just that inadequate. That was really the only flaw of the story. Otherwise, this movie is definitely 4 out of 5 stars. Great job to all that created this film!
i bought this movie cause i was told that it was good....it was ok.  Not bad for 5 bucks i spent.  the story is very good but it has some of the same bull that most run of the mill horror movies have.  the don't go in there parts are stupid cause any reasonable person would not do some of the stupid stuff the girl does.  im a big fan of criminal minds and it kinda reminded me of the show.
I had fairly low expectations for Bereavement. The horror genre has produced a few good movies over the past decade, but it's also shown us quite a few duds that I would prefer to forget. Thankfully, Bereavement is worth watching.<br /><br />The concept of Bereavement is fairly simple. A young boy is kidnapped by a deranged killer with the intent of training him in the trade of ritual murder. The young boy, played by Spencer List, makes the role film. I haven't seen a young boy more convincing in a horror role since Haley Joel Osment in The Sixth Sense. He really is quite fantastic in his reserved role that must have been very difficult to play.<br /><br />Bereavement isn't completely different from other horror movies, but it treats the process much differently. It goes for fear more from realism than plain shock novelty. If anything else, I respect Bereavement for treating it's audience as intellectuals rather than idiots looking for a cheap thrill.<br /><br />I'd recommend Bereavement if you enjoy horror movies. I'm getting pretty sick of the genre and it's slow progression, but I really enjoyed this film. You better watch it quick before five other movies come to rip off it's concept.
I enjoyed this movie quite a bit.  The lead characters, especially the one played by Alexandra Daddario, make some curiously poor decisions, but if you can look past that (like you must with most horror movies), you'll find the acting and cinematography to be top notch.  I couldn't get my mind around the killer's motives but that may be because I haven't seen the first movie.  This is a high quality blu-ray transfer.  The excellent video quality makes watching the beautiful Daddario quite a treat.  I can't comment on the sound since I don't have a home theater setup at the moment.
A young boy is taken from his home by a madman and is forced to watch and even partake in violent crimes. This movie is for those of you who like your heart pumping and aren't looking for two hours of serenity for your evening. You could say that scenes in this movie are more distrubing than scary, but that is what gives this movie its luster. Not your typical Hollywood ending I might add.
BEREAVEMENT<br /><br />{The state of being deprived of something or someone :  the loss of a loved one by death.} That good people is a quick definition of the word that lays claim to the title of this film. Makes sense since this is a prequel to a film called "Malevolence", both by writer/director Steven Mena. Check out the definition of that word and it all makes sense, would be interesting to see what a third film in this series would be called. Of course the first film was an indie success for the filmmaker that garnered awards and such leading to an easy decision I am sure to do this film.<br /><br />Graham Sutter is a sick man who preys upon women and savagely murders them, but the man is looking for a little help. In 1986 he goes on the hunt but this time it is not for women, it is for a little boy. Someone he can mentor and teach, someone who can help him with his own personal demons, he finds such a boy. Six year old Martin Bristol is the unlucky boy who just happens to be in the right place and time for the killer. It also just so happens that he suffers from a disease that allows him to feel no pain. Upon discovering this after the boy is lured into his truck while the boy's mother is inside with a potential sitter the man thinks it is a sign.<br /><br />From this point on the boy is subject to all kinds of mental torture as he is forced to watch and sometimes help in the murder and disposal of this man's victims. Enter a young women named Allison who has moved to the town to live with her Uncle, Aunt, and cousin. Being a city girl things are not going exactly as she had hopped but finds comfort in meeting a boy her age. They begin to hang out to the Uncles non liking of course, in his mind the boy is no good. But that is the least of his worries as Allison is growing more and more interested in a young boy she sees in an abandoned farmhouse. As her curiosity grows so does the chances of her being the next victim for the local killer.<br /><br />I have to say that this is a much better film then it seems to be getting credit for amongst other reviews. That's cool every one has their own preferences for what movies they like and such. Although I will say this film seems so much better if you have seen the first movie. "Malevolence" was a pretty good slasher/horror film that worked because it knew exactly what it was. This film is very different from the first one but works even more in my opinion because it does the exact same thing and still sets up what is to come in "Malevolence".<br /><br />Where "Malevolence" was a straight slasher film and had the look and fell of that kind of film this one is more a psychological horror flick. A good horror/drama in many ways with both elements bending into the other in a somewhat natural way. An example would be "The Silence of the Lambs" of the type of style and feel I am talking about. Now of course this film is not the classic that "Silence" is but it is in that same vein of filmmaking. In fact this one seems even more realistic with the way it is written, shot, and presented. Of course that could also be the killers lack of charisma when compared to those of "Silence" but still it makes for a good movie.<br /><br />Writer/director  Steven Mena knew what he wanted to do with this film and it shows as he has taken what he learned the first time around and added to it. The story while from a new viewer may come of as just another serial killer flick really does help explain the mystery of the first film. Like who is this guy and why is he doing what he is doing to these people. While this film certainly can be an entertaining ride for any one who hasn't seen the first flick I will say it does help to see them both. In fact watching them in the order they were released is the best way to go. The first film is helped by the fact that you really don't know why this killer is doing this and the second is helped because it explains it, does that make sense to any one other than me?<br /><br />I have to say that this film was really well done especially from how it was shot. There are some masterful shots in this film with brilliant and beautiful cinematography. The opening of the film in particular is just so well done and magnificent. From the wide shot for the title card to the truck passing right into frame driving away from the camera, and even into the journey from start to finish looking for a kid it all looks good. I would be honestly surprised if some one disagreed with me here. You can not like the film, acting, or what ever but i bet we would all agree on how it was shot.<br /><br />Speaking of acting our lead actress Alexandra Daddario did a good job as newbie in town Allison. She comes off very believable as the city girl hating her new life, teenagers. She has a good look and quality about her that lends to the role. Spencer List plays the young boy who is kidnapped by the killer and comes off well in the film, especially for a child actor who has some pretty rough scenes to go through. Every one else in the film is really good especially Michael Biehn as the girl's Uncle. But it is Brett Rickaby who is the show stealer here playing the psycho of the town. He comes off very well in every scene even in ones where he is afraid of a deer skull he thinks orders him to kill. Now that could have came off very silly for lack of a better word in another actors hands if portrayed wrong. It is a low budget film but that does not mean it has to be a B film.<br /><br />The DVD copy that i got a hold of comes with some excellent special features on it which is always a plus for me. There is a great behind the scenes feature that takes you into the everything you would want to see. From set ups to performances it can all be found here. Then of course the making of which  goes into not only thins film but the previous one and how they both came about. But among even more special features we get an excellent audio commentary from the writer/director himself. This of course is my favourite thing about the bonus stuff as it goes deeper into the making of this film and even more facts about the previous one.<br /><br />Now this is not a perfect film and might not make every ones personal favourites list but it is a good flick. I can see how some would not like it as much and how others could love it. It could be another low budget classic that picks up viewers the longer it is out. I personally think it is a really good movie especially if you have seen the first one. I feel like i am repeating that to much but it does need to be said, I recommend both to any horror fan. At the very least it good make for a good rental for and movie night one may have. In fact i may even say that I like this film more so than the previous one, but while very much connected they are very much two different beasts. Check them out if you get the chance, you just may find yourself enjoying some low budget entrainment. {something that entertains; interesting, diverting, or amusing thing; esp., a show or performance}, definition of that last word [from yourdictionary.com]
In rural Pennsylvania a psychopath (John Savage) kidnaps a young boy and cuts him. The boy has a medical condition where he does not feel pain, which the psycho mistakes for "no fear." In awe the psycho make Martin (Spencer List) his apprentice, picking up women that no one seems to know is missing.<br /><br />Nearby, Allison (Alexandra Daddario) moves in with her uncle following the death of her parents. She jogs past the abandoned building where the psycho lives and she becomes curious...<br /><br />The acting was about what you would expect for a "B" horror movie. There is stabbing and blood, but there lacks a certain horror aspect as we don't know most of the victims. I thought I had the movie figured out, but the ending came off as a surprise. The movie sets up for a sequel. Not the worst horror film out there, it just lacks character.<br /><br />Language and brief corpse nudity.
Bereavement is the prequel to Malevolence.<br />I have been waiting a long time for this to come out and wasn't disappointed.<br />It was beautifully shot and the lighting was great.The acting was above par ,Alexandra Daddario is not only beautiful but an amazing actress and Michael Biehn has long been a favorite actor of mine since his debut in the 1981 slasher film "The Fan".<br />It wasn't over the top gory but it was quite bloody and there were a couple of scenes that will leave a gore hound like myself satisfied.<br />If you saw Malevolence you will know exactly whats going on and even if you didn't see it, it won't take long to figure it out.It has a rich look to it not that cheap or low budget feel .<br />There were many scenes that might have gone somewhat unnoticed or the importance overlooked that dealt with loss,loss being a huge part of the story in all area's.The last scene with John Savage was a very powerful scene and an important one as well.It's rare that a film is heart tugging yet filled with such real horror as well.The thing that's so scary about this is there really are people that are as mentally unstable as Graham Sutter but you might never know unless you could look into his mind.Bereavement leads us to no other conclusion except 'nurture over nature' when it comes to raising Children.
Slasher films are a genre of their own, part horror film, part psychological drama, and all blood. These films are produced fast and heavy. With so many of them, you end up watching a blatant snuff film, or gore fest. Mena's film BEREAVEMENT transcends this pitfall, by providing believable, humanizing elements to the characters. It helps build the horror, when the audience can identify, or sympathize with the film's victums and heros. Interspliced with the shocking slaughter scenes, the film's central plot builds slowly to a finish that, unlike most of these types of films, you DO NOT see coming. (And expect no spoilers here.) Actually, the grand finale is so gruesome and creepy, I felt truly shocked, since the film subtlely works from the first moments, to bring you into sympathy with the kidnapped child, whom I thought would be saved. The psychological motives of the villian were sympathetically spelled out, thru flashbacks, and the disgusting, sad world he inhabited all his life. Most of these films dont, or cant, accomplish that--giving you humanizing connections to ALL the characters, good and evil.<br /><br />The writer/director/producer/editor/music composer, Stevan Mena, by carrying all the reigns, is able to transmit his singular vision of a boring backwater town out near Pittsburg, where a panel truck, or an abandoned factory, or even the huge ominous looking electrial towers (which symbolically reinforce the nightmarish creepiness of the scarecrows made from steer skulls), become secondary characters in their own right. Even giving the child a disease which doesnt allow the perception of physical pain, a real disease by the way, makes an interesting symbolic motif for the disease of the psychopathic, where feeling emotional pain of others is absent. (And of course leads to the events of the film.) I enjoyed that symbolic level the film was operating upon. Altho its not an art film by any stretch of the imagination, its solid. The characters seem believable within the context of the plot. Even tho there is this realistic, rural setting for the film's heros to operate within, this realism breaks down within the surreal, hellish world of the severly disturbed Muller the Butcher. The film's major plot hole, was how SO MANY MURDERS of young women in a rural community, would not invite a massive legal investigation. Muller's trophy notebook with clippings from a newspaper of the various murders/abductions, makes a weak attempt at addressing the community's awareness of the abductions. Still, this lack of any detectives in the mix, remains an obvious plot flaw. Then again, in any slasher film, if you put to much logic into the equation, the film loses its focus, ie, the bloodsoaked world of the psychopathic murderer. Mena does attempt to show the bizarre, freaky inner world of the slasher, with odd strobe lighting, and a strange color pallete with the lighting inside the slaughterhouse. Inside that tortured and torturing enviorment, the whole nightmare realm of bloody death grows more powerful thruout the film, until its surprisingly brutal ending. Personally, this is more of a 3 and a half star film for me. Usually I see most slasher films as 1 or 2 star films, but this movie has plot, interesting characters portrayed by good actors, and clever symbolic devices to connect the realm of normal humanity with the abnormal realm of the psychopath. Since the film isnt dumbed down into a second hand clone of your average teen horror film, I found it enjoyable for what it was. And you most likely will too, if this is your cup of tea.
As a prequel it surpasses its predecessor in many ways and builds upon a well-conceived idea from a director who shows much promise in the horror genre. You can see his biggest influences and that is by no means a bad thing! This movie is this generations 'Halloween'!
You come to care for Allison and her family because so much time is spent showing their lives and the way they relate to each other, so what happens leaves you hoping for a happy ending for them.  Well, I'm not going to go into all that, so I'll tell you other reasons to see this movie.<br /><br />Yes, the cinemetography is very good, but what is really the compelling thing about this film is the psycholgical gameplay that goes on between the killer and his young, unwilling appretice, Martin, whom he has snatched from his home.  Whoever said we don't know anything about the killer's background is wrong.  He doesn't enjoy the killing, which is obvious by his frenzied ravings to the bull's head that is obviously a stand-in for his father.  We can deduct that his father had conditioned him until he cracked and now he's carrying on in his place.  Since he is a loner, he has snatched the boy after studying him and discovering he cannot physically feel, speak, and maybe not even feel internally.  But he must, because he tries to help a few girls escape and he is fearful of his mentor/tormentor.  The dynamic between the two of them is compelling.<br /><br />I liked the character Allison, especially when she takes compassion on Martin a few times and tries to help him.  You can't help feeling sorry for him, especially since his mentor is trying to break him down like his own father apparently did.  The process with which things take a turn for the worse is compelling to see, and a must if you like movies that involve that mindset.<br /><br />True, this movie is disturbing and gory, so I must agree with another reviewer here by asking what sort of parents would let their children be involved in a movie like this?  I wouldn't, but it's not my call.  Other than that, Bereavement is a very well-done movie, and a must-see if you like pictures that also make you feel for the good guys as well as the predators.  Warning, though; much like Eden Lake, it will haunt you for quite a while.
Bereavement is a modern horror movie, but tries to be more. It's about a psychotic man that abducts a child, Martin. Martin then begins to experience this man's terrifying crimes. Overall, it's too much of a typical slasher to really excel in the genre.<br /><br />What did I like? The overall theme of abduction and nature vs nurture in this situation is creepy. It's got some beautiful shots and great music. Also, there were some moments (the hook to the leg!) that actually made me flinch, which doesn't happen often. The ending was also decent and slightly different from a typical horror ending.<br /><br />What did I dislike? The constant loud and often unnecessary screaming got annoying after a while. There is a scene where she ends up in a freezer and when she turns on  the light, she starts screaming ferociously. But there really isn't anything to scream about since the room is basically empty and everything is covered in rags. Also, the second half of the film quickly turns into a typical slasher. You've probably seen some of the scenes before in another movie. The acting was very mixed; some did well and others did poorly.<br /><br />Overall, if you're in the mood for a slasher and you've seen the rest, I recommend checking out Bereavement. If you have Netflix Streaming, it is available as of 6/29/12 if you want to save your money.<br /><br />There is brief nudity, and excessive violence and gore.
Violent, bloody, gory - and not very well done. Sorry. This film is a prequel to Stevan Mena's first film, Malevolence, another not that great movie, both are about psycho killers, typical slasher movie stuff. The concept itself is interesting - a character study on how a psychopathic killer is crafted under the tutelage of another psychopathic character, but I'm always leery of movies that are directed, produced, written, and even scored by one person - if there's no one around to tell y ou "No" - how do you know you're not making crap?
I love horror movies, but I'm the first to admit that I prefer the creepiness of traditional films in the past.  The newer movies that prefer to skip right to violence or aim for the squeamish unnerving of their viewers - they're not really my thing.  I found that this movie was a double edged sword.  Not only was there a lot of seemingly unnecessary violence (toward characters that we were unable to find a connection to) but the story seemed a little convoluted as well.<br /><br />After reading a little about this movie online, I found that this is a prequel to the director's 2004 movie Malevolence.  Maybe I needed to see that movie to appreciate this film more, but I didn't see any mention of the connection at all in the movie description.  I feel like the movie was maybe trying really hard to explain the situation in the first film, but without Malevolence's storyline put into the context - this film just seemed like a meandering concept.<br /><br />Either way, I'd say if these types of horror films are your style, then watch both movies then maybe you could get more out of this than I did.  I just think this goes off target in too many aspects for my taste.
Bereavement begins in the winter of 1989 in the small town of Minersville, Pennsylvania where a six-year-old boy called Martin is kidnapped by a serial killer named Graham Sutter.  This terrible act has two aspects about it which matter a lot to the overall premise of the movie: Sutter thrives on inflicting pain to his victims and Martin is diagnosed with a condition called CIPA (congenital insensitivity to pain with anhydrous) so the youngster can't feel any sort of pain. Martin also never talks, so Sutter can't understand why the youngster is able to tolerate everything he puts him through over the years.  The boy becomes someone Sutter both loves and fears.<br /><br />Bereavement then moves forward five years and we meet Allison who moves to the area from Chicago to live with her Uncle Jonathan and his family after her parents die tragically in a car accident. One day she jogs by the old Sutter Meat & Poultry plant and sees a boy looking through a window. She's unwittingly gets drawn into the crazy world of Sutter and his reluctant victim and it is up to her to figure out a way to save the boy and herself from Sutter.<br /><br />Bereavement is definitely one of the better serial killer movies I have seen.  This is mainly because you feel for the characters because they are like a family so when see them become victims then it makes you feel bad.  There are also other dramas going on within the families so the film has a lot of depth which gradually unfolds and it keeps you interested.  To describe it as a slasher flick about a serial killer would undervalue the movie because it is more than that and more like a very tragic human drama.  Overall I would rate it as good and well worth a look.
Bereavement is an Indie prequel film to the slasher movie Malevolence, which is not a widely known film due to it's low budget. This film starts out with a kidnapping of a 6 year old boy in 1989, who has CIPA (Congenital Insensitivity To Pain W/ Anhidrosis), which is an extremely rare inherited disorder of the nerves which prevents the sensation of pain, heat or cold, in addition to the inability to sweat. There are only 84 cases in the US and most children never live to see the age of 3, making the odds of a serial slasher to kidnap a child with this rarest of diseases hard to believe.<br /><br />Bereavement is an Indie prequel film to the slasher movie Malevolence, which is not a widely known film due to it's low budget. This film starts out with a kidnapping of a 6 year old boy in 1989, who has CIPA (Congenital Insensitivity To Pain W/ Anhidrosis), which is an extremely rare inherited disorder of the nerves which prevents the sensation of pain, heat or cold, in addition to the inability to sweat. There are only 84 cases in the US and most children never live to see the age of 3, making the odds of a serial slasher to kidnap a child with this rarest of diseases hard to believe.<br /><br />The film then moves on to 1994, 5 years later, where the slasher seems to be living comfortably with his kidnapped child in his father's long abadoned meat slaughter plant and house. This is where the film brings in 2 more families who will unfortunately cross paths with the slasher and his adopted son. The story line moves well when introducing more characters, but when the characters gradually move out of the film, the ending becomes predictable.<br /><br />Ever since seeing The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, slasher fims are basically the same- waiting for the slasher to attack, seeing the slashing and waiting to see when and if the slasher will get it in the end. What makes this film different, is it begins as a kidnapping, moves into other families lives while intertwining the two. I've never seen such horrible child abuse of this little boy, which was quite hard to watch. It truly hurt to see that precious little boy tortured and scarred by a madman who listens to cow skulls, and the ending was totally predictable making it another just above average slasher film.<br /><br />The film then moves on to 1994, 5 years later, where the slasher seems to be living comfortably with his kidnapped child in his father's long abadoned meat slaughter plant and house. This is where the film brings in 2 more families who will unfortunately cross paths with the slasher and his adopted son. The story line moves well when introducing more characters, but when the characters gradually move out of the film, the ending becomes predictable.<br /><br />Ever since seeing The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, slasher fims are basically the same- waiting for the slasher to attack, seeing the slashing and waiting to see when and if the slasher will get it in the end. What makes this film different, is it begins as a kidnapping, moves into other families lives while intertwining the two. I've never seen such horrible child abuse of this little boy, which was quite hard to watch. It truly hurt to see that precious little boy tortured and scarred by a madman who listens to cow skulls, and the ending was totally predictable making it another just above average slasher film.
Bereavement is a horror film that seems to be a combination of "Frailty" meets "Psycho" with a twist of "Texas Chain Saw Massacre". This movie starts out with the dark stranger trolling the neighborhood for children when he abducts young Martin Bristol. We soon find out the stranger is a serial killer that loves to butcher and murder young women because he is being driven or possessed by the ghost of his late father.  The child has an illness that thankful causes him to feel no pain. While the serial killer continues his reign of terror over the years the young boy stands by in terror to witness these horrific crimes. Allison is a young woman who has recently lost both of her parents and she comes to the small town to stay with her uncle and his family. While Allison is exploring the new town she meets a handsome young man named William. Allison is trying to get use to everything and she soon becomes intrigued by the empty slaughter house she jogs by and wonders who is the young boy she keeps seeing in the window.  This movie has a great plot that quickly draws you in but the delivery gets lost along the way somewhere. I think that the ending leaves a lot to be desired so I was happy when I found out this movie was a prequel to Malevolence and I can't wait to watch that to see how it all ties in. Good job Steven Mena, I think with a slightly bigger budget this could become a really successful franchise.
Look, I say this a lot when I give something a one star review- I don't just give out this rating. To get one star, a movie has to legitimately make me mad, and Bereavement did just that in a number of ways. This feels like a Sci-Fi channel original movie that got a slightly better than average budget, and some good looking ladies. Apart from that, there's NOTHING positive I can say about Bereavement. Sure, it breaks a few rules of horror movies here and there, and how everything comes to a close towards the end isn't how most would expect, but that doesn't make it good by any means. Apparently this is a prequel to Malevolence, a movie that rarely got checked out when I worked at a movie store, and I'm definitely not in any hurry to see that one now.<br /><br />The movie starts out with a young boy named Martin being abducted from his own backyard by a plain looking man, as his [easy on the eyes] mom interviews a potential nanny. He's taken to a slaughter house where the man takes young girls and kills them. Cut to a few years later and we meet the main character, Allison, who has moved from Chicago to the country with her uncle, aunt and niece because her parents died. She's still affected by the loss, and doesn't say much...until she meets a young man that tends to her wounds when she trips during jogging. Her uncle doesn't care for this kid and wants Allison to stay away from him. At the same time, girls are being taken away and brought to the slaughter house where the killer shows Martin his ways so he can follow in his footsteps. Martin hasn't broken free because he has a condition that makes him neutral to everything, and he doesn't feel physical pain either. One day, Allison sees Martin in the abandoned slaughter house as she passes by, and decides to see what's going on. I'm sure you know how that'll turn out.<br /><br />I don't even know where to begin with my problems, so let me get the good things out of the way first. Yes I'm going to sound like a typical guy here, but good god were the two main actresses hot. Kathryn Meisle as Allison's aunt looked great in every scene she was in. And it was obvious that the director knew what he was doing during Alexandra Daddario's exercise scenes if you know what I mean. She was literally the one thing that held my interest during the movie. Other than that, the movie definitely had more of a budget than it deserved, so a lot of wounds looked fairly decent.<br /><br />From what the plot summaries on various sites have said, I was expecting this to be a difficult to watch movie, but for different reasons than I ended up with. The cover alone showing a stranger with a young boy is always uncomfortable, and parents will always react stronger to situations like that. The movie starts out with the abduction, and was done well, but then it turns into a basic slasher movie that follows a pattern to the point where I was saying to myself 'here comes the next torture bit' and was right every time. It's hard to get why the antagonist is doing what he's doing too, but it ends up being comical at one point. Either he's crazy, possessed or trying to make up for something that happened a long time ago, or maybe it's all of the above. Who knows? It's never explained. The guy talks to steer skulls he has propped up on walls and other monuments around his home, and there's something covered up in a bed that he talks to. I was hoping that he'd pull the sheets back and reveal an animatronic cow talking to him. That would've made the movie a little more interesting. All of the characters are bland too, and are just there to get the job done in one way or another. I didn't care about any of them aside from Allison and her aunt for the reasons stated above. Characters die in the standard horror movie ways- gunshots, being hit over the head over and over, knives, axes, you name it. And yet you don't get to see a whole lot of it. The gore freaks out there will be disappointed knowing that even something like Children of the Corn showed more than this. Another point to bring up is how the killer is getting away with this for so long when it takes place in such a small town. He keeps a scrapbook of articles and notes about his victims, and it's clear he's been doing this for a long time, so how has no one caught him yet? There's a lot more to talk about but I don't want to ruin the 'shocking ending' for anyone. Let's just put it this way- it's certainly a 'wait...what??' moment, but more in the sense that you don't get why it happened. If you want an ending that really will shock you, watch Oldboy or I Saw the Devil. Bereavement's ending didn't do anything but have me asking 'seriously, you guys went that route?'.<br /><br />The picture and audio quality were better than the movie itself, and I was grateful for that during key scenes involving Allison. Have I made it clear how much easier she made watching this movie? I didn't see any grain or other problems with the picture, and there were times when I was turning the sound down because the screams got so loud. All in all, no complaints here. Special features include a commentary track and deleted scenes...but they didn't work for me! When I'd select them, nothing happened. This is probably just an error with my disc, but it was good to see that they put something on here. If I had been able to see anything, I probably would've given the dvd a 2 out of 5 instead.<br /><br />This is the kind of movie that makes me shake my head in shame at what's considered 'horror' these days, and then again at how many people praise something like this. Is it a generation thing? I'm just 26, and not one of those people that says all old horror movies are better than modern ones, but Bereavement isn't helping fight that argument in modern horror's favor. Maybe kids in their mid-teens will get more out of this one, or just people who like anything with blood. I almost want to boost the rating to 2 stars because of the leading ladies and the fact that they did at least put some special features on here, but that's no better than people praising this movie for it's obscenely lame ending and giving it 5 stars because of that.
This is a horror film. Its director said he wanted to explore the psychology of madness and the passing of madness from one person to another; and he succeeds in doing so. The film also prompts us to think.<br /><br />In 1989, a serial killer, driven to inflict brutality upon teen age girls and then murdering them, kidnaps a six-year old boy who doesn't speak and happens to suffer from a disease that causes him not to feel pain. He teaches the boy all he knows, but five years later the boy still doesn't do what the killer does.<br /><br /> Unlike the boy who doesn't experience pain, the killer inflicts pain upon himself and sees something, sometimes a human shadow and sometimes the skeleton of an animal, that tell him to commit the brutal acts and murder, generally by stabbings. He seems to have twisted religious ideologies. He also seems to be overwhelmed with guilt. Viewers will have to listen and decide why he feels the guilt. Perhaps it is over killing (stabbing) animals, for his father was a butcher and raised him to follow this profession. What and why he hears the commands to kill is also something viewers need to decide. Perhaps it is both the voice of the animals and of his father. The animal may be speaking to him of the need for atonement for killing them by killing girls; his father by urging him to continue his tradition, although in a bizarre manner. He repeats several times: "If they have no feelings, they have no fear; but if they have no fear, why do they run?" The film doesn't explain this. He certainly knows that the animals and the girls have fear. Maybe he is expressing a sympathetic hope that the animals he killed had no fear. This would be consonant with his guilt feelings. Why he brutalizes and kills teenage girls is another question. Perhaps because they tend to scream and he feels the need to silence the screams of pain. Viewers will also need to decide how they understand the boy's development in the middle of the film and especially in the surprise ending.<br /><br /> A second plot involves Allison, age 17, who visits her uncle in this community after her parents die in a car accident.  She becomes emotionally involved with an apparently unstable boy of about her age. The film is filled with drama and tension. These increase when the primary and secondary plots intersect.<br /><br /> The DVD has several special features. One is a long discussion about the film by its director, which is excellent.
As more time goes by, I personally believe it becomes more challenging maybe even difficult to make a horror movie truly scary, fresh and original.  This is mainly due to the plethora of remakes, stale ideas and clich&eacute;s that submerge the horror genre of film.  As for this independent horror movie named "Bereavement", it is able to succeed in some areas and fail miserably in others.<br /><br />The movie has an interesting plot, rather two plots that end up blending into one.  I actually really like this formula, it was vey engaging.  Story plot one, in 1989 a young boy named Martin who has a rare medical condition that allows him to not feel physical pain is kidnapped.  He is kidnapped by a man who is a psychopath/serial killer named Sutter.  Sutter finds young women, kidnaps them and takes them back to his condemned slaughterhouse and uh...slaughters them.  Now since Martin can't feel pain and he is already a bit touch, Sutter believes Martin is an omen to continue his good work and follow his path of restitution.<br /><br />Story plot two, fast forward five years later, a 17 year old girl named Allison (played by the attractive Alexandra Daddario) comes to live with her aunt and uncle and 10 year old cousin after her parents die in a car accident.  Allison's uncle is played by Michel Biehn and I have to say I really enjoyed seeing him in a staring role again.  Biehn has a really subtle presence that is so believable.  Well needless to say Allison is ambivalent about staying with her extended family and moving from Chicago to a more rural town.  This promotes some conflict and interesting character development.<br /><br />Now that Martin has spent five years under Sutters' "guidance" it leaves much to interpretation of how watching a man torture and slaughter women can influence one's development. It isn't long before Allison and her family cross paths with Sutter and Martin, which results in some interesting and gory outcomes; it is a horror movie after all.<br /><br />I have to say that I truly have some mixed feelings about this movie. I found the set up and the pace to be perfect.  The acting was impeccable, for this type of film; there really wasn't a bad performance.  The boy who played Martin did a wonderful job. The unfortunate part was the movie, at least for me, fell apart in the last half hour or so.  The once smooth pace became befuddled, redundant, over the top and suffered so many horror film stereotypes.  I found these pigeonhole movie ruses disenchanting since this movie was doing such a good job of breaking the "norm".  Once the film was over, I felt a bit let down.<br /><br />I didn't realize until after I watched this movie that it is a prequel to "<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007LPSM2">Malevolence</a>". I have never seen "Malevolence" and am not sure if my viewing of it would really alter my opinion of its predecessor or not.  I do believe that horror fans will enjoy this movie and might like it even more if they have seen "Malevolence".  I for one have seen horror movies that are more scary, fresh and original than this one.
Rule #1 for pretty women in horror films: never realize you're a character in a horror film.  The minute she recognized the wheezy stereotypes, Alexandra Daddario should have beat feet for the nearest romantic comedy or science fiction spectacular.  Instead, she walked deeper into the carnival funhouse, conveniently already dressed in a tank top with no bra.  Everything she suffers could be avoided if she paid attention to the boilerplates.<br /><br />I liked this film's first hour, with its convergent plots of the grim slaughterhouse versus Allison (Daddario) struggling to fit into bucolic Minersville, Pennsylvania.  But that never pays off.  Instead, in the clinch, director Stevan Mena gets caught up in horror conventions, finding ways to show off body parts and push the pretty lady into pain and humiliation.  The egregiously fatalistic product is neither scary nor particularly insightful.<br /><br />Every significant plot point appeared plagiarized from superior classics.  Sarah and I sat through the whole film catcalling lines from <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0783225849">Psycho</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005LINC">Silence Of The Lambs</a>, and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/6305972591">Children of the Corn</a>, because this unoriginal mishmash left us little to consider besides all the films it rips off.  This lack of imagination is too hackneyed even for comedy.  Despite some early surprises and well-designed shots, they never pay off in anything significant.<br /><br />Mena offers an opening section that could pay off in an interesting family tragedy or cop drama.  Then he rewards our loyalty with a banal slasher climax that makes me want to shrug.  I can't fathom what audience would seek out this frightless, paint-by-numbers snoozer.  Every dink with a Super-8 and two dimes to rub together wants to make a horror film.  Most of them, including Stevan Mena, should resist the temptation.
Bereavement is the 2010 prequel to indie slasher film Malevolence, written and directed by Steven Mena. If you haven't heard of Malevolence, I can't say I'm particularly surprised. It was a small, almost no-budget slasher film, the story of some bank robbers and their hostages who hide out in a house that turns out to be home to a serial killer.<br /><br />The one noteworthy plot point to an otherwise aggressively average film was the reveal in the last fifteen minutes that the killer was a boy who was kidnapped by a killer two decades before and brought up to take over killing people. It was the most disturbing concept in the original film, finding the older killer's journal where he talks about how strong the boy is getting, knowing that he would one day become a victim as well.<br /><br />So it's no surprise that Bereavement takes up that plot as its basis. It is the story of Martin, a six year old boy with CIPA kidnapped by serial killer Graham Sutter. Sutter believes that causing pain cleanses people of sin, and that Martin's insensitivity to pain makes him a pure spirit, the only one sinless enough to deserve to absolve others. So begins his lengthy apprenticeship as Graham carves up a variety of people while Martin watches.<br /><br />Parallelled to this story is that of Allison, a 17 year old who comes to the small rural Pennsylvania town where Graham works in secret. Allison (played by Alexandra Daddario before her 'star making' turn as the girl in that Percy Jackson movie) is recently orphaned and is coming to live with her uncle Johnathan (played by Michael Biehn reminding us we're all doomed to middle age eventually). She slowly begins to explore the wide open spaces that are now her home, and her and Martin are brought together slowly.<br /><br />As a horror movie, Bereavement is honestly not particularly great. It's well made, but there are almost no scares in the entire film and when the third act bloodbath finally happens it seems more like lip service to the demands of the genre than something someone was really invested in. A large part of that is because it's a prequel, and so much of the story surrounds the future of Martin, a boy you already know is going to grow up to become a killer.<br /><br />That said, the movie does invest heavily in its characters. Allison's slow awakening to the world around her, coming out of her grief, is well acted and the small human drama between her and her uncle is genuinely interesting. At the same time, Martin's experiences with Sutter's bloody tutalige are a weird mixture of angry, violent, and sympathetic and sweet. Sutter is a monster, but he is clear-minded in his insanity, and he seeminly takes great care to groom Martin in his image.<br /><br />There's an interesting story here, about the nature of evil in people and how the circumstances in which one is raised create the person. It's a slow burn and it seems content to take its time building up the characters into people with actual motivations and personalities. It's a rare thing in the genre, and it makes it easy to forgive a lot of its other flaws. Unfortunately, all the subtext of the film eventually gets spelled out and then shoved aside in favor of the genre trappings, Allison in peril and Martin ending up exactly where we already know he will. So when all these interesting characters start getting bumped off, it doesn't heighten the fear, it just seems like so much wasted potential.<br /><br />Bereavement is better than average for a serial killer movie, to be sure, but I kept hoping it would be something more. Unfortunately, like all genre films and all prequels, it suffers by its expectations. I would have rather seen something revisionist, even at the expense of retconning away the first film, if it would have made a better story. As it is, Bereavement is good parts that never quite come together to make a good film. It is, in the end, more a blip than anything of note, cut down in its prime just like so many of the film's victims.<br /><br />DVD Notes<br />The movie comes with a 30 minute making of feature that seems more like a home video shot on set than a professionally produced piece of ancilliary material. It's a lot of actors goofing off and director Stevan Mena explaining himself to the camera. This is followed up by a much more conventional promo piece that can be easily skipped.<br /><br />There are a number of deleted scenes, detailing two rather meaty subplots that were excised completely from the film. They aren't necessary, but they are good character beats. One in particular, involving Sutter being haunted by the memory of his victims, is genuinely creepier than anything that made it into the actual film.<br /><br />Then there's a commentary by Mena. Mena seems like a nice guy, but he's obviously in love with his film and his actors and watching him talk to himself for 103 minutes about how great everything turned out is more great sleeping material than an informative commentary. It's not a train wreck, but it's perfunctory, which might be worse.
This is why I'd never heard of this movie before, even though I'm sort of a movie buff.  It pretty much sucks.  The first part is slow and boring, a few slasher scenes notwithstanding.  Michael Biehn turns in a poor performance, and neither the killer nor his kiddie apprentice are believable at all.  There's just too little evil in the killer.  The rest of the film is mostly predictable and like the setup, really needed some good editing (and acting, and scripting, and everything).
This is a prequel to writer/director Stevan Mena's earlier slasher film "Malevolence." Here Mena attempts to go behind the urge to kill in order to explain how a maniac's psychology is forged. This maniac follows in the tradition of Michael Myers, Jason, and other serialized killers, in most respects, especially in the sense that he is "pure evil."<br /><br />I'm not sure the psychological explanation is convincing. We get something of a muddle of motive. However the main point, that by living in an atmosphere of unremitting violence, one will become imbued with it and inured to committing it - might have some validity. Attempts at analysis aside though, this is an effective thriller, largely because of its skillful photography.<br /><br />Here the killer resides in an eerie, closed abattoir that itself becomes a main character in the movie. The place is replete with suspension hooks, conveyors, and an incinerator once used to process pigs and cattle. The place continues to loom over the agricultural Pennsylvania landscape where the action is set.<br /><br />The rusty truck that the killer drives out in when he hunts for human prey is another prime character in the movie. It glides over a rise in the road behind the next likely victim, like Jaws cruising the waters.<br /><br />The film also has an unusual arc. It doesn't necessarily proceed according to slasher film formulas when it comes to who falls prey.<br /><br />There is a fair amount of blood splatter here, but Mena toned down the gore in favor of more indirect chills in a number of scenes.<br /><br />The DVD includes a director's commentary, found hidden away in the "Set-Up" section of the Menu. (I wonder how many commentaries I've missed by not looking for them under "Set-Up" instead of in the more obvious "Extras" or "Bonus Features.") There are also some other Special Features worth watching - some behind-the-scenes insights into how the actors worked and played on the set.<br /><br />Overall, this film portrays a frightening, violent dementia that had me hooked from the start.
This movie has a lot of elements you'd find in the Texas Chainsaw Massacre movies on a lower budget.. The picture/sound/music was quite nice and appropriate for this type of movie. The main character, Allisson had a tendency to never wear a bra, thus, this kept you glued to the screen the whole time to see what happens next in the movie.. Acting was good for the most part, particularly in her case. Micheal Biehn fell a little flat in my opinion but played a solidly.<br /><br />Overall, this is definitely one to watch if your a slasher movie fan, but dont expect much in the way of a storyline nor any special twists.
Understanding that this is a prequel to the movie Malevolence, this movie may, in fact, be more meaningful than it came off as a standalone, since I cannot attest to how much it ties into the first movie. I understand that these movies are supposed to be a trilogy ultimately with Bereavement as the first installment, Malevolence as the middle, and one more to come after the sequence of both these movies. In general, I haven't seen out of sequence movies work particularly well.  I mean it didn't even work for Star Wars since you know what's going to happen, it's simply an element that's been taken away from the enjoyment. The primary message of this story focuses on the never ending debate of nature vs. nurture.  Can you take a young innocent sweet child and turn them into a psychopath?  To me, this movie was more about natural selection, because the characters in this movie were simply TSTL, too stupid to live.<br /><br />A young six year old boy, Martin, with a very rare medical condition that enables him to feel no pain, is kidnapped in the beginning of the film by a crazy psychopathic killer.  It's unclear to me if Martin was actually targeted by the killer since he seems to know right away that Martin can feel no pain, but the circumstances of the man's living conditions and the way he's trolling for victims makes it appear more random.  Regardless, we flash forward five years and Martin is still living with the killer and has witnessed five years of stabbing and mutiliation of female after female and the victims are plentiful indeed.  Close by, a teenage Allison comes to live with her uncle and his family after the death of her parents in a car crash.  Allison is withdrawn and rebellious and takes out her pain and frustration by jogging which leads her past the killer's ramshackle home.  When Allison sees Martin in the window time after time, she grows curious and eventually decides to inspect the home where she finds unspeakable horror.<br /><br />With the synopsis over, let's move on to the TSTL moments.  The movie contains a limitless amount of kidnapped women in what appears to be a very small community where neighbors are miles and miles from one another.  The killer obviously leaves his neighborhood to find his victims, but after so many, you'd think that police/FBI and surrounding area citizens would be leary and on the lookout.  The movie actually takes place from 1989 to the mid 90's and the psychopath grabs his victims in public and broad daylight half the time with a very conspicuous vehicle that apparently no one ever notices.  Not likely.  The victims who are kidnapped apparently only know how to scream in this film and there is absolutely no sense of self preservation.  Apparently when you know your life is on the line, punching, kicking, and arming yourself with the plethora of knives sitting in front of you doesn't occur to anyone.  Just meeting total strangers does not prevent you from accepting a ride with them.  Whatever happened to don't talk to strangers?  During escape attempts, you should simply scream so the killer knows where you are.  And never ever should you call for backup or try to get the police.  It was simply obnoxious and you pretty much want the killing scenes to end because they're all about the gore factor.  This movie is incomplete and disconnected with the timeframe which it takes place. You know every minute with every scream what is going to happen, not only because the first movie pretty much tells you, but the creators of this movie didn't even try to throw a surprise at us.  There's no mystery, police procedure, red herrings or anything else.  It's simply a timeline of how an evangelical madman can raise someone in his image with the help of the incompetent citizens living around him.
It's my own fault that I expected more from this movie. I chose it in a rush and based on only one review that said Bereavement is a psychological thriller. Had I researched even a little more I would have quickly learned that Bereavement is a slasher flick.<br /><br />The movie has a scene in which a teacher very briefly touches on the age old nature versus nurture debate. That is about as psychological as the movie gets.<br /><br />In the opening scene we meet Martin, a little boy abducted from his home at six years old. Flash forward five years and Martin is living with and witnessing the violent acts of a stab happy maniac. Oooohhhhh... Will Martin end up being a product of his genes (nature) or a product of his experiences (nurture)... The fact that this movie is a prequel is a huge clue.<br /><br />Character development and plot are lacking, but hey, they really are not that important anyway to this movie. We learn enough about the individual characters to establish the reasons for their decisions (many, many stupid decisions). I was very grateful to not see any scenes in which women wearing high heels run from imminent homicide.<br /><br />However, adolescent boys will be most grateful for the very generous helping of scenes featuring Alexandra Daddario as the beautiful, tight-tank-top wearing, young, busty heroine. Ms. Daddario was every bit as talented in this movie as she was in "Percy Jackson & The Olympians." (For what that's worth.) The other members of the cast were not as easily recognizable to me but performed every bit as well as Ms. Daddario. (Again, for what that's worth.)<br /><br />If you are a big "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" fan, this movie has many of the same endearing qualities and much higher production values. Personally, I like a lot less blood and gore and more story, but I get that this is a horror film and know that it is right up the alleys of many members of a much younger demographic.<br /><br />All in all, I didn't hate it.
BEREAVEMENT (2010) is a ghastly exercise in psychopathic misogyny, crimes perpetrated by a violent maniac who adds outrage to the mortal woundings he inflicts in a dungeon-like abbatoir by forcing a six-year-old boy he'd previously kidnapped to watch the slaughtering of bound and sometimes impaled young women. Graham Sutter's murder spree is in response to orders he receives from the skull of a dead bull, which is mounted on a wall in a place of honor. He often has one-sided arguments with this... thing.<br /><br />Martin's got a condition that doesn't allow him to feel physical injury, so when Sutter slices open his cheek or pins his hand to a wooden table by ramming a carving knife through it, the boy has no reaction. Viewing Sutter's murders does cause young Martin to flee...at first, and try to help some of these condemned girls to escape. It's easy to anticipate what this poor kid will do later in the story.<br /><br />The first stomach-turning killings are of nameless females. Soon though, we meet a teen named Allison, the uncle and family who adopted her after her folks were killed in a car wreck, also Allison's boyfriend William and his dad, which is essentially a cameo by John Savage. Like his character in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0783225997">THE DEER HUNTER</a> (1978), here he's confined to a wheelchair, this time because of a construction site accident. An unwashed, unshaven, dissolute alcoholic, Savage makes life miserable for his fledgling auto mechanic son. This part of the story is never really developed, nor is William's relationship with Allison, beyond some late-night necking at a closed drive in theater.<br /><br />After seeing the drunken father's rantings and having her aunt tells Allison that William's mom committed suicide by hanging, she wanders off to be alone with her thoughts, and ends up at reclusive Sutter's wreck of a slaughterhouse. Unlike the other girls who were dragged there, Allison enters the place on her own, trying to catch six-year-old Martin, whom she noticed was watching her from the other side of a broken window. Sutter soon has his next terrified prisoner.<br /><br />As they all live near to Sutter's property, Allison's uncle comes looking for her when she stays out all night, and by chance, William spots the uncle's pickup at Sutter's while riding by on his motorcycle and he also comes looking. This  last half-hour of the movie is more demented than anything the Marquis de Sade ever imagined. Outrageous events escalate until at the end we're nauseated by the gore and depravity.<br /><br />I suppose BEREAVEMENT is a good movie if you like this sort of thing. I came away from it feeling bloodstained and emotionally abused, more so because I hung in to the end, so any sustained "injury" was self-inflicted.
There is a refreshing and quite capable hand at work behind the story and camera in Bereavement, the follow up prequel to the surprisingly effective Malevolence.  The period that is evoked of the late 80s is done so without an ounce of music or forced nostalgia just an eye for detail and set direction.  The story that is told is effective and grounded thanks to a lack of unnecessary plot twists and crisp editing and acting.  It had been awhile since I had watched Malevolence but in a way this is more of a remake with better production values than a straight up prequel as the first movie touches on the same story arc in many places.  I am going to assume this was made on a fairly small budget by up and coming Mena and credit goes to his crew and cast for turning in a chilling and engrossing take on a not entirely fresh story.  The soundtrack and cinematography lend this film a mildly surreal air that I would have liked to have stretched further, however if you like an engrossing and harrowing film with believable characters and a little gore then look no further.
Well I had mixed feelings after watching this movie and to be perfectly frank, had they had a couple of different actors and a bit more money in the budget, it could have been a whole lot better. Now that isn't to say or imply that this movie isn't worth seeing, but I personally had issues with not so much the movie itself, but the portrayal of all the stupid "blonde" bimbos that seem to be so pervasive in horror movies. I mean really isn't there any females out there that have even a few brain cells between their ears and the ability to NOT scream and whine and cry at every conceivable moment? The only decent female character in this movie is the main character Alison.<br /><br />Also, regardless of the community size, but especially a small farming community, wouldn't it seem to be a VERY BIG DEAL if young women were constantly turning up missing? Not quite so in this movie though.<br /><br />Now I am not going to give the plot of the story away, but it did have a few interesting moments and a couple of semi-okay twists, but it is definitely not a <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000LP6KNU">The Silence of the Lambs</a>.<br /><br />Shawn Kovacich<br />Creator of numerous books and DVDs.
Bereavement<br /><br />This movie started out pretty good. But as it progressed, it became predictable. That isn't to say that it wasn't good, just not as much to scare or thrill you with. The gore factor isn't so bad because the scenes are really dark. I normally watch these kinds of movies so it doesn't bother me as much as it might for someone who doesn't normally view horror movies.<br /><br />Martin Bristol is kidnapped from his backyard swing set, he is just six years old. He is kidnapped by a serial killer. Because of Martin's disorder, CIPA , the serial killer takes Martin's silence for no fear and finds this an acceptable trait to keep him around to help him clean up his messes. Martin spends years with this serial killer watching him kill.<br /><br />The characters in Bereavement aren't particularly endearing. What kept my interest mostly was trying to figure out the little boy Martin. The movie touches on the theory of what makes a serial killer- things like environment or what's ingrained in the person that makes them want to kill.<br /><br />As someone mentioned, this is a prequel to Malevolence. In Malevolence, the little boy, Martin Bristol, from Bereavement is now several years older and is involved with the killings in Malevolence. Bereavement certainly piques my curiosity to see Malevolence again. Malevolence has less substance in the way of background of the killer and after seeing Bereavement it makes it more interesting.<br />Overall, I think Bereavement is a good flick to rent but I don't think I would spend the money to buy it.
Movies should have some creative storytelling and not just use the crutch of retelling of the same plot for the umpteenth time.<br />Proof:<br />(1.) Mentally ill isolated loner male.<br />(2.) Female victims that seem to run around frantically while screaming. Never seem to do anything remotely intelligent or show awareness of their surroundings e.g. female locked in walk in cooler with big window doesn't bother to find anyone of a number of items next to her to break window. Dumb!<br />(3.) Knives and their cousins in plentiful supply. That, boringly, was the scariest part of the movie.<br />(4.) Dark and foreboding abandoned warehouse and/or rural house as our setting. Oh, and the steer's skull with horns mounted on the wall and outside.<br />(5.) Inept police, and in this case despite what appears to be dozens of missing females from the same local rural region over a period of a decade or so, the police do not appear until the last scene. We know it's local because the one of a kind clunker truck couldn't go a hundred miles and in addition not be noticed. Even so they see nothing suspicious in that three adults were arranged in a circle in the kitchen with what could be easily determined to be a slow burning fire. Also knife wounds would have shown up on bone. Must me too many doughnuts affecting the brain (and the writer/director too).<br />(6.) Sexy female that despite being portrayed as a track/cc star has never heard of a jogging bra or how to actually run without looking like she's in an exercise video. Obviously, her role in the movie is not in her acting skills but some physical attribute.<br />(7.) Kidnapped kid, that nobody searches for nor do we ever see anything about his mother again in the story, is being groomed to be the heir-apparent. Duh!<br />(8.) Actual killings were just a few very fakey stab wounds to a few people. Oh, someone got a shotgun blast to the stomach but later appears dead with the same shirt but without a single hole. Same thing happened to one of the female victims with multiple knife stabs but later no damage can be seen.
I went into this 1 watching with an open mind, even though these slasher type of movies don't do much for me. There was a lot of hype surrounding this one, sadly that's all it was  hype. It starts out pretty well but gorily. Sadly the meandering story goes nowhere, never really develops plot, or the characters into someone who you care about. Then it mindlessly digresses into a mindless slashfest, with no heart. Horrible, predictable, and utterly boring to me. Anyone can film a bloody mess, it takes talent to make it into an interesting story with characters you care about. Gave it an extra star for the pretty girl, thats about it. Don't pay to see this movie.
It's hard to mark down a film that pretty much succeeds in what it aims to do. It's even harder when the production values are obviously very high. The film explores the mental illness behind the Adult serial killer ( Sutter), and also how this spawned the even more higher octane young boy ( played by Spencer List) who has a mental disease that does not allow him to feel pain; so, he can't empathize with the victim's pain, therefore he does not know what you feel. Well, we discover why the Killer Sutter does what he does, but why does the young Boy start to kill? Sutter's demons are explained as being ALL in his mind, in essence a psychological explanation in what is basically a modified slasher film that attempt's to explain why the killer kill's and why his "demon's" are not real.<br />  The sympathy for the key characters takes almost a full hour to be generated. The exposition on screen as to how someone loses empathy with people is covered at about the 46 minute mark. Overall, I would have been happier if the demon's were depicted as supernatural elements, rather than a product of the Killer's mind. In an attempt to get the audience to sympathize with the Killers POV, it loses what I think is a large part of the entertainment value. Calling this the "new Gold Standard in the Psycho Killer genre" is a disappointment. If I go to the cinema, or watch a DVD, I really don't expect a film that at times borders on a documentary. The  twists and turns in the script, are very good, however, I do prefer the surreal. There is too much of the "real" in the "reel" now-a-days. But, as dramatically well executed as this film is, the kills are not unique, not original, and very toned down for either budget or editorial reasons; since it is a R certificate, I can only wonder why the kills were done the way they were done, especially in this movie, and especially in this genre( the deleted scenes show some significant omissions that only make sense in one case). Also, as much as the gags were done on the practical, they still did some roto-scope or CGI work to remove some elements. Anyone who has seen the extreme characters in Criminal Minds, and to a lesser extent in NCIS, will recognize the character who feels no pain, but to explore this from the Killer's POV without a Surreal and hence entertaining foil ( I expect a film to take me outside of the real, not deeply into it) is just a cheat and a rationalization of the way real life killers are. Hence, this is a higher grade of Slasher with  very good actors, but it skimps on the kills ( which would have<br />been fine with a surreal conceit in the tone).
"Bereavement" is supposedly the chilling prequel to "Malevolence," another supposedly chilling film.  However, after watching this dud, I have no plans on giving "Malevolence" a look.<br /><br />"Bereavement" tells two stories at once.  Firstly, it gives us a look at the horrific childhood of Martin Bristol (Spencer List), who suffers from a condition that prevents him from feeling heat, cold, pain, etc.  He is kidnapped as a toddler by Graham Sutter (Brett Rickaby), a serial killer who has the same condition.  Sutter forces little Martin to witness and sometimes participate in the brutal murder of innocent and seemingly random women as Sutter tries to understand their pain.<br /><br />The second story in this film is that of Allison Miller (Alexandra Daddario).  She moves from busy Chicago to the rural home of her uncle, Jonathan (Michael Biehn), and his family after her parents pass away.  As is always the case in movies, she is having a bit of trouble adjusting to her new home, but finds solace in her daily runs that pass in front of an abandoned slaughterhouse that is conveniently the home of Graham and Martin and their growing body count of dead girls.<br /><br />The two stories come together when Allison notices Martin looking out of a window at the slaughterhouse and she decides to find out what is going on with the mysterious little boy.  Blood, guts, and gore ensue.<br /><br />The film is nothing more than an excuse for the FX guys to chunk fake blood at the screen and the actors, for the director to attempt to gross you out with said fake blood, and for the actors to scream their heads off (every female in the movie) or passively go through the motions (Biehn).<br /><br />I enjoy Biehn's work usually (especially in "Tombstone"), but he looked as if he didn't even want to be on set for the duration of the film.  Spencer List did little more than have a questioning look on his face the entire time.  Rickaby pulled off psycho fairly good, but wasn't enough to save the film.  Allison's love interest, William (Nolan Gerard Funk), did a decent job as well.  The victims over-acted as much as possible to sell how terrible their situation was.<br /><br />Daddario gave a very thin performance, and in true virginal beauty Hollywood  fashion, wore a shirt that was just as thin.  While she was quite nice to look at, her performance was nothing to brag about.<br /><br />Overall, "Bereavement" will most likely appeal to fans of hack trash like "Saw" and "Hostel," but it will never add much to an already bloated genre of weak films.<br /><br />Not recommended.
A young boy, denied an education and forced to work in the family's animal processing plant while being repressed and abused by his father, grows up to be the creepy guy who lives alone at the now closed dilapidated plant in the middle of nowehere. He drives the beater looking van from the business and spends his time punching young women and dragging them back to his lair. Just for kicks, he picks up a young, seemingly mute boy and brings him back to learn the new family business.<br /><br />Pan ahead 5 years, and we see voluptious, orphaned Allison arriving from Chicago to move in with her aunt and uncle in this boring small farm town; I mean, really, it's so small that the local high school doesn't have "much call for girls' sports" (and this is the 90s). Mix in a bit of teenage rebellion, the local bad boy with a drunken, wheelchair-bound father, a motorbike and a penchant for auto mechanics, and a daily running regimen that takes young Allison right by the old Sutter place, and you have a recipe for what is unfortunately an all too familiar slasher flick.<br /><br />Pros: The scenery is fantastic. The camera slowly pans through a bleak and desolate area in rural Pennsylvania that looks like its better days are far behind it. The characters are isolated and this is brought home by the camera work. Brett Rickaby is pretty darn good as Graham Sutter. I could buy his insanity and religious compulsions. Graham has some of the best lines in the movie, and I liked his scenes the most, especially when he was conversing or arguing with the unseen tormentor who commands him to kill. Spencer List as Martin Bristol does a decent job as the dirty-faced little mute apprentice whose CIPA fascinates and frightens Graham, his captor/mentor/patriarch. Bereavement was made with a relatively low budget and it makes the most of its resources. The "making of" featurette in the Special Features is quite interesting.<br /><br />Cons: Did Michael Biehn (long live Kyle Reese!) actually show up for taping? I like him and I usually enjoy his performances, but his delivery of Allison's uncle is just ho-hum. Overall the dialogue is forced and wooden and the plot is unsurprisingly thin. The murder scenes are either going to be too horrific for some viewers or not bloody enough, depending on which side of the slasher fan fence you fall on. There are plenty of scenes of bound women crying and pleading for their lives and there is plenty of blood but very little violence is actually shown (with the exception of one scene that I have to admit made me cringe). Most of it involves widened eyes, more screaming, and camera cuts to blood spraying against the walls.<br /><br />No one picks up a film with a description that includes "serial killer with a tendency for butchering teenage girls" without expecting gore, misogyny, and horrific acts committed against the characters. The outcome of such films is usually already assumed. I won't even rail against any of that because a) it is just part of the genre, and b) I like slasher films and anticipate them as mindless fun. Unfortunately it is more and more difficult to create a slasher film now that is unique or delivers any surprises. Bereavement is nothing new. This is a plot we've seen over and over in countless slasher films.<br /><br />I admit that I was intrigued by the blurb on the cover of the DVD that proclaims Bereavement to be "The Indie Horror Shocker of the Year!" But the delivery falls quite short of that. There are elements here that have potential (Graham, introducing a child apprentice in a world of torture and killing, etc.), but the story goes nowhere, and Steven Mena left out one crucial element of a successful slasher film: give us a character to root for. None of these characters is developed to the point of being sympathetic, and I ended up hoping that the inevitable ending would arrive quickly.
This movie is on the same sick level as the "Saw" movie series.... bloody, cold, violent and sick.  I actually had a hard time watching it but wanted to see it through to the end so I could properly review it.  I know there are those who enjoy watching this kind of movie, but it just isn't something I can recommend.  This movie shows the brutal killing of numerous innocent victims over many years.  The torture and fear the victims endured were equally sickening.  I would urge everyone to avoid this senseless, sick movie.  Whereas it may depict some degenerate part of our society I don't think we need to memorialize it on DVD.
This movie is so repetitive and unoriginal. I'd give it one star but that is like giving 0 stars in my opinion (since one star is mandatory). Some of the acting was ok, so it gets 2 stars. Seriously though, skip this movie. I kept zoning out and dozing off until I heard the screaming; the same thing kept happening over and over again. It's one of those movies where the foreshadowing is so pointless because without it you already know what's going to happen, so you can't really be surprised, only annoyed that they thought this was actually going to be engrossing.
Bereavement is a prequel to the painfully average slasher flick Malevolence that improves immeasurably on that predictable and formulaic film and instead follows in the footsteps of the original Texas Chainsaw Massacre while adding in deeper character work and psychological themes to create one of the better modern serial killer films.  Horror fans will not want to miss this one as it is indeed a truly nasty piece of work.  That said, there are plenty of more unrelentingly brutal, gory, and disturbing underground horror flicks out there, but this is one that takes the time to work on a storytelling and character level in addition to making you squirm and question the existence of a loving God.<br /><br />Bereavement opens up with a nightmare right off the top.  A young boy with a condition that makes him unable to feel pain is abducted by a man driving a vehicle so creepy it should have "rape-mobile" painted on the side in blood.  The man is a deranged serial killer working out of his family's abandoned slaughterhouse and seems to take the child's immunity to pain as a sign of divine purity and begins raising him as his successor.  So right away, you can see this won't be a film you'll want to watch on family night.  From there, the narrative splits into sections, expertly following the stories of a young waitress about to have a bad week, the boy and his new surrogate parent, and a city girl moving out to the country to live with her aunt and uncle following the death of her parents.  The stories will converge and you ask yourself once again: who will survive and what will be left of them?<br /><br />Now, at this point I'd like to point out that for a horror flick, the cast of this film is very strong.  Leading lady Alexandra Daddario...just wow.  Like Megan Fox and  Jessica Biel had an impossible love child destined to be hotter than either of them.  I don't often carry on too much about how gorgeous an actress is in a film review, but I'll make an exception this time.  I really hope to see this girl break out into bigger roles.  Fraternal twins Spencer and Peyton List steal the show performance-wise as the film's two child roles.  Spencer brings the tortured creepiness and Peyton pours on the charm.  Very talented young actors.  Brett Rickaby also plays one hell of a psychopath.  I also seldom praise horror film casts, so consider this a good reason to see the film even if the likes of Leatherface and Jason do little for you.  This is closer in tone to Henry: Portrait of  a Serial Killer meets Wolf Creek in spite of it`s surface resemblance to TCM.  This has none of that film's black comedy.<br /><br />Okay, bloody death.  It's not an ever-present barrage, but when it happens you feel it like a meat hook through your leg.  Lots of disturbing images to make you gasp and cringe, and rest assured that nobody if off limits to kill or be killed, regardless of age or innocence.  Bereavement forgoes the typical lascivious exploitation present in most slasher films (aside from having the lead actress spend plenty of time in a tank top) in favor of exploring some interesting psychological and social themes as well as explicitly portraying the madness of the film's killer as he continually tries to justify his deeds with contradictory mantras and conversations with imaginary demons.  Disturbing stuff, and very effective in elevating the material a notch above typical slasher/serial killer fare.<br /><br />Bereavement is a solid horror flick that manages to take the high road in terms of storytelling while still delivering the gore and nastiness we've come to expect from underground horror.  It's not exactly a masterpiece, but it's arguably best TCM-style film since the original classic, so that's something to get excited about.  Seeing Malevolence is not a precursor to enjoying or understanding this film so don't let that stop you. In fact, I recommend skipping Malevolence altogether unless you're on a mission to see every slasher film ever made.  The DVD comes with deleted scenes -some of which were wisely cut and others were actually quite good and creepy in their own right-, but hearing that a lot of the more brutal scenes were cut from the film and not seeing them there was kind of a bummer.  There's also a run-of-the-mill "making-of" and a few other knick-knacks, but none of it really essential.  Do stay after the film credits for a parting bit of creepiness, though.  If you're looking for a decent horror flick to make you cringe and think about the nature/nurture debate at the same time, Bereavement may be your stop.  I find most slasher flicks to be little more than a few formulaic cheap thrills and jump scares worthy of three stars at best, but this is one that may be worth your attention.
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and I make it a point of watching low budget b movies.  I expected a bad movie, lousy dialogue, bad acting.  But this was just an excuse to show the torture of young women.  A good horror movie, does a little more than just show degradation.  No suspense, no tense moments.  Obvious ending.  I can't believe I wasted time watching this drivel.
Bereavement seems to start off as two different movies in one.  On one hand, you have the crazy serial killer who talks to the skull of an animal who kidnaps and kills teenage girl by stabbing them repeatedly in their stomachs.  He has also kidnapped an "apprentice" a young boy who does feel pain.  Across the town there is a coming of age story of a teenager (Alexandra Daddario, Percy Jackson) who moves in with her uncle after her parents die in a car accident.<br /><br />She has to adjust from growing up in the big city of Chicago to small town Pennsylvania and naturally this involves a boy from the wrong side of the tracks.  About an hour into the movie the two genres finally collide when Daddario sees the small boy in the window of an abandoned meat packing plant and goes in to investigate.  Naturally a bad idea.<br /><br />Bereavement attempts to be a thinking man's horror movie and almost achieves it.  It is a nice diversion from the genre than your run of the mill slasher flick without a discernable plot.  But if you do like horror films where the kills get bigger and more elaborate, this is not for you.
I wanted to like this, because I love a good scare, I love blood and gore and I love violence in movies. Not all of the time, but some of the time. I mean, how can you be scared without violence and blood and gore. Well, you can be. Alfred Hitchcock could do it.<br /><br />But this movie I couldn't watch. Once you start bringing the horror to children like they do here, I turn off. Women too, the scenes weren't necessary. I'll say it again, I couldn't watch this.
This story is low on the horror, high on the gore.<br /><br />Strange on the morality, even the folks who don't smoke or have sex end up poorly.<br /><br />The acting was okay.  The cinematography was not so bad.  The story was rural, limited, and the set up for a sequel is weak at best.<br /><br />I cannot recommend this movie.
I would like to start by saying i do not understand all the negative reviews. I rented this move from a redbox and found it to be very good. The movie had plenty of scary scenes and the storyline was terrifying the directing and acting was done very well. This is one of my favorite horror movies of the year.
I was not sure what to expect from  this film, but even without high expectations, I found myself disappointed.  This struck me as nothing more or less than a run-of-the-mill slasher film, purporting to explain the development into a young serial killer of an innocent 5 year-old boy who is abducted from his back yard.<br /><br />I found the film unremarkable in every dimension - writing, production values, acting.
"Bereavement," the prequel to "<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007LPSM2">Malevolence</a>" (which I haven't seen) is a competent film, but it offered little that hasn't been filmed multiple times before. The film begins with the kidnapping of a young boy who lacks the ability to feel pain. Flash forward some time, and the boy's kidnapper is, in fact, a serial killer, preying on women and making the boy watch or even participate in the killings. (He also demonstrates his sadism by cutting the boy in front of the female victims, so those who refuse to watch violence directed against children should look elsewhere).<br /><br />Meanwhile, a young woman has moved in with relatives in the same region where the killer is at work. She, of course, notices strange happenings and begins to investigate while also leading a semi-normal rebellious life that upsets her fairly conservative guardians.<br /><br />There are echoes of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000RIWAVW">Halloween</a> here. It's not that the plots are all that similar, but the way the film is shot and its Midwestern setting certainly reminded me of Carpenter's classic. On balance, though, there just wasn't enough to make this film rise from the ordinary for me. It's competent, as I said, but not much more. Now, it may be that once the trilogy (as I understand is intended) is completed, the three films will fit together into a greater whole, but until then, this was just OK for me.
This was a moderately lackluster effort with no real scares and a story that was not fully realized.  The film attempts to make a statement about the influence of nature vs. nurture, but misfires completely.  I don't want to say anything about what goes on in the movie, so I will make this veiled.<br /><br />We don't know anything about the little boy who is taken, other than that he can't feel pain.  We don't know if he had a super nice life or, really, anything about him or his home, as the film glosses over this very quickly.  He could have had a horrible home or a great home; we don't know.  The ending is not something that you wouldn't see coming and it doesn't say anything about the apparent subject of the movie in any real way, as we don't have any background on the little boy.<br /><br />On top of this, we never really understand the killer's motivation.  He seems to be super sorry for working at the slaughterhouse or some such nonsense, but this isn't explained and is left for the viewer to decide if his insanity is simply run-of-the-mill insanity, or some sort of ideological madness.  At any rate, the killer's motivation is not explored and renders his acts meaningless; blood for shock.<br /><br />If I had to really say other things that are wrong with this movie, I would say that everything is simply perfunctory.  Everything in the movie just is and there is no reason for it.  People do dumb things as in all horror movies and the outcome is the same.<br /><br />I would give this 3/5.
Been a fan of Malevolence since when it first came out and this entry 'Bereavement' doesn't disappoint at all. A good atmosphere, interesting story and characters, and much more violent than the other. I recommend this to any slasher fan!
Bereavement is a prequel to 2005's Malevolence, one of the better slasher movies of the last decade. While it isn't as good as Malevolence, Bereavement is a worthwhile movie. It has a good cast, that includes Michael Biehn (Aliens, The Terminator), some decent gore, and an interesting storyline. What it lacks is the fun slasher vibe of Malevolence. Malevolence paid homage to some of the slasher greats, such as Halloween and Friday the 13th Part 2, while Bereavement seems to be riding on the Torture Porn wave. There are numerous scenes of women chained up and screaming, and that really didn't sit well with me. The movie redeems itself later on, though, with some cool slice and dice moments. The body count really improves in the second half. And since this a slasher movie, that means the movie really improves in the second half, leading to a satisfactory conclusion that is creepy, if not surprising.
I don't know if I like this movie or not? It is done slowly. The story behind it is too depressing because it is way too likely to happen. I could see everything in this story happening in real life.I thought that the plot of the movie was interesting and they really gave you the look inside the mind of a madman. Abducting a child that has no sense of feeling went well with the movie because the killer kept the child around because he could no feel anything and the killer had no feelings. The end of the movie was a little predictable to me but a good ending overall. The blood and gore was pretty good in the film and typical of a slasher/torture flick. If you are into horror movies I would give this a watch because you will more than likely end up enjoying it,but somehow didn't hold your attention much like it should.B
Ineffective storyline plods along from scene to scene of gratuitous torture and murder. A crazy guy's occassional delusions passes for character development. As in many films of this nature there are very attractive women, cast as victims, and they do dumb things that put them in absurdly dangerous situations. In one scene a victim's foot flail's uselessly around the perp's head begging more than the obvious question of why doesn't she kick him in that peanut head-- rather how did the actress AVOID kicking the guy in the head.<br /><br />I did not like the movie.
If you're into slasher/horror movies than you'll love the movie. There's lots of action, gore and few unexpected twists. Definitely worth a watch.
Bereavement is the prequel to Mena's 2007 Malevolence. This movie shows the kidnapping of Martin Bristol, a six year old who cannot feel pain. A demented serial killer with the same condition takes him to make him an apprentice to his butchery of women. The movie progresses showing the child over the next few years as he witnesses and helps clean up after the slaughter of women in a former slaughterhouse. Allison, who loses her parents, comes to live with her uncle who is played by Michael Biehn and is soon drawn into the twisted world of the killer.<br /><br />That is what the plot is supposed to be. What the movie is happens to be a mess of creative leaps with more holes than the most perforated swiss cheese.<br /><br />SPOILERS BELOW!!! WARNING!<br /><br />For example, the killer kidnaps Martin because Martin has the same disease. How does the killer know? Also, this takes place in a very small town. VERY SMALL. Yet, this killer has attacked and butchered dozens of women over the years, including two from this tiny town just in the few months of this movie. I have lived in a town this small. People would know. I promise. Also, the town creep in a small town is the first person a sheriff would shake down should something weird happen. A man takes a shotgun blast from a long distance and is dead instantly. The chances of this happening are very, very small. At every turn, Writer/Director Mena asks you to suspend belief, but you can only suspend yourself for so long before you fall.<br /><br />Not even Michael Biehn can save this movie. His character is wooden and not very likeable, as his former Kyle Reese or Cpl. Hicks. In this, he mainly complains about the `no good' kid his niece wants to date. I hate seeing him relegated to the roll of grumpy old man.<br /><br />If you like torture porn just for the torture, I guess there are a few scenes in here for you. But if you want a few incidentals like story, plot, and likeable characters, then get far, far away from this film.
Don't listen to the people who go on and on about how sick and violent this movie is- if you pick it up on that basis, you're going to be disappointed. There's no actual torture here and no real gore. Just a bunch of standard stabbings and shootings with some blood splatter. The deaths are quick- this is NOT a torture movie. The kills are uncreative- just plain old stabbings mostly. You won't actually see much of the violence, either- the camera usually either cuts away and shows us blood splatter, or you just see darkened figures with no detail when the murders go down.<br /><br />Low gore and uncreative kills can be saved by compelling characters or an interesting plot, but this movie has neither of those things. The plot is muddled and confusing. You think this movie will explain the fascinating psychology of a killer, but for the most part, it doesn't. The movie drags on and on, dull minute after dull minute, rarely revealing any new insights into the killers.<br /><br />*SPOILERS*<br /><br />The main killer is a crazy guy who thinks that steer heads and/or the body of his dead father and/or some scarecrow-like thing are ordering him to kill. He spends a lot of time screaming incoherent nonsense at these objects, which gets old fast. The source of his psychosis never becomes completely clear, but near the very end of the movie, the guy explains that he's killing humans to redeem himself for the fact that his father (who was a butcher) forced him to slaughter animals that trusted him. Um, OK? That still doesn't make a lot of sense.<br /><br />The motives of the kidnapped boy, Martin, are even less clear. After living with the killer for 5 years, Martin still seems disturbed by the killings and even releases one girl at her request. Yet only days later, he's willingly leading a girl to her death and ignoring her cries for help. By the next day, he's already decided to start his own killing spree, despite the fact that he's been rescued from the kidnapper by that point. This sudden change in behavior is never explained at all. At one point, there's a classroom scene about "nature vs nurture" where a teacher says that a child raised in a hateful environment will become a carbon copy of the parents. So basically the explanation is just that this kid grew up with a killer and therefore became a killer himself? If the explanation is that simplistic, I can't fathom why we needed a 90 minute movie to explain it. And it still doesn't explain the kid's sudden change in attitude.<br /><br />Martin could have been an interesting character. He has a disorder that causes him to be unable to feel physical pain. I thought maybe the killer would kidnap him, unaware of his disorder, and then torture him in a bunch of crazy ways, which Martin would be unaffected by due to his disorder, and which would either fascinate or frustrate the killer. But this most definitely does NOT happen. The killer is apparently somehow already aware of Martin's disorder, and he has no real interest in torturing him- he cuts him a couple times, but for the most part he hugs him and treats him as a son and an apprentice. So much less interesting than it could have been.<br /><br />None of the other characters are particularly interesting or well-developed and they all just end up as victim fodder anyways. Also, it was hard to believe that this guy could kill so many local girls in a small town without arousing suspicions at all.<br /><br />If you watch this because you want some creative kills, torture, and extreme gore, you'll be disappointed. If you watch it because you want a psychological thriller with an interesting storyline and characters and insights into the mind of a killer, you'll also be disappointed. There's really nothing here for anyone.
17 year old Allison comes to live with her uncle in rural Pennsylvania after the deaths of her parents. She finds that her world has been turned upside down in a blink of an eye by some stranger who stole everything from her and now she is forced to give up everything that she has known and come to a new place and become a part of a new family. As she jogs around her new home she meets William, the good-looking but troubled youth who lives down the road, and sees a strange boy in the windows of the old closed down slaughter house. Unknown to her at this time, this story started long before Allison came to Pennsylvania.<br /><br />The other story and main character within this movie is Graham, a loner in this small town who has some dark secrets.  A huge factor within this movie is the physiological state of Graham's mind and what he sees in the world around him. You can take it many different ways, as in multiple personalities because of the shadows that only he can see and the way his mood changes, or if in fact he really is taking to his dead father or a demon. Graham's story hints around that his own father abused him and taught him everything that he needed to know about slaughtering animals in their family slaughter house. Graham takes his knowledge and his own need on young women who he finds and then murders in his old family business. When the work is too much for him, or maybe he really just wanted someone to clean up after himself Graham abducts a small boy from another town in hopes of making him just like him. The only difference is that the boy, Martin, has a medical disease that he can't feel any type of pain which might be looked as a blessing to this serial killer.<br /><br />As these two different stories combine into each other, Allison is left fighting not only for her own life but for the lives of her new family. As we travel deeper into the sick mind of a killer many secrets are reveled about the nature of why the killings take place. Graham's haunting words of "If they have no feelings, they have no fear; but if they have no fear, why do they run?" are repeated many times but it not until the end when his words finally make sense to himself.  But will Allison be able to save herself and her family? Will Martin ever escape from Graham?<br /><br />Not to spoil the ending, and for those who have not seen Malevolence, I will leave it up to you to see Bereavement yourselves. The actors did a wonderful job and I have to give applause to Spencer List, who plays Martin, for his outstanding and haunting performance that gave me chills that lasted long after the movie was over. Bereavement is a slasher movie at its best, not for the weak stomach, but doesn't contain an over amount of gore (just what you would expect when slashing someone up) but just enough for this horror movie loving girl to get her fix.
Six-year-old Martin Bristol is the victim of a random kidnapping.  Held prisoner in an abandoned, isolated slaughterhouse, he is forced to watch the psychopathic Graham Sutter (Brett Rickaby of "The Crazies") butcher innocent women as though they were cattle.  Five years later, an orphaned teenager, Allison (Alexandra Daddario of "Percy Jackson & The Olympians"), comes to live with her uncle, Jonathan Miller (Michael Biehn of "The Terminator").  Jogging by the Sutter slaughterhouse, she glimpses Martin peering out of a window.  One day, while investigating the slaughterhouse, she is captured by Graham Sutter and a horrendous nightmare of events soon follows.<br /><br />  Stevan Mena's "Bereavement" is a prequel to the slasher film "Malevolence," which was released in 2004 and has obtained a cult following.  Also written, produced and directed by Mena,  "Malevolence" is a low budget film that chronicles what happens to a group of bank robbers who encounter a malevolent, Jason Voorhees-like serial killer, Martin Bristol.  Anyone who enters his domain dies.  Cursed with a rare neurological disorder that prevents him from feeling pain, he is a super serial killer.  Unfortunately, "Malevolence" has the look and feel of a homemade film.  The acting is amateurish, the plot is predictable and the scares few.  It is mediocre slasher fare that had a lot of potential but the proper funding was not there.<br /><br />  The potential became reality with "Bereavement" thanks to a higher budget, professional acting and innumerable shocks and twists that made the film extremely suspenseful, especially during the last fifteen minutes.  As with many horror films, the audio commentary and "making of" featurettes for "Bereavement" are not only interesting and enjoyable, but educational.  All the extra features are essential viewing.  I was better able to understand the extent of Graham Sutter's psychosis.  When he was a child, he was abused by his father, which resulted in him becoming a serial killer.  Every man desires to pass his "special talents" on to his son.  Thus we have the kidnapping of Martin.  Whereas "Malevolence" was strictly slasher horror, "Bereavement," as explained by Stevan Mena, is psychological horror.  He desired to emphasis the affects of a murder/death on an entire family.  Indeed, every character in the cast had experienced the death of a family member.<br /><br />  Interestingly enough, Mena tells his viewers that he actually lived near an infamous serial killer on Long Island.  This greatly influenced "Malevolence."  The genuine horror is when the viewer learns that the events in "Bereavement" are quite plausible.  Thousands of children, and adults, disappear every year.  What happens to these people?  Also, while traveling from my hometown of Knoxville, Tennessee to Chesapeake, Virginia, I encounter a lot of rural countryside where I see many dilapidated, decaying structures similar to the Sutter slaughterhouse.  Who is living in them and what are they doing?  Conceivably, a serial killer could be living next door to you without your knowledge.<br /><br />  "Bereavement" reminded me of such ground-breaking classics as "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre," "Deranged" and "Three on a Meathook," which are all based on the infamous, true-life serial killer Ed Gein.  The parental abuse of Graham Sutter, and the subsequent hallucinations which he experiences, is supposedly influenced by the character of Norman Bates in "Psycho."  Due to its graphic, gory, tortuous content, "Bereavement" is not intended for the timid and faint of heart.  However, I highly recommend it for fans of slasher films, especially the aforementioned classics.<br /><br />  If you've already seen "Malevolence," then you can easily ascertain how "Bereavement" will end.  However, if you haven't, you are destined for a genuine treat. I recommend watching "Bereavement" first and then renting or buying an inexpensive copy of "Malevolence," which is exactly what I did.  (Many of the same on-location sets were used in both films and the continuity is good considering the films were released at least six years apart.)  According to Stevan Mena, there are plans for a third installment depicting the final outcome of the grown Martin Bristol. I will definitely be adding that one to my slasher flick collection.<br /><br />Joseph B. Hoyos
I've been waiting to see this movie ever since hearing rumours of its existence. Having loved MALEVOLENCE, a straight-forward, fantastically bleak shocker, I looked forward to this prequel. BEREAVEMENT is even better than MALEVOLENCE, in that it has a far more fleshed-out story, more character depth, and is even more wicked in its delivery! Writer / Producer / Director, Stevan Mena, like Ti West, is well-versed in retro-horror, and is great at taking ordinary situations and plunging them into madness. The juxtaposition of rural family life and abduction / sadism is jarring as we watch normality switched back and forth w/ murderous insanity. Two very different types of "child-rearing" are presented, and they collide in the catastrophic finale. BEREAVEMENT can be watched either before or after seeing MALEVOLENCE. It stands alone just as well as it does as a prequel. Highest recommendation...
Writer/director Stevan Mena must have learned a few things while making the inferior "sequel" to "Bereavement," <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0007LPSM2">Malevolence</a>, because "Bereavement" demonstrates skill, sophistication and effectiveness barely hinted at in the earlier effort.  [NOTE: While "Malevolence" was filmed first, "Bereavement" is conceived of as the prequel to that story--a fact driven home in the special features where you can see the clapboards bearing the title "Malevolence 2."]<br /><br />What makes "Bereavement" stand out from the genre pack--apart from much better acting and cinematography than usual--is a story that makes us care about nearly all the characters as individual humans with lives "off screen."  About the one waitress, for example, we know that she has given up a night of studying for her finals to cover a shift for another waitress who must bring someone to the doctor.  This character, in a less ambitious movie, would have merely been slaughter fodder, and we would have gotten to know her viscera without learning anything about her life.<br /><br />Even the psycho killer has an actual human history.  In subtle strokes, a background is brushed in that makes him if not sympathetic at least relatable.  What does become of a child subjected to disorienting messages about loyalty, betrayal, love and pain?  It is a masterstroke that Mena has a high school teacher act as a sort of "Greek chorus" gesturing at the issue with a lecture on the relative roles of genetics and upbringing in cementing ultimate character.<br /><br />While the subplots and secondary characters are all dimensional and fully fleshed, the story centers on one character, Allison Miller, who has recently lost her parents and gone to live with her father's brother, aunt, and niece, in a gorgeous rural setting unlike the Chicago she'd left.  Allison is a distance runner, and her training jogs take her through the pastoral landscape. giving Mena ample opportunity to highlight the menacingly spare and desolate setting.<br /><br />The other central story concerns Martin, abducted as a toddler to serve as psycho's apprentice...unable to feel pain, unwilling to express any thought or feeling.  Interestingly, Martin is played by the real-life twin brother of the actress playing the Miller family's daughter, who is nothing if not verbal (an exchange with her father at bedtime seals the image of her as adorable, making any threat to her all the more heinous).<br /><br />Mena does not shy away from scenes of gut-wrenching, hair-raising horror, but rather than making a torture porn/faux snuff film, he has structured a tragedy with horror at its core.  The movie succeeds far beyond what most in this genre do because the tragedy and horror are mutually reinforcing--the tragic nature of the characters makes their horror seem all the more horrifying and unjust; and the horror that befalls the characters heightens our sense of their tragic circumstances.<br /><br />Not for everyone, but if you appreciate horror with more to it than blood and guts, "Bereavement" represents among the best examples of the past several years.  I look for more from Mena, and hope that he tries his hand at straight-up drama someday.  As effective as the scenes of terror and mayhem were, it was the intimate family moments and conversations that truly distinguish "Bereavement," and with a little retooling, they could have made a satisfying story on their own.
I've just finished watching this HORRIBLE so called horror film. Please avoid this movie at all cost! I've been a horror fan for years and have never been compelled to leave a review until today. I know this is a prequel, i did not watch "MALEVOLENCE". After seeing this garbage, I never will. This is like ever other torture movie ever made: no one survives except the simple minded killer (okay, in this case the killers trainee). I'm tired of seeing women being tortured- it would be nice to see a movie w/ a woman serial killer hanging up men and giving them what-for.<br />Too bad Anchor Bay chooses to release this repetitive nonsense while no doubt other, more original horror movies languish unseen.
I found this to be very slow moving. The main focus is on a young woman who has to move to the country to live with her uncle's family when her parents die. Interspersed with that is the evil guy who has abducted a young boy, and who likes to hang women up in his workshop and torture and kill them. Eventually the two plot lines converge, but by the time this happened I was to bored to care.<br /><br />This might be worth watching if it shows up on your streaming video service and there's nothing else to watch. Otherwise I would recommend skipping it. If you like this type of movie, there are a lot better choices.
Okay, I may have misinterpreted other reviews, but one shadow stabbing another shadow is not gorey, is it?  It seems almost censored.  This is NOT FRIGHTENING.  It is suspenseful.  If that's what you like, you'd probably prefer a better plot, or better acting on the part of the serial killer, one of the main roles.  What irritates me most about this movies though is what bothers me for all generic horror movies.  That is... the women screaming, they all seem like the same person with differnt faces.  Their whining and wailing after beening tied up for days seems very implausible.  What would be plausible, go into shock I'd think.  What he does is not much different from crucifixion without the nails, thus shock.  But not so shocking.  Their justification for him killing women is so absurd, it's hysterical.  You can't take this movie seriously on many levels.  Highly overrated
I got this thinking it was a horror movie, and not knowing that it is a prequel to Malevolence, which I had not heard of. I had never seen a slasher movie, and did not know this was one of those.<br /><br />It turns out there is a big difference between horror and slasher genres. Whereas a horror movie (Hitchcock's Psycho, The Exorcist, The Omen) builds suspense, fear, tension, or mystery, this movie did not waste time on these. The bad guy easily captures his prey, then keeps them around until he decides to kill them. For each of the 12 or so killings, it goes pretty much the same way. With a few (e.g. the rescuers) he kills them right away.<br /><br />I guess the slasher genre is a bit like pornography - it's about the action; you don't want a plot to get in the way. Like porn, the action here does involve tools plunged repeatedly into young women's torsos, but the tools in this case are long and narrow knives used to stab their bellies. Where porn is judged mainly by quality and quantity of the action; this slasher movie scores high on quantity but low on quality of the gorey action.<br /><br />The movie does not focus on realism. Each young woman starts screaming hysterically at the beginning of her scene, before anyone is threatening them or even nearby. They scream without interruption, and it actually grows in intensity as they are being stabbed. In real life, surgical modifications from the knife would cause their screams to change into other utterances, or stop as their diaphragm is unable to push air to their vocal cords. But like pornography, this is not real life, and such details are not important.<br /><br />The bad guy is being harrassed by his dead father (a shadow, or a shrowuded figure on a bed), or by one of the horned steer skulls inside or around his dad's ruined meat packing factory. He talks about how they don't have feelings so they don't have fear, perhaps referring to the animals processed there; this is as much insight as we get into his background. Early on he kidnaps a six-year-old boy who has a disease that prevents him from feeling pain, and the implication is that he has no psychological feeling either. How these story elements fit together, or what relationship they have to the title, remains unclear to me.<br /><br />A second plot line starts when a young lady with large breasts arrives in the same town to live with her aunt and uncle. How will this second plot line intersect with the first? Oh, the drama!<br /><br />The movie is predictable. I guessed the plot resolution during the first five minutes. In most cases, I knew what was going to happen next. The plot surprised me a little when each of the two would-be rescuers went down so easily, as I thought they might build tension by having the victim have a chance of being saved.<br /><br />Steven Mena is the creative force behind this movie: he is the screenwriter, director, producer, editor, sound effects person, and he wrote the sound track. In fact, he is not without talent: the movie has reasonable production values, and the cinematography is at times rather good. I think in the future efforts he should find someone else to write the script.<br /><br />I discovered that among the extras is an audio commentary by Mena. I'm tempted to listen to it to see what Mena has to say for himself. I wish the extras included bloopers - where something goes impossibly wrong in the slashing and both characters start laughing at unexpected results.<br /><br />If you watch this movie, be sure to keep watching at the end, because the final scene is shown after the end credits run. It forms the segue-way to Malevolence.<br /><br />Two stars. I don't think the violence would be very satisfying to those craving that, because it is of low quality and usually about the same. The story is uninteresting. One extra star for the decent production values.
BEREAVEMENT is an extremely dark and disturbing film.  Director Steven Mala pulls few punches in this brutal look into the mind of a psychotic serial killer.<br />A prequel to 2004's MALEVOLENCE, the movie focuses on a small Pennsylvania town unknowingly harboring a killer who abducts, tortures and murders young girls.  He also kidnaps a 6-year old boy who suffers from a condition that prevents him from experiencing any kind of pain.  Their subsequent association is the most chilling aspect of the film.<br />Michael Biehn, Alexandra Daddario and Gerard Funk give solid performances and Spencer List is chilling as the little boy.<br />BEREAVEMENT is not a pleasant cinematic experience, but it definitely has an impact.
I watched this movie with two other horror fans that I get together with once to twice a month for movies. This review is going to reflect all three of our opinions.<br /><br />The visuals were excellent particularly the lighting. Too often horror substitutes darkness for acting or suspense.  The acting was average to below average in quality but much of this reflected the very two-dimensional nature of the majority of the characters including the female lead whom was set up to be the heroine throughout much of the film.  The best acting came from the boy you can see on the cover and he never said a single word.<br /><br />Good horror has to go beyond gore. There was a fair amount of gore here but primarily it was not overdone at all.  We need to feel something for those characters in danger to connect in some fashion and care about what happens. Sadly the script didn't develop our expanding pool of victims in any real way so we felt nothing.<br /><br />The serial killer however was fairly developed even undergoing some change and growth in the film.  We got to see a bit about his past, we could figure out his mental problem, we saw him struggle with it and his warped sense of morality.  We just really don't feel like siding with the killer and thus we never were emotionally invested enough to say this was beyond three stars.
Unlike many modern horror films, Bereavement does have an overall storyline.  I.e., it's not just multiple scenes of violent killings strung together loosely by a so-called "plot."  The serial killer of this story kidnaps a young boy and "apprentices" him.  A grieving young woman moves in with her uncle & his family nearby, in the same rural community where the killer operates.  She discovers the boy, then begins to try and save him.  The acting in this film is pretty good, including Brett Rickaby as Sutter, the killer, and Alexandra Daddario as Alison, the neighboring teenager.  Two "name" actors, Michael Biehn and John Hurt, have relatively minor roles.  Ms Daddario is a particularly beautiful actress and previously appeared in Hall Pass and the Lightning Thief movie.<br /><br />The movie contains some compelling images, such as a couple of shots of psycho Sutter on the roof of his slaughterhouse, silhouetted against a sunset sky.  The plot device of the boy's condition is used very effectively.  I would have liked a "happier" ending, but will concede that the there is more shock value in the way it ends now.  There is a lot of blood & gore in this flick, although it's not all gratuitous.  Still, this movie is not for the faint of heart.<br /><br />The filmmaker, Stevan Mena, is a multi-talented guy.  Besides writing, producing and directing, he even wrote the music!  (a la John Carpenter)  His score for the film works very well to heighten the suspense.
Bereavement is a film that doesn't seem to know what it wants to be. We open to the films killer trolling the neighborhood for children in the kind of sinister beat up truck only found in films. He settles on snatching up a young boy on a swing. Through expository dialogue from his mother we discover that the boy suffers from a condition that causes him to feel no pain (don't remember the medical term). The mother explains to a babysitter that this is a serious condition and the boy must be monitored at all times since he could break a bone without noticing or even bleed to death from a cut. This detail is called a plot device since the risk of danger to the boy is never brought up again and he simply becomes a boy who feels no pain (quite an oddity for a serial killer who revels in torture). One would think that being raised by a schizophrenic killer in a filthy blood splattered abandoned meat packing plant would be a serious risk to someone with the boys condition but with the plot device established we need not dwell on the details. Also, this is the only child and only boy the killer ever grabs so now it's both a plot device AND a plot convenience. His true victims du jour are young hot women and this small town seems loaded with them.<br /><br />Cut to five years later and the film starts to establish the other characters of the movie. Here the movie seems to want to have its cake and eat it to. The ancillary characters are not your typical stereotype or hopeless jackass. On the other hand they're not that compelling and I never felt emotionally invested in them but at least the film was trying. The problem is films create unlikable characters so that when the films killer/hero starts brutally murdering them it's popcorn munching fun. If you create characters for which you can have a shred of sympathy you expect them at the very least to put up a struggle or have a meaningful death. Instead bereavement just dispatches characters at rapid fire pace and suddenly I'm wondering what the point was of establishing them just to give them such an inglorious exit. Rather than feel scary the film just felt cruel and pointless. We also spend a lot of time with the killer and I guess the film was somewhat trying to make us feel sympathetic for the fact that he's emotionally tortured by some bulls skull that he believes is ordering him to commit these sadistic acts.<br /><br />The film tries to rise above by creating characters rather than caricatures but then falls back on tired horror film tropes. The main girl in the movie is only captured by the killer because she's blisteringly stupid. At this point the audience should be concerned about her welfare but all I was focusing on was how amazing her braless breasts are. It's hard to think of bereavement as a more mature serial killer film when all you can focus on is how stunning the main actress's boobs bounce. Actually now that I think about it the unhurtable boys mother also had a freakishly stunning rack which sort of made it hard to focus on her anguish at the disappearance of the boy.<br /><br />As much as bereavement tries to be thrilling it failed to pull me in. I didn't really care about the characters but I didn't dislike them enough to look forward to their deaths. I felt like bereavement was trying to satisfy everyone including fans of thrillers, fans of torture and gore and fans of boobs but never succeeded in presenting any of these well. The ending was obvious a quarter of the way into the movie and after it was all over I felt diminished for having watched it. I can handle gore and sure as heck can handle boobs but it's the meanness of it all that made me queasy particularly when it involved children. I would actually prefer to watch a dumb teenage slasher because at least those films generally know what they are.
The cinematography was amazingly good in this movie.  I didn't expect such great close ups and wide angle shots from an Indie horror movie.  The only exception was the 'in car' shots, which really could have been better and detracted a lot from the camerawork, which was otherwise just excellent.<br /><br />The above poster pretty much gave a run down of the movie, so I won't repeat the plot aspects, other to say that the story was good, but the fine details got a bit thin in places - for instance - I've never known a long distance runner to wear that many clothes for a long run, and yet forget to leave her sports bra at home.  We took to calling our main protagonist "Ms. Bouncy."  One of her HIGHSCHOOL classes, we are led to believe, is talking about psychoanalytic theory.  It just happens to pertain to the story, but of course she isn't paying attention. Ok, but what makes it a really crappy detail, is besides all that wonkiness, it just doesn't matter anyway. Just little details and cliches like that detract from the movie here and there.<br /><br />And what about all the missing people that no one ever seems to be looking for?  Yep, if I were the killer I'd feel pretty confident in this town too.<br /><br />The violence and gore deliver very well, and the art crew gives us a creepy, dirty atmosphere that is so realistic that you can almost smell rusty blood. I think one of the weirdest emotions this movie jerked out of me was the intense desire to go wash and sharpen that man's knives. It doesn't rely on music tricks to jerk a scare out of you, but you get a few of those anyway.  The score is complimentary to the atmosphere and suspense without getting in the way or being too obvious, at least 95% of the time.<br /><br />The story didn't stay with any of us.  It didn't make us 'think' or speculate or talk about it much afterwards.  It was just a good splatter flick, sorta like Hostel meets Chainsaw Massacre meets a bit of Frailty, which is a movie that REALLY delivers on this theme, if it is story and not violence and gore you're in it for.  If it is screams and blood you want, you've got the right flick.
Just when you think the horror industry cannot possibly find a way to release a more grotesque torture film, they do it. This is in no way creative, scary, or imaginitive. Just a high body count, and people being needlessly butchered. The film does not connect to the audience in any way, the story is boring, and everyone gets slaughtered when they are in helpless positions. Nobody even attempts to fight back, thus there is no suspense. Back in 1999, Stir Of Echoes, Blair With Project, Sixth Sense were all released in the same summer. Oh how the genre has fallen since that time.<br /><br />On a bright note, films like this one, "Open House," and "Funny Games" are actually SO bad that it might convince producers to stop making these types of movies....but as long as people keep forking over money to see them, they will be made. Don't pay to watch this!
SICK !<br />DONT WATCH THIS MOVIE.<br />SICKEST OF THE SICKEST.<br />FRED KRUEGER SEEMS LIKE A DISNEY CARTOON COMPARED TO THIS SENSELESS BLOODSHED.<br />ONLY A SICK MIND CAN CREAT SUCH A HORROR.<br />THE DEVIL MUST LOVE THIS MOVIE SINCE ONLY EVIL PREVAILS IN IT.
I have not seen the film that this is a prequel of so I cannot comment on that.<br /><br />This film starts with a little boy who has the inability to feel (Congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis though I can't recall what they called it) being kidnapped by a man who we become quickly aware is a serial killer.<br /><br />The man takes the boy and raises him to follow in his serial killing footsteps.  Several girls are kidnapped and killed until they finally kidnap the wrong girl.<br /><br />I was excited to see several of the actors listed on this film, and I'd have to say that most of the acting is above average for an indie horror.<br /><br />But this film never really pulls the viewer in.  Perhaps because we didn't know the boy before his kidnapping, or we never really know any of the girls who are being killed.  My biggest complaint with the film is some of the directing and screenwriting.  We see several girls kidnapped and killed... all from the same small town, but no one seems to notice.  There is no warning out about girls going missing, no comment that anyone even notices that they are gone.  Also there is no follow up with the boy's family to see that they did anything to find him after his kidnapping.  There is just a serial killer, a little boy and whichever girl they have at the time.  Now granted we get to know our final girl... that her family was killed and now she has to live with her aunt and uncle.  She doesn't seem to mourn them, doesn't really seem to show much emotion at all through the film.<br /><br />Everyone seems a bit hollow.  Sure they may be saying caring words but there was little familial chemistry between anyone.<br /><br />My biggest annoyance probably won't bother many others - the screams... I'm sorry but when you start getting hacked up, the screams won't be one long unwavering sound.  The screams were just girls screaming with no correlation to what was happening to them.<br /><br />In the end, this movie is alright, but nothing that anyone needs to see.  I was hoping for something a little more cerebral, especially since the director seems to have been going for that.  But the film never really rises above "b" status though it is to pretty and visually slick for a B movie.  When the film ends it won't cross your mind again or lead to any great discussions.  And since it is from the perspective of the killers, there really isn't any shock or stay with you afterward type scares.  You'll watch it and forget it.
Horror is one thing and I love horror movies.  But gore for its own sake is not even scary....it's simply sickening. There are no words awful enough to describe this nasty, evil, senseless, bloody piece of gore!!!!!!  What a sorry excuse for horror.  And shame on the parents who let their children act in this movie!!!!!! I only give it one star because there is no choice to give it zero stars which is what it deserves!!!!!!!
This horror film is based on a semi autobiographical novel by Rula Jebreal. It is a prequel to Malevolence which I liked more. This movie centers on a boy who is taken from his home. He is made to watch horrible things his captor does who is a psychotic killer. They live in a farmhouse in an isolated area which prevents others from knowing what is going on there. But then a girl moves into a nearby farmhouse and suspects there is something going on. The acting is fair but once you've seen the first stabbings there isn't much more to it until the last 20 minutes or so. I found myself wanting to fast forward through the middle of the movie but didn't so I could properly review it. I was hoping something different was going to happen but that wasn't the case. I didn't find this movie scary but has a lot of gore. Gore for gores sake. Music and suspense cause me to be scared. The hint of seeing something or hearing something that may be scary. When it's just in your face stabbing and gore it doesn't scare me as was the case with this movie.
This is a hack and slash movie that drones on endlessly in gory and gruesome detail, but is devoid of clever and compeling plot. The character devlopment is flat, the acting is poor, the script weak. I watched this with my husband and after one particularly bloody scene about an hour into the movie, we looked at each other and agreed "enough".<br />Anchor Bay, the production company, appears to specialize in bad horror films. We were 'treated' to approx. 5-6 endless coming attractions that made no sense except to let us know that these movies were going to be horror fests that wouldn't threaten Hitchcock's reputation. The Hitchcock wannabe who was responsible for this disaster was named Stevan Menna. As the title credits aired, we  found out he was the producer, the direcror, writer, and composer. Maybe he did more, but those are the memorable titles.<br />The plot was seemingly a composite of a lot of movies and true crimes. Think of 'The Changeling' with a heavy dose of serial killer Ed Gein thrown into this mix.<br />I don't know if this movie got better as it droned on, but at the point I left I didn't care. A good movie should get its viewer involved, but this didn't.
