Joe Somebody is a pretty good family movie. movie is about an average Joe played by Tim Allen who gets zero respect from his peers and work buddies. after 10 years with the same company, he wasn't given the promotion he wanted, and after getting beaten up and embarassed in front of his daughter and co-workers, he decides to take a stand, and get back what he lost in the parking lot.  <p>i LOVE Belushi's character, Chuck Scarett. he's a former actor who had one good movie, and then his career tanked. he now teaches karate, and as he says, 90 percent of his business comes from people who got their butts kicked. i love the interaction between the Allen and Belushi character.<p>overall, solid and very enjoyable movie about your average Joe who wants to be somebody.<p>also includes some special features with a HILARIOUS deleted scene from Belushi's character.<p>good movie. good father's day present.
These are two pretty funny movies for a decent price.  I never saw Joe Somebody until just recently but it worth owning and watching more than just one time.
Most people have not heard of this movie, or would read it's professional reviews and skip it, which is a shame.  You probably can figure out the whole storyline within the first few minutes, but the way they get to it is not exactly the way you think it will be.  Tim Allen is GREAT in this, and I put that in capital letters for a reason.  He plays this role exactly how it should be played, and he is not anywhere close to Tim the Tool Man Taylor like you may be thinking.  Every role in this movie is played exactly as it should be, from the slimy boss to the has-been action star, the ex-wife who starts wondering why she left Joe to begin with, and the daughter who hides her talent so she doesn't stand out in the crowd.  A great movie that everybody should at least give a chance.<br /><br />The seller does an excellent job in refinishing the DVD, and you can't beat the price.  It literally looked brand new.
A really nice picture. I loved it, I enjoyed it very much.<br /><br />I am a Tim Allen's huge fan and he is adorable in this film. I hope to have another Allen's film soon.
Tim Allen gives a good spazaz to Joe in this movie that makes it funny. Jim Belushi is great as the person who trains Joe in the ways of self defense. cute and not so crude like most comedys which crudeness ans sickness makes it downfall, but y'all enjoy Allen. for fans of the tool man and Belushi
I'm not a TIm Allen fan, I had only watched GALAXY QUEST before (and enjoyed it a lot!).<p>JOE SOMEBODY is a very good movie. I agree it's not a straight forward comedy, not at all. I'd even say that the moments to really laugh are very rare indeed.<p>But the fact is that all the supporting actors are in top form, playing their roles with energy and enthusiasm, even the guys that plays Allen's new friends in the squash and karaoke scenes.<p>I think the movie generated some bad reviews because it oscilates dangerously between comedy and real drama (divorced parents, unhappy mother, inescrupulous boss. Well, for me it worked. I just spent one and a half enjoyable hours watching it.
The reviews on this film have not been good. But I own it. And I like watching. It's one of those films that I (and I  think you will) enjoy.<br />It will never make the AFI Top 100 of all time greatest films.<br />But, the characters a likeable, you care about what happens to them, and the movie delivers a some good laughs. Tim Allen was excellent.<br />I'd put this film in the class as It's a wonderful life , and Mr. Destiny. Also very good feel good films that are predictable. But who cares! They're fun.
