Stay far away from this movie.  Looks like it was shot for 50 cents.  Boring, hard to get past first 10 minutes!
this movie was terrible.  i want my 1.30 back.<br /><br />the writing is just ridiculous, unbelievable on all accounts. no wonder it grossed 30 dollars.<br /><br />how anyone could give this movie 5 stars is beyond me.
I watched this movie and it's crapy,crapy and you will never get the 1 hour and 25 mins.back from your life so please don't buy it if anything rent it like I did and save money and for me its not good at all....
I had heard about this movie for a while.  I didn't know what to expect based on its notorious history.  I am happy to report that it was really entertaining!  Forget all the box office spin.  Heigl is great.  Grillo is perfectly cast and the filmmakers used Sizemore's persona to great effect.  If you are expecting a straight ahead thriller-- this is something more.  It's really fun.  Lots of twists and turns and it  mixes genres in a very cleaver way.  When it's all over you should look at it again and you can see exactly how all the pieces fit together.  Great puzzle!
The interesting aspects of the film Zyzzyx Road are probably the suspense that amounts culminating into a series of action packed scenes, where Grant portrayed by Leo Grillo is an accountant that has a wife and daughter whom he loves, and despite this he has an affair with a seductive woman named Marissa (Katherine Heigl) whom he meets in Las Vegas. Marissa's boyfriend Joey arrives and seeing them together he attempts to murder her lover, but Grant gets the upper hand eventually killing Joey. Afterwards the couple of criminals hide the fact that they killed the man, and drive away to a dead end street Zyzzyx Road to bury the corpse unbeknownst to anyone.<br /><br />The most disturbing part of the film is that there is an invisible enemy attempting to seek out and kill Marissa and her new lover Grant. It may be possible that Grant is simply an innocent man that transformed into a psychopath after the killing of Joey, as if his conscience is biting on him. Grant appears to be a victim more or less of his own mental and emotional problems that he simply doesn't have the stamina to cope with, and he turned into a madman not by desire, but by coincidence and has broken down to the point where he cannot tell apart his enemies from his friends. He is clearly very delusional and appears to not desire to hurt anybody, but does so in the process. Overall the film is excellent, and has the best actors and an ideal location for the fictional Zyzzyx Road, and the mystery that is created holds a great interest all the way to the end of the film. I would recommend the film to be watched by vast varieties of audience, and definitely without question respect the contents and the fascination surrounding this action packed thriller centered on Zyzzyx Road, and one of a kind film, that is the work of a genius.
this movie film is outstanding american actors very pretty katherine heigl who star in such programatics as knocked up and twilight zone hitler baby episode.  tom sizemore born on july 4th and wearer of hats also stars.  direct to dvd erotic thriller should have feature katherine in underwear scene or wet t shirt even though watching would be a sin against our christian god jesus christian, it is nice for the eyes.  will u watch it and please send legal currency to film producers?<br /><br />i am all american iphone carrying mcdonalds swallowing hot dog college coeducationl student.  i am largely obesity and not work very hard but prefer watch movies on televisor, eat gratuitous amounts of meats and cheeses, including sacred cow, and watch american actress movie film katherine heigl, star of knocked up and hitler baby episode.  where is american bikini scene in this movie?  it was very psychological film and made me wonder why plot is so laborious but not easy to understand for non-native speakers, subtitles were very small.  overall, great movie A++ american hollywood moviefilm!  how do you say--two stars up and five thumbs!!
The worst movie I ever experienced. Lousy on all counts.. Hated it! I would not recommend and so disappointing even the ending was hokey. My husband fell asleep. Wish I had not ordered this one, when there are much better acting and movies that have real content. The ending even sucked, although could not wait for it to be over.
