A good deal of scenic travelogue footage fixes the location in this futuristic affair as being an unidentified but exotic Asian island, ipso facto ruled by a villainous technology mogul, Morgan Wells, played in his best deadpan manner by Robert Hays, who has financed development of a preposterous weapon that is engineered to translocate the minds of its outer directed human targets into a permanent condition of virtual reality. Wells' mistress, Rebecca (Alexandra Paul), weary of his harsh treatment of her, steals a CD-ROM which contains encrypted data requisite for the weapon's implementation, with the hope of capitalizing her escape and freedom but understands she will not be able to achieve her objective alone, thereby luring naive Jack Morris (Martin Kemp), navigator aboard the tycoon's yacht, to aid her in her flight. Jack and his Cockney shipmate Manny (Adam Ant) have their shore leave interrupted by Rebecca's plans, particularly so since Morris permits feelings of compassion to bring him into a romantic involvement with the waifish temptress, who induces him into having the stolen data tattooed upon his back within a dragon-like design, and soon Wells and an opposition troupe are literally after Jack's hide (the original title was Sailor's Tattoo). The comic book background of scriptor James Robinson is easily visible throughout this low budget film as there is but meagre development of his characters, and neophtye director Erik Fleming is not yet adept in the craft of pacing, but there are scintillas of wit, and savoury acting turns from James Hong and from Hays as a wryly devilish Wells.
I'm an Adam Ant lover and this was one of the many films he did that I just had to own. I was quite suprised when I received it as there were several actors in it that I knew of. I can't say I'm a fan of Grace Jones, but I was suprised at the acting abilities of Robert Hayes. Most people will remember him for the idiot he played in Airplane, constantly spilling his drinks on himself. Perhaps he was unjustly typecast as this role helped bring out his acting abilites. The plot line of this movie is good and keeps you on the edge of your seat waiting to see how it ends up. This is just one of those sleeper hits that probably didn't get good reviews or advertising.
Not a top but but an energetic, sexy, realistic sci-fi action (more known round a globe after a title "Pacifica: The Sailor's Tattoo") of a mad from own powers billiarder paying a price for his made-him-rich crimes.
Cyber Bandit's is the best film I have seen in a long time. It has a great plot, fantastic acting and it get's you involved in the whole story. Both Martin Kemp and Adam Ant are at their best in this film. The accents are  lovely and the acting on their part is wonderful. A brilliant film.
