well,this just goes to show why you don't blindly accept a critics review. I own a yellow lab(2) and I can tell you this is a pretty realistic. Yes I guess the critics would like to see a gloom and doom ending but I dont think they heard of the true story of when one of these trmendously faithful conpanions carried his master half a mile back to his home after he suffered a near fatal heart attack(would have been fatal if not for yellows actions). It is a very heartwarming  story without being predictable and just fantastic views. The heck with critics. Buy this because it makes you feel good and that there wasnt a need for explosions or car chases or guns to provide for interesting viewing.
The cover of our DVD of "Far From Home" says in large letters: "Family Feature".  And a great family movie it is.  But don't make the mistake of thinking that this is just another dog movie, in this case the adventures of a Labrador named "Yellow".  Even more it is about the adventures of his young master Angus.  Angus acquires Yellow when the dog appears on the family property, apparently lost, and soon the boy and his dog become firm friends.  When Angus and Yellow are marooned in wilderness country after the sinking of his father's ship, it is their combined strength that is required to survive the rugged coastline, vast forests, and hostile wildlife.<br /><br />Most of the conflict revolves around this very real struggle against the elements, leading up to a suspenseful and heartwarming conclusion.  But along with this suspense comes excellent and convincing characterization.  More than just an adventure story, "Far From Home" is ultimately a coming-of-age story, as Angus learns about responsibility and survival.  In the process, his relationships with his father and with his dog are especially well-portrayed.<br /><br />Although the movie is "clean", I would not recommend this movie for younger children under 10 mainly because of its capacity to evoke strong emotions of fear (there are some scary moments involving a sinking ship during a storm, a wolf attack, and a perilous log crossing over a ravine) and grief (it's hard to hold back the emotions experienced at losing a missing child).  But with this depth of emotion, older children and adults alike will find it a real tear-jerker.  When combined with good acting and some lovely cinematography of beautiful rugged British Columbia, this movie is definitely a drama worth keeping for the family. - GODLY GADFLY
I would beg to differ with the above description of the film. This is not the typical &quot;A-boy-and-his-pet&quot; film. The story is more realistic than the typical film of its genre such as &quot;Flipper&quot; or  &quot;Lassie&quot; and lacks the obvious manipulations of an &quot;Air  Bud.&quot; The characters look like real people. (Watch how Angus' little  brother dresses himself. Anyone who has been around a six-year old can see  their child dressing like this). Angus's and Yellow's fight through the  wilderness is not glossed over or &quot;Disneyfied.&quot; The  cinematography is beautiful. This film is wonderful for the whole family,  not just for the six-year old.
As owners of a Yellow Lab, we just might be a bit biased, but we were mesmerized by this movie.<br /><br />The adventures of a lost boy and dog.  Of course the ending is predictable.  We knew that.  But the story line, the fabulous scenery, the cinematography, the acting, the sub-plots and the adventure make this a must-see movie for the whole family - Preview it before showing it to the very young; they might be traumatized by the scary parts.<br /><br />Buy "Far From Home..."  a guaranteed winner.  You'll be watching it over and over again.
You don't have to own a Yellow Lab to absolutley love this movie, but true dog lovers will find it irrestible. A young boy takes in a lost Yellow lab, and despite his parents reservations allow him to keep the dog. The boy and the dog become very close and forge a bond that is put to the test when they are lost in boat accident and end up stranded on a remote island. The dog stays by the young boy's side as they struggle to survive, find food, and battle a pack of wolves. All this happens while his parents and the coast guard desperately search for him.<br /><br /> After many weeks pass the Coast Guard believes they may never be found, but the dog and the boy do survive as they gain strength through each others love and devotion. It has an unusual ending, which I don't want to spoil, but Yellow Dog is one movie, although simple in structure, that really captures the true relationship that a boy and a dog can have that transcends even human friendships.
You don't have to be a kid to enjoy this film.  This is one of those rare movies that both kids and adults can enjoy.  It has something for everyone.  Lots of clever situation comedy embedded in this coming-of-age wilderness drama.  A few scary moments for the young ones, but nothing they can't handle.  A few sprinkles of romance.  Lots of dog-boy bonding.  The ending is predictable for all but the very young, but delightful nonetheless.  Best of all, it's just a delightful movie free of violence, car chases, shoot-outs and antagonists!  This movie was engaging from start to finish.  On par with <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000065V3A">The Journey of Natty Gann</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00006ZXSI">A Walk in the Clouds</a>.
This is by far one of the best American Movies, that I have seen in a very long time. It was indeed a true American reality show.
I'm sorry to be such a Scrooge with Christmas rapidly approaching, but while watching Far From Home- The Adventures of Yellow Dog tonight, it sort of struck me as boring.  I was expecting a family-oriented film that focuses on a teenager and his dog struggling to make it after a terrible boat accident leaves them stranded along the rocky coasts of British Columbia, and the film delivers in that respect but... it just *barely* delivers.<br /><br />The entire presentation feels really bloated and exaggerated to me which is typical of early to mid 90's adventure films.  A film that certainly LOOKS really good and I imagine a lot of time was devoted to making it, and I remember back in the mid 90's how these type of animal movies won the hearts of everyone who had an affection for them, but as the years pass and technology and filmmaking changes, I find a movie like this just isn't very fun to watch anymore.<br /><br />I can't remember if this film was produce by Disney but it definitely *feels* like it was.  My biggest problem is that the actual survival story between the teenager and his dog was incredibly shallow.<br /><br />Yes they collect bugs, kill animals when they get hungry enough, encounter dangerous wildlife animals such as wolves and wild cats, but... it's just not enough.  These segments feel undeveloped and uncreative.  It's just not enough entertainment and doesn't offer a darn thing as far as originality is concerned either.  It's completely missing anything TRULY enticing.<br /><br />Yes, the parents are worried that their teenage boy is missing.  Interesting though that it never seemed to cross the mind of either those searching for the boy or his parents (with the exception of one scene) that he might be dead.  It was also strange how it was just assumed the boy would make it on land.  I'd be flying planes over the ocean first.<br /><br />If that was MY son out there missing in the woods, you better believe I'd fear the worst.  Granted, there was one really good emotional segment where the father looks into a mirror and cries his eyes out while his wife comforts him, but eh... that was just one moment of sincerity surrounded by a subtle belief that the boys life was never *truly* in danger.  Not very appealing or accurate storytelling.<br /><br />The fact the film is barely 75 minutes long is another problem, and even though everyone loves the dramatic and touching ending, I've seen better.  Actually had the entire movie been dramatic and memorable like the ending, it would have been even better.<br /><br />Personally I feel Homeward Bound is a LOT better because that movie utilizes not just a compelling story of animal survival, but humor as well.  A much better movie than this one.
I have no words, really my wife would not stop mourn the end of the movie.intense, surprising, sad, happy, sentimental, inspiring, emotional,
Are you a dog lover and into adventure? Then Far From Home: The Adventures of Yellow Dog, is the movie for you! This movie tells the story of a young boy named Angus who adopts a stray dog and names him Yellow. Angus, his father, and Yellow set sail one day, but a huge storm causes their boat to topple. Rescue teams are only able to find Angus' father. Stranded on an island far from civilization, Angus and Yellow's survival skills are put to the test. Will they get rescued? Watch this movie to find out! I liked this movie because it is a heartwarming tale. The movie builds anticipation in the rescue team's pursuit to find Angus and Yellow. I was especially impressed with Yellow's acting! His facial expressions and actions resemble that of a person's. I recommend this film for children ages 7 and up. The movie is an uplifting journey and is a splendid family film. Far From Home: The Adventures of Yellow Dog is one of the many classics brought to your home by HDnet movies on KidScene, a morning and Friday night programming block specifically for kids and families. Credit: Gabriella Chu, age 14, KIDS FIRST! Film Critic
A refreshing, family movie!  A dog finds a boy, boy keeps dog only if he takes complete care of him.  Dog, he names Yellow, becomes boys best friend.  A functional family teaching their son responsibility.  The scenery in this movie is beautiful. You will laugh, smile, and have tears....ending with joy.  Years ago we purchased this movie for ourselves after seeing it on HBO.  We have since purchased it for adults and for children.
The first time I viewed this film I was a young teen. Now as a 29 year old guy I find this film just as entertaining as I did all those years ago. In a nutshell this is a film about a boy and the dog who found him,changed him,and saved his life when they were both shipwrecked. This film will appeal to anyone from 5 to 95 who enjoy clean adventurous family films.
My sister and her husband requested this movie...thanx for delivering it in a timely manner...
This is my grandson's favorite movie, and he watches it over and over again.  A boy lost in the NW rainforest with his dog, who saves his life.  Great stuff.  A real tear-jerker, too.
This is a fantastic movie for the whole family. The scenery was incredible in the movie.
They just dont make movies like this any more. A great movie for any movie library a must have. One you will bring out to watch for years to come!
My family loved this adventure, especially my boys, 7 & 8.  We laughed, we cried, it became a part of us.... ;)
The movie still amazes and touches me even seeing it for the 3rd time. I want to see this movie everytime i remember my dog, Huck Finn - i can say he is also a yellow dog.<br /><br />The actors are great. The pictures are all natural.
Just like the title says, Good Family Video.<br />This movie+ your family + popcorn = Great family night with the kids.
Growing up in the Pacific Northwest, young Angus McCormick (Jesse Bradford) has learned many survival skills.  He's just finishing up a nice canoe.  And when he finds a stray dog, he adopts him and names him Yellow.<br /><br />Taking a few days off from school to accompany his dad, John (Bruce Davison), on a supply run seems like a dream come true.  But when they encounter a fierce storm, the boat they are in capsizes.  John is quickly rescued, but the search and rescue teams can't find any trace of Angus or Yellow.<br /><br />The two have survives and are trying to find their way back to civilization.  Will they be able to survive and be reunited with their family?<br /><br />This movie is fairly standard and innocuous family fare.  It is a little slow at times, especially in the beginning while things are set up.  It is fairly predictable.  But it is entertaining.  Kids will enjoy it more than their parents.  My biggest complaint was actually the short scenes.  Many things are introduced and resolved too quickly, never giving any plot point time to be fully developed.  At the same time, I did eventually get caught up in the emotions and found the ending satisfying.<br /><br />The film could have been much better but does grow on you.  Don't rush out to see it, but there's no reason to avoid it either.
Our family really enjoys this movie.  The story is not terribly predictable and the actors all do a solid job.  Beautiful scenery and enough action to keep the little ones engaged.  Should be on DVD.  We'll add it to our collection.
I disagree with the reviewers who said the movie was predictable and drawn out.  It was a movie with heart and you could feel the main characters plight when he lost his companion.  Being an animal lover I was pulling for the happy ending (of Course).  I am Disney's biggest fan and I love this movie right along with the others. (P.S.  I am a Grandmother to eleven.)  Thank heavens for Disney Movies.
I love dogs and I really wanted to love this film.  Unfortunately I didn't find it quite as satisfying at most of the reviewers.  Can't quite put my finger on it, but perhaps I didn't find the characters as likeable or convincing as some who saw this.  Even the dog was not that interesting for some reason; perhaps not one of the more attractive breeds.  Also it seemed that they didn't spend enough time developing the bond between the boy and the dog. (The movie is short; not even 1 1/2 hours.) It's a great family movie and I think it is more suitable for young children than older ones who may find it boring.  The younger ones might be a little upset near the end when the dog can't be rescued, but don't worry as it has a happy ending.  It's an okay movie, but I expected a lot more.  I like movies that BOTH kids and adults can enjoy (like Shrek II).  This is definately one mainly just for the kids.  So many things that kids can't or shouldn't watch.  This is one that anyone can watch, which is a big plus.  Probably would have been better as a TV movie and would easily fit in a 2-hour timeframe with plenty of time for commercials.
This movie was one of the worst I have ever seen. The acting wasn't good, it was very predictable, and some parts of the plot were competly unnecessary. The worst bit of acting was when Yellow comes home, his owner has no expression when he sees him and does not look even remotely happy. If you want predictable, watch a survival movie. What happens, almost always, is a person gets lost in the wilderness in an accident, they struggle to survive, they are found, and then brought home. "Far From Home" is no exception. As for unnecessary, the whole "romance" part of this movie was badly done and not needed. The girl gives him cookies and kisses him when he comes home, and all the while, the boy of her affections remains pretty much obtuse. Also some parts of this movie might upset young children, such as the time he kills a rabbit and when Yellow can't be rescued. All in all, I would not advise anyone to see this movie; in fact, I would warn against it.
