This movie is the best generic movie I have ever seen in my life!A love story about a sweet and beautiful loud mouth from New Jersey.The beautiful and tacky young woman purposely seeks a rich man with class and style from New York. The wonderfully handsome and stunning man is running from his past. He seeks a rich and classy lifestyle of money and status.The woman of his worst nightmares runs into his brand new Mercedes Benz. She falls in love with him instantly and stalks her way into his heart. The wonderfully dressed and groomed man is reminded of his past by dating the loud fun loving woman. He  is caught between two worlds. Which world will he choose? Buy the movie and see. You will watch this campy movie over and over again. There is a special spark about it.The woman's fun loving wise cracking friends makes this movie a well beloved friend of your vhs collection. A great romantic saturday night flick.A winner!
For anyone who grew up in "Jersey" and is familiar with the unique cultural aspects of the northeastern part of the state you will absolutely love this movie. The four women who play the "girl" parts are all exceptional in their portrayals of gum poping, tough talking, wise-guy (girls) with Jersey attitudes. If you're a guy from Jersey then you already know that a Jersey girl is the sexiest girl there ever was to roam the planet. All these girls.....albeit huge hair, tacky cloths, sewer mouths, and even a bit over weight all exude sex appeal. It's all very remarkable. Another "exciting" aspect is watching all the background B roll and scenery that all but makes you want to be sure you have your toll change ready before you get to the next scene. You'll see White Castles, Route 4, the turnpike, and if you really look close you will see the absolute "King Of Jersey" Vegas Lounge Legend Pat Galo making a cameo appearance. If you're from Jersey that alone is worth the price of the DVD! Jersey Girl is a must have for any loyal and dyed in the wool Jersey Girl. What am I saying.....this film is a must for anybody who has an ounce of romance in their heart. Jersey.....Jersey Girl Will Make You Proud!
I first saw this movie about 6 years ago on T.V., and I never knew the name of it until I was channel surfing and saw it again a year ago.  I fell in love with it the first time I saw it and even more the second time, that is why I now own it.  Every girl who has been in a relationship needs to see this movie.  I have watched this movie so much, my picture quality isn't so perfect anymore.  The ending just melts me away.  Jamie Gertz is wonderful and Dylan McDermott is even hotter in this movie then I have ever seen him before.  I laughed with this movie and I cried with it too.  I highly recommend this movie, and I know for a fact you won't be dissapointed once you've seen it.  I just hope they release it on dvd in the near future.
I had to watch this movie for an American Studies class in college and fell in love with it. The tagline promotes it as &quot;a Cinderella story with big hair&quot; but Jamie Gertz's character does it all without the  help of a fairy godmother. This movie is for anyone who felt awkward or out  of place in front of the &quot;cool&quot; people. As the opening credit's  declare &quot;Jersey groove, she's got a jersey groove&quot;
I saw this movie serveral years ago on T V and just fell in love with the story of a loud mouth girl from the wrong side of the tracks that fall's in love with the handsome GQ guy of her dreams. The love story is sweet and the actors are all good. I was so happy to see that I could get it on DVD and watch it whenever I like rather then hoping to stumble upon it on cable.
So we all know the classic cheesey 80s movies...from the rat pack movies like "Sixteen Candles" to the others like "The Secret of My Success" and "Working Girl." If you're looking for another romantic comedy, this is a true gem from that genre. And yeah, I know it's from the early 90s, but really, let's be honest, sometimes you can't tell the difference. So we all know it's no Oscar/Academy Award winning movie. And maybe it's  predictable too. But there is something to be said for a cute movie that just makes you smile. Another plus is that it stars a young Dylan McDermott. He's pretty adorable and yeah, he smiles a lot, but it's all part of what makes this movie endearing. And now, after seeing this movie, I'm suddenly a fan of his. I've seen my share of random 80s flicks both good and bad and this one really surprised me. So take a chance on this one.
Although not a great film, Jersey Girl is a well-done -- and very enjoyable -- version of the classic Cinderella story. In this case Cinderella (played by beautiful Jami Gertz) is a very pretty but very unsophisticated girl from New Jersey who sets out to find a Prince Charming in Manhattan. She succeeds in meeting him by accidentally wrecking his new Mercedes with her dilapidated Volkswagen. The subsequent events in their developing relationship are similarly unconventional, and even nearly disastrous. Nevertheless -- as it must in any good telling of the Cinderella story -- love wins out in the end. This movie isn't quite on a par with Pretty Woman, but it is an awful lot of fun.
Jami Gertz is perfect, just luminous as a flashy, loud single girl from blue-collar Jersey looking for a rich Mr. Right.  She meets the man of her dreams when she causes a car accident with his fancy car.  I love her clothes, her hair and nails, her mannerisms.  Her girlfriends are just fab with their own big hair and brassy personalities. I know these people and I like them; every town has it's own Jersey girls.  The story is one that's been told many times but this one is more fun to watch and has great heart.  I just wonder where the Bon Jovi music was because that's the music these girls would have listened to.
The movie has an obvious plot, but it's still a sweet story. Who wouldn't want to fall in love with the man who's luxury car they just wrecked...especially when that man is Dylan McDermott?!? Hello!<br /><br />The Jersey characters are a bit over the top, but Jamie Gertz wore her big hair with pride.<br /><br />It's a bit hard to believe at first, but you gotta have hope when it comes to finding love. Rent this one for the sappy romantic in you or, at the very least, to glimpse Mr. McDermott's bare behind! Woohoo!
This movie is very sweet and you gotta love Dylan McDermott. Even though the movie was filmed in the early 90's ~ it brings back a little bit of nostalgia ~ wardrobe that is ~ especially if you were born and raised in Jersey!  All Jersey Girls will love this movie.
I love this movie!<br />It's a wonderful, love story. Probably one of my favorite movies. I actually recorded this movie thinking it was the other Jersey Girl movie with Liv Tyler and Ben Affleck. I totally liked this one better. The girls voice was completely annoying, along with her choice of style. But all in all, this movie is amazing =]<br /><br />and for the guy i'm assuming who would make such a comment  saying its a fantasy and no guy in their right mind would give up money for some trailer park looking chick, THATS why its a movie NOT reality...
An obnoxious attempt to make a screwball comedy: a deranged girl plots to get a guy by literally running into him.  She decides on the spot he's the one for her, based solely on superficial appearances, and then she begins stalking him!  That she succeeds in getting this guy is something that could only happen in a movie as dopey as this.<br />Jami Gertz's performance was one long screech while Dylan McDermott's was based solely on his ability to smile and look good.  This was no Cinderella story; this is why they have restraining orders!<br /><br />Not a keeper!
It takes a special kind of girl to know exactly what she wants... and not give up anything to get it.
Let me start of by saying I love Kevin Smith (Clerks, Jay and silent Bob Strike Back)and George Carlin. I also hate Ben Afflec (Shakespear in love, Changing Lanes)and any movie with a child star. That aside, I adored Jersey Girl, and this is coming from a 14 year old male. It's a great story, with witty dialogue by the Master of dialogue, a teriffic script. I think that a lot of these negative reviews coming from wannabe critics, were influenced by the general contempt for this movie. I thought it was awesome and hilarious. My advice, rent it, and make up your own mind, not be led by the general consesus.<br /><br />"You oughta be ashamed of yourselves. Easily led automatons. Try thinking for yourself before you pelt an innocent man with cigarettes."<br /><br />- Veronica "Clerks"
I think this movie is truly a fantasy movie for the women who grew up in trailers in this country.  Which guy in the right mind would actually  give up his career that he worked so hard all his life just for some low-class,broke, uneducated woman that ran into his $70,000 car?  On top of that, this movie portrayed this woman to be a "sweet, innocent" working class girl from Jersey who is not after his money?  Who are they kidding here?
This movie was equally demeaning to the actors and the audience.  Start with Working Girl, substitute New jersey for Staten Island, then take away the plot, the character development and just about everything else and you're left with the big hair and a plotless love story.  Jamie Gertz has had much better material to work with and Dylan McDermott's primary mode of expression in this role is a lazy smile.  Give the actor some dialogue! The ending was so contrived that there's no reward for sticking with this movie to the end.  You know how it will turn out just from reading the marquis.
Found it surfing the cable channels - but - hope they release it on DVD - I'm done buying VHS tapes.............
