The acting and story are superb. Blending a great western and history lesson in the what occurred in the late 1800's. If you are a Robert Duvall fan you will love it!
Duvall at his best! Thomas Haden Church absolutely fantastic! The best western in years! Simply put...cinema doesn't get any better than this!
Thank you Mr. Hill, and especially you, Mr. Duvall, for this wonderful piece of work. Whenever nature gets either one of you up at night, you can can go back to sleep knowing you did good, real good. Thank you.
ROBERT DUVALL IS GOOD IN ALL THE MOVIES HE HAS MADE. THIS IS ONE OF HIS GREATEST WITH ACTION, LOVE INTEREST AND SUPPORT FROM HIS CO-ACTORS.<br />THIS IS RIGHT UP WITH ASSINATION TANGO. THANKS MR DUVALL
1.  I watched half of this via cable while on the road and was so intrigued by it that I got the DVD later on.<br /><br />2.  Others have mentioned the pros / cons of this movie;  I just think it's one of the best Westerns out there--> great acting, a definite unique twist to the usual Western storyline, and it's based (I don't know how loosely) on a true story.<br /><br />3.  A definite 5 star.
An awesome movie.  I had seen it twice and decided I had to own it!
We had previously seen this movie.  It was so good we wanted to add it to our library.  We enjoyed seeing it again.  We plan to watch it again and share it with our friends.  Thank you for your prompt service.
This is really a great film to see! Good westerns are getting harder to come by these days. Maybe Hollywood will wise up and make more films of this caliber. Not a moment too soon!
I thought good westerns died with John Wayne, but this movie will rank high with the classic westerns of yesteryear. Robert Duvall has true grit.
Walter Hill's Broken Trail is a good but at times a little too leisurely Western miniseries following Robert Duvall and his nephew Thomas Haden Church as they try to drive a herd of horses across country only to become sidetracked when they find themselves the unlikely guardians of five Chinese girls being shipped to a brothel - and the target of some bad men determined to relieve them of both...<br /><br />It's curious how Robert Duvall, and actor who came to prominence playing a mob lawyer who deposited horses heads in peoples' beds, has evolved into the kind of archetypal Western figure of unquestioned decency you'd be happy to trust your life to - even more so when you remember he tried to kill John Wayne in True Grit! If he shoots someone seemingly out of the blue, you know it's someone who needs shooting (although much of the action takes place offscreen) such is his moral stature. By contrast, Church seems uncomfortable and out of place - he does well enough, but they never strike the sparks that made Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones' relationship in Lonesome Dove so memorable and affecting. And Lonesome Dove does unfortunately cast a giant shadow over this: it may be a smaller story, but, especially after Open Range, you expect more when Duvall gets in the saddle.<br /><br />Despite that, it's an engaging enough amble and extremely well made. Hill is one of the few working directors who still know the power of an extreme long shot, giving the show an occasional sense of the epic, though this is sometimes undercut by the fact that he generally plays his scenes in medium shots. More focused than his intriguing but scattershot Wild Bill but less impressive than The Long Riders or his under-rated Geronimo: An American Legend, it's worth a look, but you might just want to spread it over a couple of nights.
I am a fan of westerns, but more a fan of great moviemaking and storytelling. Every once in a while comes a great western that leaves you thinking " man this is how a western should be done". With a great cast, story, and superb direction. Again actor Robert Duvall is at the helm of the movie "Broken Trail" and again he brings the story to life just as he did for "Lonesome Dove" and "Open Range". Without giving away any of the details, this movie has it all. The struggles, tragedies, and the love of humanity of the men and women of that bygone era called the "Untamed West". See it, enjoy it, but most of all, appreciate what great moviemaking is all about.
This is a great western [mini-series] that should be on everyone's list of Top 25 westerns of all time. It entertains as a western and has an important social message as well. Robert Duvall is amazing as usual and Thomas Haden Church and the supporting cast are excellent as well. If you haven't seen this yet you're in for a wonderful treat and if you've seen it before as I have, at least three times, you'll remind yourself how perfect this western is; and it's beautiful in High Definition!
I thouroughly enjoyed this 2 disc feature. Robert Duvall just keeps getting better and better at this type of role he plays. I could still see glimpse's of old Gus McCrae in him. I particularly noted the diabolical scheme of infection ridden blankets being issued out to the American Indians. I'm glad this movie has brought the attention of the poor suffering Asian's to light also.
I enjoy a great Weatern especially one starring Robert Duvall.<br />I now have, what he calls his trilogy viz. Lonesome Dove, Open Range, and now Broken Trail.<br />Robert Duvall and Clint Eastwood Weaterns are thoroughly enjoyable.<br />I should like to mention I find Amazon provide an excellent service including s perfect follow-up to the purchase.<br />Thank You.  Mike Davies
A very good western, with somewhat of a chick flick imbedded, meaning my wife enjoyed it too.
As an old lover of "oaters" who thought the genre was mired in the narcissism of the Zane Grey/Owen Wister perceptions until that high watermark and irreducible teleseries, "Lonesome Dove," I was pleasantly surprised AND impressed by this two-parter, equally "true" and moving if not quite as embracive and detailed as the former.<br />This Walter Hill effort boasts as flawless a production, from writing through casting and the visuals, plus right-on performancw all around, as to set its own standards.<br />And, as a Chinese-American, its singular and "authentic" period Chinese plotline peg struck me as precedential AND arresting.<br />Now, if only someone could make the "back story" to the five Chinese girls who literally "make" this movie what it is, playing off the standard western white hat/black hat themes. Beautifully, I must add.<br />In my book, one for the books.
Robert Duvall in another western in the league of Lonesome Dove? You bet, and with Thomas Hayden Church playing an equally as good part.I've watched this movie three times and I'll probably watch it another time before I put it in the rack.
This movie looks so good on Blu-ray Disc.<br />The Story is Good!!!<br /><br />  So own Broken Trail today.
If there are any actors today that can fit into chaffs and cowboy boots, they would be Clint Eastwood & Robert Duvall.  Duvall has stated in an interview that of all the roles he has played as a character actor, none fit him better than that of a cowboy.  This film is in a sense a continuation of his roles from "Lonesome Dove" to "Open Range" in which he plays a seasoned cowboy who has to fight the bitter elements, human and natural, in order to get the job done. Duvall is ably supported here by Thomas Haden Church who in a break from his comedic roles, is excellent as his long estranged nephew who joins him on the cattle drive.  With excellent direction from long time vet Walter Hill and some fine support from Greta Scacchi as a former prostitute with a yen for Duvall, and James Russo & Chris Mulkey as the villains--"Broken Trail" is a trip you don't want to end despite its length (I saw a pre-screening of it before its showing on AMC with Hill in attendance and was impressed).
I absolutely loved this movie.  I'm not a big fan of westerns, but this movie was different.  It actually had depth to it and wasn't just some gunslinging western.  I liked the little romance part and the way things ended between Tom and Sun Foy.
Broken Trail: better than Open Range, not quite as good as Lonesome Dove, but all in all, a very satisfying western. If Robert Duval wanted to be judged by any three movies which are quintessentially American, I don't think he could do better than these. [After a terribly slow first half, Open Range does speed up and Duval makes the turn very meaningful.] With large sections of Broken Trail seen through the youg Chinese girls' eyes (and spirits), we get a slightly different view of the Old West than we have perhaps had. And that is a good thing. Church and Duval make a great family pairing. I believed they could be related and Church's portrayal of the quiet-spoken man of action and principle is spot-on (and a far cry from his Cowboy character in Tombstone).<br /><br />Excellent scenery and photography - the cinematographer needs an award for this production as well; solid, not flashy direction, and a supporting cast  that fit smoothly into the story, all make this a movie I bought as soon as it was available. I knew I would buy it after watching the first part on its television debut. The only slightly annoying aspect of the movie experience is the blackouts for the commercial breaks. Other than that, if you like Westerns, as I do, including every 'B' movie western ever made, you will love Broken Trail.
I really enjoyed the entire DVD but being an old time traditionalist, I was not happy with the ending which was just plain depressing.<br /><br />Robert Duvall has now set the standard for resurrecting the old time westerns and proves that there is a demand for good quality movies not depending on sex or excessive violence in order to garner viewers.........<br /><br />Mr. Duvall has now become one of my favorite actors and joins my other favorite Tom Selleck................
I love westerns and am glad to see they are making more of them with great success.
This is a movie well worth watching over and over it is a clean exciting movie that leaves you wanting more of the same. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GFRI4K">Broken Trail</a>  As always Robert Duvall out does himself once again. A must watch for anyone who loves westerns.
Well... to start, I rented this video because of the accolades that I had heard at the Golden Globes. I then sat through all four hours in one sitting and watched it another four times within a week! This reminds me of Thousand Pieces of Gold with the wonderful Chris Cooper and Rosalind Chao telling the true story of China Polly. Finally, another western that incorporates the Chinese American experience. The language, acting, scenery are all magnificent.<br /><br />Robert Duvall gets yet another glowing review from me. Probably the most natural actor... especially in the western genre. And Thomas Hayden Church brilliantly acted. His restraint and angst felt so real. I was so pleasantly surprised and impressed by his take on Tom Harte.<br /><br />I'm so happy that this is available for purchase.
I wonder how much more we would be impressed by "Broken Trail" if it were not for "Lonesome Dove."  I was surprised to realize it had been 18 years since Robert Duvall played Gus McCrae, in what I think is still the finest acting portrayal of his distinguished career.  But we are talking about one of the great westerns of all time and an epic television mini-series, which I usually watch again each year.  So the parallels between "Lonesome Dove" and this 2006 two-part television movie (I maintain you need at least three parts to be a true mini-series) became a big distracting because they keep intruding on what is happening here.  Obviously the fact that Duvall is in both stands out, but we also have a narrative defined by a trail drive, bad guys along the way, and a hooker with the heart of gold, along against the spectacular landscape of fading days of the Old West.  When I was thinking how much Greta Scacchi looked like Diane Lane,<br /><br />Prentice Ritter (Duval), shows up to tell his estranged nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Hayden Church) that his mother has died and left everything to her brother instead of her son.  Prentice proposes taking several hundred horses from Oregon to Wyoming in the year 1897.  But on the trail they come across Captain Billy Fender (James Russo), a lowlife who is transporting five young Chinese girls to a brothel in a mining town.  Well, that is just wrong, and Captain Billy makes it easy for Ritter and Harte to kill him and take the girls with them on their journey.  Ritter gives the girls numbers rather than names, but they are Sun Fu (Gwendoline Yeo), Mai Ling (Caroline Chan), Ye Fung (Olivia Cheng), Gina Wa (Valerie Tian), and Ghee Moon (Jadyn Wong).  What started out as two men on the trail ends up as a party of ten as they pick up a fiddle player from Virginia named Heck Gilpin (Scott Cooper), a Chinese man who came to America to make his fortune (Lung Hay), and a prostitute named Nola (Sacchi).  Meanwhile, the brothel owner Big Rump Kate (Rusty Schwimmer), who has paid for the girls, sends Big Ears (Chris Mulkey), just released from prison, after the girls and the cowboys protecting them.<br /><br />Duvall and Sacchi turn in the solid performances you would expect, and have a very nice scene together, but is Church who is most clearly carving out something new in terms of what we expect from him as an actor as he tries to be even more minimalist than Duvall.  I was having trouble with the idea of Church playing the Sandman in "Spider-Man 3" next summer, but after seeing what his character does to a man who likes to spoil little girls, that is no longer a concern.  The story and script by Alan Geoffrion might be echoing "Lonesome Dove" too much, but I liked how the language barrier between the cowboys and the Chinese girls was not magically solved and how they overcame it.  Besides, there is something to be said for been privy to a side of the story that the characters who only speak English know nothing about.<br /><br />Ultimately I rounded down on this one because in terms of setting up the final confrontation each side makes a fatal mistake.  I know the bad guys are not as smart as the good guys, but I do like to put a limit on their stupidity, and I thought Harte had exhibited enough of sense of frontier justice to overcome any mistakes Ritter might make along the way.  Still this is quite enjoyable and while it is painfully clear that "Lonesome Dove," "Dances With Wolves" and "Unforgiven" have failed to revive the Western genre, at least it is equally obvious that when one gets made these days it is probably pretty good.  Even if "Broken Trail" is not quite on the same level as these others, it is certainly worth watching, but we knew that as soon as we saw that Duvall and Walter Hill were attached to the production.<br /><br />Duvall considers "Broken Trail" to complete a trilogy of sorts with "Lonesome Dove" and "Open Range," which may be a way of saying that he now feels no further need to make westerns.  Although at Duvall's present age John Wayne was still going to make "Big Jake," "The Cowboys," and, of course, "The Shootist," but admittedly Wayne was making a different type of Western than Duvall.  Still, I would hate to think that Duvall has washed his hands of the genre.  Hill and Duvall had worked together on "Geronimo: An American Legend," and Hill has also directed by Westerns "The Long Riders" and "Wild Bill," as well as an episode of "Deadwood."  So his bona fides are equally strong in this regard.  All things considered, AMC has to be pleased enough with this project to tackle another, although I suspect it will be in a different genre.
Please excuse my attempt to be clever in the review title... it's yet another lamenting of the inability to be able to use half-stars in the ratings, and of course a lame attempt at being punny...<br /><br />Broken Trail started out as a 'made for TV' mini-series, but please don't let that scare you off from watching as the quality here is every bit as good as any major motion picture would be really.  The story is interesting, the acting is not bad and it does the Western genre respectfully enough.<br /><br />On the other hand... well, the story is also sadly predictable and has basically been done before, somewhat with the same star (Robert Duvall), in an earlier movie (see Open Range, where he co-starred with Kevin Costner for a very similar role) and if not that directly there you could try Unforgiven (with Clint Eastwood) or perhaps pick from the collection of John Wayne films which populated the genre long before this film came to pass.<br /><br />Personally I'd rank this effort at 3-1/2 stars, but I've rounded up rather than down to use 4 stars here.<br /><br />The visuals are solid here though a bit soft in spots, the sound isn't bad, but the extras that might add value are pretty sparce here with only a "Making of" featurette included.<br /><br />My best recommendation is rent this one before making a purchase. It's a nice film but you'd need to be a fairly serious fan of the genre to want to own this disc.
This movie was recommended to me by a friend as one I would like being a big Western fan (especially of more modern Westerns!) I bought this Blu-Ray with nothing else to go on and it was pretty good. I didn't realize that it is a two disc/two-part movie and it is quite long, but despite that it is a good and entertaining story
When I saw the duration of this film - FOUR HOURS! - I immediately reached for the delete button. How could anyone as important as me spend four hours on a single movie?! But my thumb was curious, and slipped from "delete" to "play", completely disobeying my wishes. That was the beginning of a terrific slide down the slippery slope of self-indulgence.<br /><br />Robert Duval brings verisimilitude to the role of the crusty old trail boss, and the supporting cast is truly supporting. No character wavers a jot from their role, and the end result is a gritty and believable portrayal of the west at the turn of the century. The scenery is real - and beautiful beyond description.<br /><br />Along with the likes of the wonderful Michael Caine movie, "Harry Brown", this film takes its place among my all time favorites.
A must see for anyone who enjoys Robert DuVall.  Great cast....and oh what a lovely story.  Well worth seeing even if you're not a "cowboy" so to speak.  So get out the popcorn and watch a spectacular movie, the story line just keeps you right in the movie.
Love Robert Duvall and in this movie he is at his best.  He looks to be a real horseman as I have known quite a few in my day.  Very authentic.  Well made movie with beautiful scenery.  As a matter of fact, I think we'll watch it again tonight.
It is not every actor who can portray an Irish mob lawyer, a radio<br />evangelist and a seasoned cowboy (my favorite) all with the same verve<br />and mastery.<br /><br />And you've got to love a man who knows how to ride a horse. Duvall rides his horse like he's driving a Cadillac - with total comfort, style and ease.  Very sexy.
This is a great movie, of course my husband & myself enjoy Robert Duvall. This movie shows the decent side of some cowboys, & the ruthless side of a few. You don't know what will happen next as they drive the 500 horses and encounter Chinese girls. I think the show was very well done.
Great Classic Western with a twist!<br /><br />A father and his step son work to take a group of horses across country to sell them to the Army, then are sidetracked as they try to save a group of Chinese girls from being delivered to a Brothel in the West.  They treat them as sisters and daughters and the relationship is both sweet and tragic as they end up forced to fight the "owner" as she sends men to try to retrieve them.<br /><br />Highly recommend this if you like westerns with good stories.
Broken Trail was recommended to me by a friend as a modern Western that I would enjoy. I missed it on TV, but had a chance to get it via Netflix recently. Watched it with my wife and truly enjoyed the movie. Good story, excellent scenery, interesting characters, and a gun fight, or two.<br /><br />Robert Duvall continues proving that he is a great Western actor who can handle mature and complex characters. He is not the Duke or Clint, but has a style all his own. Thomas Haden Church provides a surprisingly strong performance as the reluctant nephew. He has come a long way from his "Wings" days. Many other reviews detail the plot, so no reason for me to rehash it.<br /><br />I think the two things I enjoyed most about the film are the scenery (stunning) and the realistic depiction of the West. I always imaginged the West to be a dirty, harsh, tough and dangerous setting. The movie does an excellent job of depicting this era. If you like other Westerns like Open Range, or Lonesome Dove, then you will enjoy this one as well. I highly recommend it.
Great western, heartwarming, with strong story line and characters.It's hard to find a western, that's really good anymore. Thumbs up.
...and you're likely to have a masterpiece on your hands. That was true of "Tender Mercies," "Lonesome Dove," and "Open Range," and it's also true of "Broken Trail," Walter Hill's mesmerizing, exquisitely photographed Western miniseries about a couple of cowboys--uncle and nephew--who come to the rescue of five Chinese girls who were sold into prostitution. Duvall's Print Ritter can't help but remind you of "Lonesome Dove's" Gus McCrae or "Open Range's" Boss Spearman, but at the same time Print is very different from Gus or Boss in subtle ways that only a master actor such as Duvall can make clear. "Broken Trail" is magnificently acted throughout. Thomas Haden Church forgoes his usual goofy persona as Print's nephew Tom Harte, in a thoroughly convincing portrayal of a brave, sad cowboy, downtrodden by life yet beholden to no one. Chris Mulkey--bearing more than a passing resemblance to the late Howard Duff--is properly loathsome as the outlaw "Big Ear" Ed Bywaters, and Greta Scacchi is deeply moving as Nola, a hard-luck woman menaced by Bywaters and enamored of Print. Viewers might complain that the young Chinese women don't becomne very individualized, but--given the movie's realism in showing that the girls can't speak English or comprehend Wild West culture--that was probably inevitable. Alan Geoffrion--who also wrote the original novel of "Open Range"--provides a screenplay that isn't all happily-ever-after, but is satisfyingly poignant and filled with rich dialogue and characterizations. "Broken Trail" is a must-see for Robert Duvall fans and Western fans alike.
I fell in love with this movie. The cinematography is beautiful and the setting is idyllic.  Robert Duval proved once again what depth he has as an actor.  He is a true story teller with his craft.  I hadn't seen the supporting actor, Thomas Hayden Church in anything other than "Sideways" and was skeptical about him pulling off the role of Robert Duval's nephew.  He surprised me with his believable character.<br /><br />The story is truly remarkable when you consider that it is based on real lives.  (Is that a spoiler?)<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie!
Yup - it's Robert at his best.  If you like the actor - ya gotta like the movie.  A feel good - good vs evil typical western.  Personally - it's a much needed break from all of the outrageous - filthy talking - so called western sagas.  If you miss the good old days - & want to be transported back to a kinder era - you'll love this movie!
This is one of the best Westerns to come out in several years. It reminds me of of some of the older Westerns, great story and great acting. You can't beat Robert Duvall, he just makes you believe he's an old Cowboy. Thomas Haden Church missed his calling, he could have made some good Westerns over the years. The only problem is nobody writes enough good ones these days. Hopefully THC will get that chance to make a few more in his career.
Wonderful epic-flavored double-length western that does everything fine. Scriptwriters from Deadwood - you should be taking notes.
best tv movie i have seen in a long long time. it was great.
This in one of the best westerns of the modern era. I was a stuntman in Hollywood during the 50's when the western was it's most popular. I worked on some huge projects but none as good as todays western. Broken Trail in as good as.....or better, then OPEN RANGE, THE UNFORGIVEN or SILVERADO. Duvall is the "real" western cowboy. I worked with him on THE PURSUIT OF D. B. COOPER in 1980 and it doesn't appear that he has changed hardly at all. I recommend this film and guarantee you will watch it over and over.
I don't want to knock any Western that's made these days, because there are far too few of them, but as far as Westerns go, this movie is only good. While this is a rather lukewarm endorsement, it is because I believe that the movie could have been much better (though I wish I could give a 3.5-star rating, since I believe 4 stars is too high but 3 stars is a bit low). Too often the movie plods along rather aimlessly and there are too many 21st-century "I'm o.k., you're o.k." sensibilities in those slow parts. I enjoy character development in movies, even in Westerns, but much of what passes as such here is of the manipulative, 'tug at your heartstrings' style rather than true character development.<br /><br />The storyline of the Chinese women, who have been sold into prostitution, is one that hasn't been explored before, and it makes the movie interesting. Also, the fact that the women spoke Chinese (there are English subtitles) lends great authenticity to the film. However, in the end, this storyline is not much different from the well-known Western formula of 'good' cowboys rescuing innocents from the 'bad guys'. One thing that puzzled me was that once Prent Ritter (Robert Duvall) and Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church) found a Chinese man who could serve as a translator for them, they didn't seem to use him to communicate beyond the first day on which they encountered him; he tags along without serving much of a purpose except to give us one of the many aforementioned 'tug at your heartstrings' life stories. Other than serving as a potential love interest for Prent, the Nola Johns (Greta Scacchi) character doesn't add much to the movie either except, you guessed it, to contribute yet another melodramatic tale of hardship on the frontier.<br /><br />Still, there are a lot of good elements to be found in this Western. In the 'making-of' featurette, Duvall says that he sees this film as the third in a trilogy that also consists of "Lonesome Dove" and "Open Range", and he does make a great cowboy (although his Prent Ritter character here sometimes acts like he might be a bit 'touched in the head'). Thomas Haden Church is a revelation as Tom Harte - he has learned a lot about playing a cowboy since his role as Billy Clanton in "Tombstone". He has mastered the art of hardness and stoicism here, while still being the one character in the movie who is truly emotionally vulnerable (as opposed to the bathos that we get from all of the other characters). Haden Church is excellent throughout the movie, and he deservedly gets the lion's share of the action sequences in the film as well.<br /><br />The scenery in the movie is absolutely gorgeous as Alberta, Canada once again stands in for Wyoming in a Western. The problem with the beautiful scenery is that it, unfortunately, contributes to many of the slow scenes in the movie. I think the filmmakers must have spent considerable time oohing and aahing over the beautiful location shots in recent Westerns like "Open Range", "Monte Walsh", and "Crossfire Trail". The latter two movies were also made-for-cable, and I suspect that AMC may have been trying too hard to emulate cable rival TNT's success with those two Westerns. Again, I enjoy the scenery, but sometimes this movie feels like a travelogue without narration rather than a Western; the other movies I mentioned managed to strike just the right balance between scenery, character development, and action (although "Open Range" also had some of what I'd call 21st-century 'counseling' scenes, they didn't seem quite as contrived as the ones in "Broken Trail").<br /><br />I'll take "Broken Trail" over a Westernless movie landscape any day, but I can't rank it up there with the best of the best. The dearth of Westerns in our day makes some people want to call each one that is filmed an instant classic. This movie is enjoyable enough, but when it's over, you'll probably wish you'd only had to spend two hours, rather than three, watching it (the movie is 'only' 184 minutes long, not 240). More judicious editing might have resulted in the movie being a true classic.
I was introduced to this mini series via the Louis L'Amour discussion forum and buying via amazon let me get the story before it was even considered for distribution in Australasia.<br /><br />The filming and locations for this story are magnificent and this is equalled by the quality of the cast and story line.  The use of subtitles and script in mandarin are no hinderance to the story.<br /><br />Can highly recommend the purchase of this DVD
This is a fantastic western that certainly urges me to read the novel. The attention to details regarding the time period adds to the flavor of this action/drama. The story-line has plenty of trail grit as well as a realistic portrayal of early prostitution and the true fate of most saloon girls. If you're a western lover, this is a must see.<br /><br />Chrissy K. McVay - Author
This is an excellent western that has beautiful scenery, a great story line and excellent acting.  Robert Duvall as Print Ritter plays an old cowhand who decides to take horses from Oregon to Sheridan, Wyoming in 1898 to sell them to an Englishman who needs them for the British army.  He takes along his nephew played by Thomas Haden Church.  Early on they come across a slave trader with young Chinese women and girls being taken to a mining camp.  They run into a bad man who is real life (not some comic book character like some of the old westerns) and the story gets more interesting as it proceeds to a natural western like climax.  Along the way, the scenery, the acting, and the story line kept me interested, so interested that I enjoy seeing this western again and again.  And, unlike many modern westerns that seem to revel in violence (ever since the Wild Bunch of the late 1960s) this one is not overly violent, and it doesn't have to be.  It is very enjoyable and higly recommended just the way that it is.
I bought this because of the good reviews, only to throw it in the trash after the first 5 minutes. I was expecting a great western but got nudity and female mutilation in the first 5 minutes. The trash is where it went and where it belongs. What a disappointment.
Great Movie, showing how ordinary people can show and practice human kindness and compassion to those less fortunate. A must see for movie buffs.
After viewing the excellent saga of "Lonesome Dove" & "Streets of Laredo" I looked forward with anticipation to this Movie of the old west. Especially when it stars Robert Duvall, a most underrated actor. Well I wasn't disappointed, it's a great movie, which puts John Waynes West in a totally different catagary. Another underrated actor in my opinion is James Garner who played Tommy lee Jones part I believe in Streets of Laredo. I must admit though I was not impressed with "Return to Lonesome Dove". also I liked "Open Range" All these movie give to me a more accurate idea of what the west was really like
This is one of my very favorite movies!  The DVD was packaged very well, and delivery was lightning fast.  Many thanks!  Would highly recommend to others!
Broken Trail is a well produced Duvall film, not avaiable in Australia. Was very pleased to obtain it via Amazon, your service is impeccable. Not so pleased to recieve the DVD's still in USA format, but got over this by burning them into a format suitable for Australian equipment. Suggest you may take this into account when processing future orders.
This was an excellent movie, yet I had never even heard of it before I accidently found it in a bargain bin.
Church and Duvall team up for an excellent movie in the tradition<br />of Lonesome Dove.  A movie should be like a good book only<br />in video and this one definitely fits that criteria.  A recommended<br />see.<br /><br />Doug Gollihar/Author & Writer
I recently have been enjoying Westerns, and I ordered Broken Trail. Great performances from the whole cast, and lovely scenery too.  Robert DuVall and Thomas Hayden Church are terrific in this unique, compelling story--which is based on a true story.  It will keep your attention with a good storyline and lots of action and even a little romance.  I definately recommend this film.
Beautiful story - great acting - gave one an insight into how the west really was - loved it - would recommend
Excellent rendition of time on the trail drives.  Thomas Hayden Church shows more acting depth than previous roles have allowed.  Duvall, great old cowboy, as usual.
this series is great. duvall,church and gwendolyn yeo are magnificent. the story was moving and made me weep at certain times.all the asian girls  were so pretty and sweet.it is a shame asian women were sex slaves in this country and others. we learn from this film and hopefully the love between the cowboys and the asian girls will spread worldwide. this film is highly recommemded.
If you were an equestrian or just loved horses and real honest people, you will Love this movie. Well worth the money.
this is a great movie and what a amzing story line about the human sprit .I can watch this movie all the time ...5 stars in my book
We bought this as a gift for my father-in-law.  He is a fan of westerns and thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
Just loved this miniseries. Robert Duvall is absolutely perfect, as is Thomas Hayden Church. Great story, perfectly executed.
You really can't go wrong watching Robert Duvall and this is no exception.  It has a good cast and is an enjoyable western.  If you're a lover of the Western genre then it's a good way to kick back for a few hours and go back a century.
The camera work and scenery here is awesome. Even if the story line were not great this would still be a movie worth watching for the natural beauty of the horses and countryside. However, the story is a great story I enjoy watching this movie every time. Great acting.
This is one of Robert Duvall's best performances.  If you are a fan, this is a must have.  You'll want to have this in your collection.
This is an amazing story of principles and dedication. The filmography was beautiful. The only thing that was off was it seemed to drag in places and there were those relatively long fade out and ins between scenes. I understand that this film was made to be a mini-series and when someone is watching it over several days or weeks (depending on the showing schedule) one needs these repetitive shots of a horse drive slowly making its way across the country side to set the scene for each series. No one ever went across the planes with several hundred horses and a wagon full of young girls very quickly. So this is a wonderfully crafted movie (asside from the long fade in and outs); it probably works better on TV over time than on my computer, viewing it at one sitting. One more little thing about the script. Why did it say there were 500 horses when they only used about 100 or so to do the film? It would have been OK to just say 200 and it would have been just as impressive. Still, it was a beautiful film!
This was a good movie, all 3 hours of it.  I would highly recommend it to any western fan.
There aren't many actors today who can lay claim to the title "dedicated actor", but Robert Duvall can, anytime. His acting always delivers in one way or another. He is definitely at home in all of his western roles. From Open Range to Broken Trail, Duvall delivers.
Very good -- never saw it when it first came out -- don't know how I missed it.
Robert Duvall stars in another great western.  This is a great movie.  It would of been nice if it was all on one DVD, it is broken up into 2 halves.
I CONSIDERED THIS A VERY INTERTAINING MOVIE.  IT WAS ABLE TO HOLD MY ENTREST VERY WELL EVEN THOUGH IT WAS A LONGER THAN AVERAGE MOVIE. THE TWO MAIN CHARACTERS WERE VERY GOOD AND EXTREAMELY BELEAVABLE.  I WOULD LIKE TO SEE MORE LIKE IT.
Beginning with his role as Augustes McCrae in Lonesome Dove(1989), Robert Duvall has carved out his place in western cinimatic history as the Ultimate American Cowboy.  This is not to be confused with the great personae that a certain Mr. Eastwood, among others, has created during his remarkable film career.  We're not talking about the "man with no name" that is today's hero, but rather the real cowboy that would also have been revered in his own time.  In Broken Trail, Robert Duvall continues his portrayal of the sage old cowboy who is frought with human frailties, yet hard-edged enough to survive the dangers of his period.  Just watch for Duvall's mouth movements such as spitting, chewing or the  one-handed smoothing his mustache with a bit of saliva. He is THE GREAT AMERICAN COWBOY and this wonderfully crafted western should be watched just for Robert Duvall's presence.
Remember, this is television, not the big screen. My point being that although this is not on the level with Lonesome Dove or Dances with Wolves, I wish there was more TV like this (Yes, I realize Lonesome Dove was a TV mini-series as well).<br /><br />Like a few others have said, this is a good movie, but do not expect Lonesome Dove. I guess it is unfair because I couldn't watch this movie without Lonesome Dove in my mind the whole time. There are many scenes, characters and themes reminiscent of Lonesome Dove, including the pervading melancholy mood, and although the scenery is beautiful and the film quality is better, it just doesn't have the same impact.<br /><br />There are some scenes, some long and boring scenes, that I assume were intended to give some depth and character to the movie, but they had me on the verge of hitting the DVD fast-forward button. Just too slow and boring. These are few, however, and in the end they are only a minor distraction.<br /><br />I guess I'm biased, Robert Duvall is unquestionably one of the, if not THE, great actors of our time, and has played some fascinating characters, but to me he will always be Augustus McCrae. It is impossible for me to watch him in a western, including Open Range, and not think of ol' Gus and look for Woodrow Call to to ride up. Impossible.<br /><br />This is a good movie. There is good old fashioned frontier justice, what's right is right, life on the trail, beautiful scenery and cinematography, nice acting, a good story, and Robert Duvall. Duvall, like the rest of us, isn't as spry and animated as he was 15+ years ago when Lonesome Dove was filmed, but without him this movie doesn't exist.
I acted in this movie, so I am alittle biased, but it was not what I had thought, more drama, less action, but a good movie all the same
I would compare this movie to BBC Planet Earth. Both films are great, have a lot of amazing shots and a few not so amazing. My machine plays this movie at about half of computing power, electricity is filtered, HDTV (used as monitor)calibrated with Spider2Express. This Blu-ray release is not as good as 3:10 To Yuma. I would still recommend this purchase.
Different kind of story but excellently made and good to the end.
This movie is incredible!  It has a different twist to it that only makes it more appealing.  Duvall and Church are excellent together and I really enjoyed Church's character.  Great acting by all.
What a pleasure to watch, at last, a western of the kind which made us dream of America. Every image of that movie could be a Norman Rockwell picture or one of the XIX - XX century great american paintings.<br /><br />I don't know if the American Dream is still alive, but such a movie certainly keeps the Dream of America as such.
This is the story of the founding of Haythorn Ranch in Arthur,Nebraska ([...]) The founder trailed 500 head of horses from Oregon to start the operation which today is known for their excellent stock of horses. I don't know how true the details are but the story is based in reality and you can visit the place today. The current proprietors are direct descendents of the main character in the story and are delightful people. They not only breed excellent horses but also provide a true Western setting for weddings and events. Speaking from first hand experience.
Another great performance from Robert Duvall, who seems to have a knack for performing fine western characters.  Thomas Haden Church gives a equally fine performance with the added bonus of really looking like a weathered old time cowboy. All of the actors give fine authentic performances, esp the bad guys. The result is a good story well told. I just had to add it to my DVD collection.
Robert Duvall - his usual superb self in the role of a western character.  High praise also for Thomas Haden Church.....splendid performance.
shipped in timely manner.  purchased for gift--saw part of it on TV.  looked good for western fan
Item arrived on time and in great shape. Who does not like a good wrestern? Robert Duvall is always great to watch!!!!!!!!!
Kind of like old time westerns.  Kind good hero's and very bad, Bad Guys.
This is a great movie that I wanted toadd tomy collection.  It arrived in a timely manner and as described.  No problems and no complaints.
The movie was a described.  It came even sooner than it was suppose to. The "sender" was quite detailed and everything is great.  i will use this sender again, when possible.
the usual solid robert duvall performance in lonesome dove mode but still<br />worth veiwing.my wife usually not a western fan  enjoyed the film
My ex-wife turned-me-on to Westerns, which were not high on my hit list before giving-in to her, (Yes, I was a easy mark for a sweet voice and and a pretty face, unfortunately it wasn't hers and she ditched me when I remembered who's it was that raced my heart! Tami, if you ever read this I am sorry for any embarassment it brings you, you know it's All true, so don't damn me, please?)  Anyway, once I made the conversion from Comedy to Western, I found Robert Duvall to be the epiome of a Western Hero. (Perhaps who Willie Nelson was thinking of when he wrote M Heros Have Always Been Cowboys)  This is one of Duvall's finest, watch it, enjoy it and never forge Tami, I won't!
However, I do have a couple of nits to pick and I will get them out of the way first.<br /><br />One, why in heaven's name did they set the story in 1897?  The West was tamed by then.  Almost nothing that happened fit into that time frame, from a trail drive of that magnitude (700 miles) to the raw mining town to the indians on the "warpath" to the encounter with "Smallpox Bob."  If they had set it in 1882 or even 1889, they would have been safe.  I can't help but think that someone slipped up on the research, really.<br /><br />Two, I love Robert Duvall, but I am getting a tad bored with his patented "Agustus McCrea" impersonation.  I realize that in order to get this project backed he probably did have to promise to reprise his most popular character type.  But couldn't he have given us one or two surprises this time?  Maybe stretch the character a bit?  For instance, why not have let Uncle Print actually take a chance on a real relationship with Nola Jones?  Greta Scacchi gave such a touching and lovely performance one did feel that her character deserved better.<br /><br />That said, any discontent I may have with the movie is more than made up for by the revelation of Thomas Hadden Church, solid and stunning as an action hero of the best kind.  The almost wordless romance between his character and the character of Sun Yu is completely convincing and totally satisfying.  Oh, and the young woman playing Sun Yu is no slouch in the acting department either.<br /><br />I also give the production team points for examining the plight of the young Chinese women and of women in general in the West before it was tamed.  Unfortunately, that would have been several years earlier than 1897.  Rats!  I couldn't quite forget it so I decided to pretend that it was mistake by the person who did the graphics for the little introductory comments.  And that worked till a character mentioned the Spanish American War.  Oh...Heck!<br /><br />But, see...I gave it 4 stars anyway, and that means it was pretty darn good regardless.
I have not viewed this film, but have read other reviews.  I realize Robert Duvall had larger roles in his named western trilogy.  But he makes an excellent imprint on the Walter Hill movie of Geronimo which starred Wes Studi as Geronimo, Matt Damon as a young officer.  It was a great movie and is still available.  I will be getting Broken Trail soon.
The movie was for my grandmother for Christmas.  She loved it......into Westerns.
This movie takes place when the west was no longer as open as it had been or the Indians as wild. The plight of Chinese women sold into slavery is just as bad today as it was then?<br />The filming and acting is great, but this version is kind of slow as westerns go. I liked it and enjoyed the history of the drive<br />of horses across open country.<br />The bad guys are really bad and the good ones are just kinda nice...
I anticipated a great movie because Robert Duvall is in it. After seeing Open Range I was ready for another great western.  I was really enjoying the movie until it just up and ended after the girls were being rescued again. There they are fleeing town and the credits start rolling. Talk about being ripped.
While I enjoyed the movie overall, I felt that it contained many negatives which took away from the overall enjoyment. The DVD is not rated but should be a Mature or an R for nudity and language. What I hoped to be another great western for the family to enjoy turned into an "OMG get the kids out of here" from the time I hit play.<br />It felt like they were trying to stretch out the movie by injecting subplots and majestic scenes instead of building on the main plot<br />Way to much foul language: I understand that such language is and has been around forever, but it should have been toned down in the movie.<br />Nudity: What occurred to the women could have been conveyed without the graphic scenes in the movie. While it did happen why show it in the manner they did? Ever heard of taste?<br />To many plot distractions: The plague carrier, the madam who bought the Chinese girls, the bad guy who was sent to pick up the Chinese girls. The therapeutic paper scene; Come on, is TP that exciting?<br />While I am in no way a prude and never want to see government censors dictating morals to the film industry.  I find the modern trend in graphic sex, language, and violence portrayed in the film industry disappointing.  I enjoy a good shoot-em up flick packed with action, blood and guts as much as the next person, but do you have to say the F word 5 times in a sentence. Do you have to show tasteless sex scenes? Do you need to show the torturous dismemberment of someone? Why is it so difficult to make a quality film now days?  Maybe that's why there are so many remakes of old film coming out of Hollywood. Is the well dry? Is the talent of modern actors so limited that the audience must be distracted? BLAH BLAH BLAH.... I've said my piece.
An interesting western but filled with nudity and actions that bring the quality  of he movie down. The acting was less than smooth.<br /><br />Two cowboys save five chinese girls and have to take them cross country with them on their cattle drive.<br /><br />I can't recommend this movie to any one.
This film had a great story line that was poorly executed. It included what appears to be a real horse being trampled to death, a rape scene and other basic violence. I am sure this would receive an "R" rating from MPAA.<br /><br />At the beginning of the film, the Chinese girls (who actually are the best part of the entire movie) are inspected for their virginity. This of course has some nudity and other quick uncomfortable shots. The only thing that would have made it more gratuitous would have been a copycat scene from Basic Instinct. Ok I can get past that but clearly I would not let younger family members see this. The one scene I could not believe actually made the final cut is the running of the horses. As masses of horses are running toward the camera on the right you can see a horse turn upside down and get obviously trampled, I am assuming to its death. I was incredulous that a scene like that would be left for viewers. Any director would have to know that would color someone's opinion from then on. Obviously SPCA didn't certify that no animals were hurt during the making of this movie. I am sure the scene where horses fall and are killed showed even less mercy for the animals. I just cringe thinking of how many were injured during the production of this saga.<br /><br />Other scenes were disjointed. How Ritter knew that that the two men were carring diseases when they tried to cross the trail is beyond me. It would have made a great dropping on the editing floor. The rape scene is another great selection for droppings.<br /><br />If you are considering buying this, do not expect it to be a family western and do not expect to feel good afterward. This film lacked class and was NOT tastefully done. I got the feeling that only men influenced the production of this and I regret spending the money on a film that made money off of the poor treatment of horses. Instead of being an artfully done feel good western, this saga left me with a sick feeling in the middle of my stomach. At the end of the story, I really didn't care that a scroll of what happend to the characters rolled by. If it was based on a true story, I don't think the real people portrayed would be proud of this version of the true events.<br /><br />Just beware if you choose this "Western" that you are not getting a classic or even one you will want to watch again.
Sorry but this movie certainly showed a horrific side of the old west.  Sure there were some noble men and victimized young Chinese girls, but they were way outnumbered by the rotten men and women depicted in the movie.  I do not find very graphic violence, nudity, and rape on the top of my must watch list.  I skipped to the ending on the second disk.
First, let me say the actors and production crew on BROKEN TRAIL do an admirable job on this film. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE does an outstanding job in bringing this film to the screen. But Canada, was chosen, rather than the USA, for actors, production crew and location. These production companies generate alot of money to the local economy. But the locales of the story are supposed to be Oregon and Wyoming. Why was a foreign country chosen instead? Is this because locations and talent were not available or suitable in Oregon or Wyoming? No. Were it that simple. It's because of greed. Because of taxes and other incentives, many American directors and producers work in Canada because it's cheaper. Duvall, who is "Executive Producer" and director Walter Hill, felt they could do it cheaper and better outside the USA to make more profits and work with the people they've done so on so many other films shot in Canada. How much money do these guys need!!!!? I'm surprised at Duvall as he is so pro-american being a staunch Republican. Wake up everybody. We are losing so much of America including even the western through more "outsourcing" and what Duvall proudly calls " our greatest American heritage".
"Broken Trail", a dream project for producer/star Robert Duvall, and AMC's first original film, is the spiritual heir to Kevin Costner's 2003 "Open Range" (also starring Duvall), and one of the most moving, involving Westerns of recent years.<br /><br />With a charismatic, extremely effective performance by Thomas Haden Church, as Duvall's long-estranged nephew, the film is one of only a handful of Westerns that combine epic sweep, superb characterization, and an understanding of the 'Real West', without shortchanging decency, or respect of an individual's worth. The era was hard, justice could be swift and brutal, and Duvall, as aging but upright Prentice Ritter, lives by his own rules; to protect the helpless in his care, to respect others, and to be unafraid to resort to violence, if necessary. Tom Harte (Church), despite some family history problems with his uncle, lives by the same code, and the two men, driving a herd of horses from Oregon to Wyoming to raise cash for a ranch, become the 'saviors' of five young Chinese women, sold into prostitution, who inadvertently fall into their hands.<br /><br />These are good men, in a jaded world, and their journey picks up other 'strays', as well as the women; young Virginian fiddler Heck Gilpin (an engaging Scott Cooper), is rescued by Tom in a saloon; aging Chinese laborer Lung Hay (Donald Fong), and careworn prostitute Nola John (the wonderful Greta Scacchi) join the group after Tom saves the Chinese women from rapists, in a boarding house/bordello. While neither Ritter and Harte were overjoyed at the strange direction the drive was taking, they would not allow harm to fall on 'innocents', and the group bonds into a warm 'family', with Nola and Ritter finding a mature attraction between each other, and Tom and Sun Foy/#3 (Gwendoline Yeo, who speaks only Mandarin, in the film), gently falling in love.<br /><br />Danger is never far behind them, however, as brutal ex-con 'Big Ears' (Chris Mulkey), with a score to settle with Nola, and a 'contract' to return the Chinese women to whorehouse owner Kate 'Big Rump' Becker (Rusty Schwimmer), trails them, leading a gang of killers...<br /><br />While the film is long (240 minutes), director Walter Hill, an old hand at Westerns (his "The Long Riders" is one of my favorites), keeps the story constantly engrossing, and Duvall and Church have a warmth and authenticity as the characters that will stay with you, long after the movie ends.<br /><br />Shot in the Canadian Rockies, "Broken Trail" combines grandeur and intimacy seamlessly, has moments of great humor to lighten the drama, explosive action, and a bittersweet sense of nostalgia...<br /><br />It is, simply, superb!
I watched this film on AMC. This is AMC cable network's first original production starring Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church. It is a fictional story that everyone will want to watch. The background for this movie is based on historical fact of the time. I knew I was going to watch this western as soon as I read that Robert Duvall was involved in the project.<br /><br />This movie takes place during the late 1800s. It starts with two horse wranglers played by Duvall and Church. Duvall's character, Print Ritter, is Church's uncle. They decide too wrangle horses and sell them to the British Empire who needed them for the Boer War. In the movie we follow this magnificent heard of horses as they are driven east across beautiful country. During the drive they run into five Chinese women who were being kidnapped from the West Coast and brought to the interior west to serve as prostitutes. The story of our horse drive and the story of five Chinese women become intertwined.<br /><br />What makes this western special is we see the personal growth of Print Ritter from lonesome cowboy to father figure. And what makes this western unique is we see the story from the view of the female characters. Though the movie did not end exactly as I expected, it was close, yet seemed more real.<br /><br />This is a must see movie. The story line, acting, scenery, background are all top notch. It was hard for me to believe that this was not very large big screen production.
Wow!  This is why filmmakers make movies.  This movie will capture your imagination and heart.  It is a big epic of a western, beautifuly filmed, with an intriging story line that will keep you guessing right up until the very end.<br /><br />I am a devoted western movie fan, and this movie ranks up there with the very best of the genre.<br /><br />Robert Duvall, best known as "Agustus" in Lonesome Dove, dons western garb once again and stars in a lengthy, yet thoroughly enjoyable tale of a horse drive across the plains to Sheridan, Wyoming.  Duvall employs his nephew in the endevor, and they unexpectedly meet up with a variety of both endearing and unsavory characters along the way.<br /><br />This is not a shoot 'em up western. It is not action-packed.  It meanders at a leisurly pace, as an actual horse drive would, yet an enjoyable pace from beginning to end.  Duvall, as the patriarch Print Ritter, and his nephew Tom Harte, (played exceedingly strongly by Thomas Church) take about 500 head of horses to Wyoming.  On the trail, they cross trails with an evil pimp who is moving five Chinese girls to a mining camp where they will be sold into the living hell of prostitution.  The Chinese are sweet innocent beings who are being mistreated by the pimp, and through a series of incidents, the girls become the responsibility of Ritter and Harte.  From there, the group picks up additional characters: another trail hand, an aging abused prostitute, Nola, played wonderfully by Greta Scacchi(who becomes a potential love interest of Duvall), and a Chinese man.  This western is unusual in that the men portrayed have an inate sense of honor, and they treat their "guests" with dignity and kindness, which is unusual treatment indeed.  The men vow to protect their companions until they can be safely dropped off in a town where they will be protected and not abused.<br /><br />On the trail we are treated to the troup interacting with each other.  Nola falls in love with Duvall's character, as she senses the goodness inside him.  She has never been treated with respect or kindness, and she sees a future with Duvall that would be romantic and tender in their love for each other.  Meanwhile, nephew Tom has his shy eye on one of the Chinese girls, and they form a tentative, but budding relationship along the way.  Throughout the trail drive, the viewer wonders how the love interests will play out.<br /><br />As with any good western, there is a chief antagonist, and in this case, he is a former customer of Nola's, "Big Ed", who is obsessed with her, yet absues her, and in the past nearly killed her.  He is paid to bring the Chinese girls to the mining town, and like any evil man, he surrounds himself with three other equally evil companions to accomplish the job.  Plans are made to overcome Duvall and his group, take the Chinese girls, and steal the horse herd.<br /><br />The climax occurs at the very end of the film, so it keeps you guessing right up until the very last minute.  I will not spoil the ending here, yet suffice to say that the ending is tension-filled, action-packed, and beautifully directed for maximum suspense and impact.<br /><br />Robert Duvall is magnificent.  He is the quintessential cowboy, a role that he was born to play.  His easy mannerisms and style of acting rank an A+ in my book.  Thomas Church plays a powerful role as well, as the chief protector of the group.  He is as physically hard as Duvall is tender-hearted, and the two make a fine contrast.  All the actors portray their roles wonderfully and most believably.  It is as though you are along for the ride, watching it all unfold.  One is not aware that these are actors playing roles, no, these are reallife characters, and that is what draws you into this 4-hour movie, and keeps your interest.<br /><br />This is a movie that is not suitable for young children due to gun violence and a brief rape scene.  It is however, a movie that both men and women will enjoy together, for the male-female relationship is continually explored throughout the movie.  Most westerns do not appeal to women, but this one is different, as much of the movie is interpreted through female eyes.<br /><br />In conclusion, this is a great western that is worth every minute of the 4-our time span.  It will engage you and show a side of the west that no other film has attempted.  Highly recommended without reservations.  Find a nice easy chair, sit back, and enjoy this beautifully-made film.<br /><br />Jim 'Konedog" Koenig
What is it that makes a good Western? Most people who hate Westerns will tell you that they're all the same and, in many cases such is true. Accordingly, I could go on and on about the elements of this movie that are characteristic of all good Westerns. But then I would likely be parroting the excellent points made in most of the previous reviews here.<br /><br />But for the purposes of my review, I choose to talk about the things that make BROKEN TRAIL special.<br /><br />First, the characters and the way they are portrayed is extremely compelling.  I like how Print Ritter, played masterfully by Robert Duvall, is an "equal-to-life" hero.  He's not set here as a Western giant, the likes of John Wayne, who can do no wrong and who has complete confidence in everything that he sets his mind to.  Instead, Ritter is a man of doubts, strengths, concerns and confidences who approaches life as any one of us might. He chooses some things right and in other things he fall short. Wonderful "every man" mentality. But then this is becoming a refreshingly consistent story for Western characters played by Robert Duvall.<br /><br />Such is also true of Ritter's nephew, Thomas Harte played by Thomas Haden Church. There's friction between Harte and his uncle but then there's an abiding respect that helps form the foundation of one of the finest relationships ever to grace the Western screen. In its own way it's right up there with Gus and Call. Church's deliberate, plodding style creates a confidence in viewers that is nothing short of wonderful. One seems to feel that, come what may, Harte may very well be the last man standing and in the end he doesn't disappoint.<br /><br />And then there's Big Ears Bywater played about as coldly (and wonderfully, I might add) as imaginable by Chris Mulkey. Without expression, even when Ritter defiantly smashes his face with a butt of his head, Big Ears is reminiscent in numerous ways of the demoniacal Blue Duck of LONESOME DOVE fame. He's the sort of villain that keeps the audience wondering whether this is a story that, in the end, goes to the bad guy.  But then I'll leave you to watch and see for yourself.<br /><br />Gwendoline Yeo, Olivia Cheng, Caroline Chan, Jadyn Wong and Valerie Tian are wonderful in their portrayals of five young unfortunate Chinese woman, sold into prostitution and without any apparent hope.  Interestingly, they project an air of vulnerable strength that wins the hearts of Ritter and Harte, as well as the viewer.  No condescension, racism or the pathetic stereotype that might have emerged. You pull for these girls, not because they are helpless, but because their personalities shine clearly through.<br /><br />Add supporting performances by Donald Fong as Lung Hay, Greta Scacchi as Nola, Scott Cooper as Heck Gilpin, James Russo as Captain Billy Fender and Rusty Schwimmer as Big Rump Kate and the spectacular, breathtaking cinematography and what emerges in BROKEN TRAIL is a Western drama that quite easily stands up with some of the best in the genre.<br /><br />THE HORSEMAN
Robert Duvall considered Broken Trail to form the third part of a trilogy starting with Lonesome Dove and continuing through Open Range. When I read that, I got down on my mental knees and said a novena for AMC who produced this movie for cable. Duvall has been a presence in movies since Boo Radley in To Kill A Mockingbird, opposite John Wayne in True Grit and consiglere to The Godfather but his role in Lonesome Dove was the epitome of an actor and a man in a role for all times. His character was one that reminded you of the best qualities of old friends and the independent spirit that lives within us, however shackled by circumstance and commitments we may be.<br /><br />  So when Mr. Duvall speaks Trilogy in conjunction with Lonesome Dove, you listen...and watch.<br /><br />  He produced this movie and had a hard time shopping the script to studios. It was written more character driven and the studio suits suggested less character and more bullets driven into cowboys.Thankfully, AMC let the whole 240 minutes play out as it was written. There is enough time for appreciating the gradual changes that occur in the characters as they react to the unusual circumstances that bring them together. And those that don't adapt or evolve tend to die- by suicide or violent means-yet this isn't one of those movies about the passing of The Old West.<br /><br />  Overall, this is a terrific film that jumps more than a few boundaries of traditional westerns. And is ultimately about the spirit of the West and the East - about the spirit.
I saw this on AMC and want to get it on DVD when it comes out!  It is one of those Westerns that you just know you will want to see over and over again.  It did not surprise me that it was that good as I could not imagine Robert Duvall being in a Western that was not well done!<br /><br />All of the actors are excellent, the scenery is beautiful, the story not only holds your interest, but is very believable and depicts the people and the times in an accurate light.<br /><br />I also liked the fact that this Western covered a subject very few Westerns make more than a passing mention of and that is the Chinese in the Old West.<br /><br />I highly recommend this Western to all that like a good story and especially a good Western.
This is a really moving and marvelous western. Robert Duval (also Exec. Producer) said he considers this the third part of his personal western trilogy (Lonesome Dove 1 & 2 being the first parts)... but the story here, and his character is different. (I didn't care for Lonesome Dove, BTW, it was too hard-hearted for me.)<br /><br />Like most great westerns the real battle here is between corruption and ethics, even if they are wild west ethics. Duval and Church give 100% perfect performances, but Gwendolyn Yeo as the sweet strong mother figure for the Chinese girls is the heart of this piece, and she gives us brilliant moments of heart wrenching confusion, relief and joy. It is her smile which brightens this dark tale, this, and the Director's vision that true goodness does actually exist, and has strength and power. That mindset is what makes any western great.<br /><br />In the traditional trail drive, non verbal male atmosphere, we have 5 kidnapped Chinese women ( rightfully not dubbed, so seemingly non-verbal as well) and this mix lifts the story far above the ordinary.<br /><br />Greta Scacchi - looking beautifully her age - later comes in as a woman whose life has let her slip far downhill, and we have a truly great, restrained, mature, romantic scene between Duvall and Scacchi.<br /><br />Through all of this is really beautiful and majestic cinematography, used to to it's best to highlight and magnify the whole story. Even in a genre known for landscape, this one is near the top for scenes of raw, expansive, natural beauty. We see why Duvall's character feels most alive on the trail.<br /><br />This is a smart western for men and women, a western that is also a date movie... one of the greats of the genre.
I can only hope they someone keeps making Westerns because the few that have been made the last few years have been outstanding. This one, a TV miniseries, is just great. I can't say enough good things about it. I saw it recently on DVD. It was a three-hour film. I thought I read somewhere that it was four hours, so I don't know if this version has been cut down. I only know what I saw, and I liked about everything I saw.<br /><br />I also knew what to expect.....and that helped. I didn't expect a rough film with a ton of violence and nasty characters, language, etc. What surprised me was just how interesting a film this was for being three hours long and not having a lot of action. I attribute this to the dialog, the acting, characters you care about and the wonderful cinematography. It's hard to beat the scenery in a nicely-filmed western.<br /><br />The words coming out of the two stars of the picture, Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church were extremely believable material. These guys were tough, but not abrasively- macho, compassionate but not sappy. As "Prentice Ritter" and "Tom Harte," respectively, they fascinating to watch. I liked what they said throughout the movie and they were extremely believable characters. They looked and talked the part.<br /><br />This story is different because it's mainly about helping five young Chinese women, who are destined for prostitution, slavery and who knows what else. Ritter and Harte didn't volunteer for the job; it accidentally came upon them as they were escorting horses North for a nice payday. The two men showed wonderful compassion for these girls, despite the fact they slowed their mission down and had a problem with communication.<br /><br />It simple terms: this is a nice movie, a good story about good guys doing a good deed for the right reasons. Watching them do it, under adverse conditions, was almost a privilege. A big thank you to all involved with this movie and giving us fans of this genre hope that it isn't completely dead.
If you like Robert Duvall as a cowboy (Open Range, Lonesome Dove) then you are in for a big big treat!!!!  I saw this on AMC the other day and I was truly inspired.  The acting is great, the story is excellent, and the camera shots are beyond comparision.  If you love Westerns like I do--get this now!!!  There are alot of familiar actors in this film that I reconized and it made the film so excellent.  Especially the one that played his nephew--what a performance--both actors are great as cowboys.  Get this movie as soon as it is released.  I know I will.  Don't miss it!!!!!
Duvall is the rough around the edges, but loving grandfather-like figure you know had to exist back in those wild times of the old west.  This is the 3rd and probably last western for Duvall, who has stated that Broken Trail completes his trilogy with Lonesome Dove and Open Range.<br /><br />Church is a tough, determined, western man who does things "the cowboy way"... he's perfect for the part, and you'll agree once you see him and his character.<br /><br />What the story lacks in action-adventure, it sure makes up for in character development, relationships, scenery, and just plain pulling you in, and making you feel like you're actually on the horse-drive with them.  And when the action does come, it's shocking, tense, and more realistic than any western before.<br /><br />this movie about good honest men, doing the right thing, in a time and place where no one else did.<br /><br />This movie isn't just for western fans or men, but women can really get into this, as there are several female co-stars here who wrestle with the hardships of the day as seen from the eyes of a woman in the late 1800s, in the lawless west.<br /><br />I've read it before on a review forum, and I agree that on a top ten list, if Lonesome Dove is a 10, and Open Range is a 9, then Broken Trail is an 8 or 8&1/2!!!<br /><br />I can't wait for this release.
Mr. Duvall, thank you for your persistance in getting this movie to the TV screen.  It is a wonderful portrayal of the Old West, two men, and the plight of Chinese in the Old West.
I oredered this BluRay Movie from Amazon.Com and when it was delivered to me here, in the remote part of North Eastern India, I am amazed and thrilled. I immediately switched on my PS3 system as I do not have any other BluRay player, and inserted the disk. We are greeted by stunning and crystal clear 1080p Hi Definition movie intro. The setting and the plot of the film was just great and the actors - they deserve a standing ovation. It brought tears to everyone's eyes seeing the exploitation and the harrasment of these poor Chinese ladies. Watching this film, my niece, my sisters all broke into tears. That was extremely touching. Our salute goes to everyone in the film specially to those 5 poor and exploited Chinese ladies. Naming them 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 is rather funny. Duvall and Thomas also played their part very well. I liked the scenery and the cinematography too. This movie is simply GREAT in all respect. Anyone who love western movies - This movies is for you. A must in anyone's WESTERN MOVIE COLLECTION LIBRARY. Good work done by everyone in the set. Our salute goes to the Director too. Good job.
This is a western which really demonstrates human values.<br /><br />Robert Duvall (Prentice Ritter) and his nephew Thomas Hayden Church (Tom Harte) play weather beaten but honest cowboys, along with an educated new cow-hand Scott Cooper, who also plays the violin. These three dust covered cowboys, drive a herd of top notch horses northward in order to sell them to the U.S. Army, but due to sudden adverse circumstances wind up protecting five Chinese girls who were being abused for money by corrupt 'human lice'.<br /><br />Donald Fong does a wonderful job playing Lung Hay, who also assists the three cowboys with the five girls, and later on a lady caught up with the bad guys, headed by Chris Mulkey, playing a cruel gunmen named Big Ears, who teams up with three other low life gunmen who are after the fine herd of horses plus the Chinese girls.<br /><br />The actresses playing the Chinese girls are as follow: Gwendoline Yeo as Sun Foy 'aka' #3. Valerie Tian was Ging Wa 'aka' #5. Caroline Chan as Mai Ling 'aka' #2. Olivia Chen played Ye Fung 'aka' #4 and Jadyn Wong as Ghee Moon 'aka' #1 coupled with an older American lady Greta Scacchi playing Nola Johns. All these actresses gave wonderful performances.<br /><br />This fine western's cinematography was truly magnificent through the entire picture.<br /><br />A must see for western fans and fans of movies with a purpose.
The scenery in this movie would make it worth seeing time after time, even if the story were not so good. I was completely unaware of this title and ordered it for my Dad (Lonesome Dove - the movies only - huge fan) and we watched this several times when I was at home last. The story has a lot of twists and turns, not everyone is okay, not everyone survives. True to life out in the back country and wonderful acting. I don't know if I missed this if it was in theaters or on t.v., but am so glad to know about it now. My college-age son & his g.f. watched it with us one night and were truly fascinated. They thought the story was very well told and acted and the scenery was gorgeous. SO.....in short, it works for anyone who likes this genre & is between the ages of 22 & 81 -- or at least that is my personal experience!
beautiful settings, wonderful casting, good storyline and screenplay, well edited, fantastically performed by almost every role player. what can you say and enjoy more of this kinda movie!? a nostalgic revisit of the 'lonesome dove' and its similar characters. the galloping horses in the picturestic mountains and plateaus, a pleasant and wonderful viewing experience.
I have to preface this review (some cultural background) because its just another review if I do not. I am rather surprised that a Western has intrigued me as much as this movie. I liked Open Range but I think I was experiencing more than a Western with Broken Trail, kind of like unveiling the hidden meanings in poetry. Growing up in the "Black Community," we did not watch many westerns, if any, so I asked myself what is so intriguing about this western? I have no conscious relationship to this western. I have watched as little as 5 films more than twice, and I love analyzing and enjoying film since the 1980's. I think Broken Trail speaks to my inner spirituality and the importance of taking journeys.<br /><br />I also think that the historical accuracy of the women most likely being Chinese, allowed me to just enjoy the film and not ask what are these characters doing in this film?! They were very attractive in many ways and because of the language barrier the facial expression and body language made it more interesting. The way #3 was falling in love with (Thomas Hayden Church) without words, was poignant. When she did not get on the stagecoach ride to San Francisco, at the end of the movie,  and just stood there with her hand on her heart crying,..Wow! I almost cried. Again I am from a neighborhood where being macho kept you from an ass-whuppin' and very often hid the sensitivity necessary to be a whole man. We had no connection to the country life, or any knowledge of Black cowboys at the time, so there was no interest in any westerns. I know its the hidden messages of caring for others, persevering through hardships, and the beauty of other cultures, that touched me deeply. Good job Mr. Duvall.
I said it before -- Duvall can cowboy, period. I was born in Nevada, in the late 40s ( Gad, that makes me sound old! ), and I grew up around horses and drovers on a ranch. Duvall and Church have captured the feel of the old West -- the manners or lack therof, the life on the trail, and everyone who would like to see a little slice of life before modern conveniences should watch this.
A friend loaned me this little gem when she came home after holidaying in the U.S.A.If you enjoyed Lonesome Dove and Open Range you will enjoy Broken Trail and, YES, Mr Duval does his :Gus Mcrae:again.SO WHAT?It,s not as if it is a bad performance and it fits in with the pace of the film and the storyline.In reviewing a film i dont believe you should say a lot about the story as it could give people a pre-conceived idea about whats going to happen.Let them judge for themselves.<br /><br />Broken Trail is an easy,gentle,with some real dark moments,Western,with an unusual story,and some great performances particularly from Mr Church. Considering that most people would find it hard to imagine him in a western,he was excellent and portrayed a great, strong,silent,hero.<br /><br />Get the kids to bed,feet up and enjoy this Western.<br /><br />Davy,wesnut.
For those of you who are big fans of the TV mini-series, Lonesome Dove, and the Kevin Costner movie, Open Range, here's another one to wet your appetite with--Broken Trail, starring the great Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church.  It was only by accident (I was watching the Hollywood Foreign Press Awards show a few months ago and Duvall was nominated for his role in Broken Trail) that I found out about this three-hour mini-series made specifically for the American Movie Channel in 2006.  And, once I found out about it, I discovered that the mini-series was already out on DVD.  Miracles do occasionally happen!  Anyway, Broken Trail is the story of Print Ritter (played by Duvall) who inherits his sister's farm after she dies.  Her son, Tom Harte (played by Church), is left nothing because he took it upon himself to strike out on his own years earlier.  Ritter meets with Harte and explains what has happen, suggesting that maybe the both of them could join together and lead a herd of 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming.  Since Harte has nothing to lose, he agrees to help his uncle for twenty-five percent of the profits.  In their journey across the north-western part of the country, they pick-up a Virginian gentleman/fiddler named Heck Gilpin (played by Scott Cooper), five abused and abandoned Chinese women who'd been sold into a life of slavery, a prostitute with a broken nose who's played by Greta Scacchi, and an old Chinese man played by Donald Wong.  To make matters even more complicated, they're being followed by a group of killers, led by Big Ears (played by Chris Mulkey), and there will be a final showdown.  Broken Trail delivers in full force with the majestic scenery of the northwest, a story of goodness battling evil with the killing fast and violent, the superb acting of both Robert Duvall and Thomas Hayden Church (not to mention the rest of the cast, especially Chris Mulkey as the villain who never raises his voice, yet manages to project a true sense of evil), the eye for detail and accuracy about the Old West, and the excellent direction of Walter Hill.  This is the kind of Western that you'll want to watch over and over again with Robert Duvall playing the type of role that he was born for.  The DVD extras include a twenty-minute featurette on the Making of Broken Trail.  Thank God for DVDs.  Now, when a truly excellent movie like Broken Trail appears on a TV station that you don't get, all you have to do is wait for the DVD to come out.  Highly recommended!
Robert Duvall reprises his aging cowboy roles from "Lonesome Dove" and "Open Range" in this 3-hour TV western that follows not a cattle drive but the cross-country trek of a herd of mustangs from Oregon to Wyoming in the closing years of the 19th century. Many of the elements of the genre are here, including the beauty and wide-open spaces of the western landscape (the film was shot in Alberta, Canada), the presence of vicious outlaws threatening the lives and welfare of the film's heroes, much gunplay, conflicts with Indians, and the vulnerability of women in a lawless land. In this case, there is the added element of a little-known fact of western history, the presence of Asian immigrants and the not uncommon fate of many Chinese women sold into lives of prostitution.<br /><br />As some other reviewers have already noted here, the film runs a bit long. While it attempts to provide a history lesson in American diversity and prejudice, the script tends to shy away from providing much depth. It's treatment of some themes is glancing and at times predictable. And one could also argue that an important social problem is played more for entertainment value than thought-provoking illumination.<br /><br />While Duvall is unbeatable in this kind of role, with the wisdom of years, a salty edge, and a self-deprecating sense of humor, the performance of Tom Haden Church helps hold the film together from start to finish. Skeptical, a bit soured by his bachelor cowboy life, and rarely smiling, he remains a wonderful foil to the older Duvall. And he gets the best line of the movie. When a madam objects to his rescue of the five Chinese girls by shouting, "Those girls are my property," he replies, "That's the price of capitalism."<br /><br />The set designer for "Deadwood" has created a wild, woolly frontier town, and we're reminded in scene after scene that the West was unpaved. There is mud to be found almost everywhere there are people, cattle, and horses. A making-of featurette has informative interviews with many of those both in front of and behind the cameras. Not a really great film, but worth watching whether you like westerns or not.
I saw this movie for the first time on American Movie Classics (AMC) and just kept wanting to see it again and again. This is one of my favorite movies now. The story is unique and riveting.  Robert Duval and Thomas Haden Church are wonderful in this movie. I love it because the main characters, Church and Duvall, are honorable men in a lawless, wild part of our history.  I wish the story were really true. There's plenty of horse riding, shooting and fighting, but there's also undercurrents of romance and love. It's just a great movie!
This is a wonderful western withsomething to say, a great story line and wonderfull cast.  Robert Duvall is one of my all time favorite actors and he does another bang up job here.  I was also impressed by Thomas Haden Church, I never imagined him as the prototypical cowboy but he does a great job here.  Oh yeah!
I LOVE this movie.  It is probably one of the best cowboy movies made in the last 10 years and is based on a true story which is even better in my opinion.  The only problem with this movie is that since it was a mini series the movie "ends" halfway and the credits roll.  If I had never seen it I might have thought it just ended badly and never seen the end.  Why didn't they take out the credits and just recorded it as one movie as is done with so many mini-series put in DVD?  Never the less, I highly recommend this movie!!!
The scenery makes it worth the upgrade to Blu-ray.  Add that to a great plot, great cinematography, and award-winning acting, you get a movie that you might put in your personal 'top ten' list.  Yep, it's that good.
This movie was like old time hollywood.  Then they had class.  Today mostly junk.  I loved this movie. Robert Duvall and all were marvelous and as I watched this movie I was entranced.  Why did this not win an award?  Stupid hollywood. I hope more quality movies TV or other will be made.  But I doubt it.  Hooray for Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church.
It is always a pleasure to see a well-done western. Broken Trail adds to that genre with a tale about two cowboys delivering horses from Oregon to Wyoming and the troubles start when they rescue 5 Chinese girls that are destined to be sold as sex slaves. Robert Duvall is one of America's most memorable cowboys and he adds to his legend here, Thomas Haden Church is terrific as the laconic, no nonsense cowboy. The beautiful part about this original AMC is that though we've seen everything a Western could possibly offer, Broken Trail keeps surprising you and getting away from the expected formula. It has a rich storyline that keeps building and a nice balance between action, humor and on the edge of your seat expectations. But you don't need to be on the edge of your seat, sit back, kick your shoes off, pour yourself a cup of coffee and revel in a well told story.
The movie took me to another world. At the same time the actions scenes are fantastic. It is so emotional. Robert Duval is a great actor and he outperforms his role. I felt love and friendship when I was watching this movie. I bought this DVD and added it to my collection because I feel that I will be able to watch it time and time again. I strongly recommend it to anyone who likes westerns.
BROKEN TRAIL is a film that is similar to RED RIVER, one of the great classics of American cinema, which stars John Wayne and Montgomery Clift.  Both of the films concern drives of livestock across hundreds of miles in the American west.  In BROKEN TRAIL, the livestock are horses, and the trip is from Oregon to Wyoming, while in RED RIVER, the livestock are cattle, and the trip is from Texas to Kansas.  Having watched RED RIVER a few times, I was expecting some sort of tension or schism to occur among the cowboys in BROKEN TRAIL, but this never materialized in BROKEN TRAIL.  Perhaps, this sort of expectation made me more involved with or interested in BROKEN TRAIL.  BROKEN TRAIL requires watching two DVD discs, each about 90 minutes long.<br /><br />Here are the positive features of BROKEN TRAIL.  I was not able to detect any shortcomings:<br /><br />(1) The cinematography is a wonder to behold, treating the viewer to beautiful landscapes of river and distant mountain crags (Canadian Rockies near Calgary).  I was under the impression that Ansel Adams was hired as a photography consultant for this film.  Great photography does not occur by accident.  Wisdom in the framing, lighting, and so on, is evident in all of the landscape scenes.<br /><br />(2) This movie is configured for horse-lovers.  There are endless scenes of cowboys riding on individual horses, and of the swarming herd of horses being driven through the wilderness.  The horses come in various colors (they are not all brown).  The storyline does not give any personality to any particular horse.  In contrast, for example, in GULLIVER'S TRAVELS starring Ted Danson and Mary Steenbergen, the horses talk and express their opinions on the human social condition.<br /><br />(3) BROKEN TRAIL has a strong moral storyline, provided by the steadfast good-guy persona of each of the cowboys, and which contrasts with that of Big Rump Kate (the madame) and her cohort of killers.  The good cowboys include Robert Duvall and Thomas Church.  In fact, I bought this movie because I liked Thomas Church, in his portrayal of The Sandman in Spiderman-3.  To be brief, none of the cowboys shows any concupiscent inclinations towards the fugitive Chinese ladies.  Another moral aspect of the cowboys, is that they take care of an older Chinese man, for example, by using a simple surgical technique to stitch up a wound on his head, and afterwards smearing the repaired wound with grease, in order to prevent infestation by flies and bacteria.<br /><br />(4) The storyline of BROKEN TRAIL consists of the adventures encountered while driving the herd of horses eastwards for hundreds of miles.  At one point, they encounter a group of five young Chinese women who are being transported for "employment" by the madame, Big Rump Kate.  The cowboys rescue the the Chinese ladies, and bring them along with them as fugitives, preventing them from being claimed as property by the bad madame.  An undercurrent of tension is provided through much of the film, because the viewer knows that the henchmen of the bad madame are tracking the cowboys, in order to capture the Chinese ladies. Near the end, there is some comedy relief, when the cowboys are approached by fierce Indians demanding two horses as a price to pass through their land.  Towards the very end of the film, the henchmen catch up.  (But don't worry, I do not tell what happens next.)<br /><br />(5) The movie is suitable for children from the age 12 and up.  There are a few gunfights, and a few wounds.  (But there are no flying body parts, no curse words, and no exposed topless women.)<br /><br />(6) For your interest, here is a bio of the actress playing the oldest of the young Chinese ladies:<br />Gwendoline Yeo was born in Singapore.  She moved to California as a teenager, graduating with honors from St. Ignatius College Preparatory in 1994. Yeo received her BA from UCLA before the age of 20, graduating summa cum laude, as well as receiving a diploma piano from the San Francisco Conservatory of Music. She specialized in playing the Chinese instrument, guzheng, and she had a radio show on NPR-KCRW.  Ms.Yeo was crowned Miss Asian America in 1995 and named Miss Chinatown USA in 1998-1999. (Okay, okay, now we know what happens to over-achievers.  They become movie stars.)<br /><br />(7) For your interest, here is a bio of Thomas Church:  Mr.Church was born in Yolo, California, to an Army health care worker father and a telephone company sales rep mother. He was raised in Laredo, Texas, and graduated from high school in Harlingen, Texas, in 1979, going on to attend the University of North Texas.  Church was a radio personality. A part in an independent film convinced him to move to California to pursue acting. He played the role of airport mechanic Lowell Mather for six seasons on the NBC show Wings. He worked in television for two seasons. He had supporting roles in films such as Tombstone, George of the Jungle, and The Specials.
Honestly, Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church make this a four-star movie.  It's a classic western story, with clearly defined good guys and bad guys.  The character interaction is top-notch.  There's no multi-million dollar special effects, but the acting by all is rock solid.  Print Ritter (Duvall) and Tom Harte (Tomas Haden Church) unexpectedly become the guardians of five abused and abandoned Chinese girls in the midst of their horse drive.
FINALLY!!! I love American Westerns.  I love US History, Native Americans, horses and adventures.  I grew up thinking "Why can't Chinese people have significant leading roles in the Westerns?" Were we not a part of the American history??? Railroad anyone? California Gold Rush? This is better than my wildest dreams!  5 Chinese girls in leading, respectable, roles in a Western!!!  I am so happy! Thomas Haden Church is so hot because of this role!<br /><br />Everyone!!!  Go watch it!
Both Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church excel and head a marvelous cast in this gripping western that is filled with amazingly beautiful images of the American Northwest.  About 3 hours long, but it seems much less.  I wanted it to go on and on.  Two men with a plan for the future discover just how many curves fate can throw in their direction, and they adapt wonderfully.  This is a western that your wife will enjoy as well as yourself;  sometimes the heartstrings are being pulled as well as the triggers.  The images on Blu-Ray are outstanding.
This is one of the most beautifully filmed and moving stories of all time.Blu-ray only makes it even more beautiful to behold.Both Duvall and Church are superb in their portrayals of cowboys with hearts.This BD belongs in every man's library.
The film opens in Chinatown San Francisco, 1898 where we five exotic virgins from the Celestial Empire are bought by Captain Billy Fender (James Russo) to be sold as slaves and introduced into the brief and violent life of prostitution...<br /><br />Robert Duvall stars as "Print" Ritter, an old cowhand whose sister left a will inheriting all to him rather than to her own son, Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church) who lives in John Day Country Oregon...<br /><br />Print ignores why she has done it, or why was crossed between the two, but his sister done it...<br /><br />Print got the idea to buy a team of tough, high-desert mustangs--three to eight years of age--to take them to Sheridan, Wyoming to sell to the British Empire; the money they'll earn will be to increase their capital... And on the shares, Print figures a 25-75 split on profits after expenses and loan repayment to the bank...<br /><br />From this point, Hill's Western becomes a road movie, with all kinds of odd characters, from ugly villains to a friendly musician, but the key to "Broken Trail" is that through a series of circumstances, fate has placed the five Chinese innocent girls in the hands of Tom and his uncle... But the reality is another... Their families sold them to that rat captain heading out to the mining camp, where Kate, an odious saloon owner, bought them from an associate in San Francisco...<br /><br />Our two cowboys save the girls' lives from rape and take them along on their journey...<br /><br />With great photography, gorgeous vistas, perilous ground, sensible brave girls, good and decidedly courageous men, great action when it is necessary, and a big confrontation at the climax of the movie, Hill's Western is a must see film for the fans of the genre...
I am a real western fan and I loved this movie.  It is more family oriented than most and Robert Duval does a wonderful job as usual, acting as a "good man" when it comes to all these women he seemingly inherits.  He does the right thing, all the way through.  Recommended!!
This was a spendidly made movie. It was like "watching" a beautiful poem or a "moving" oil landscape. I was mesmerised.<br /><br />As always, Robert Duvall gave a wonderful performance. He is such a multi talented actor, but the western is his forte. From Lonesome Dove, Tender Mercies, Open Range and now Broken Trail. It is his show!<br /><br />It was my first time to see Thomas Haden Church, and he was equally as wonderful. His understated performance had me from the time he came onto the screen. Never trying to compete with or out do Mr Duvall, he held his own . . .<br /><br />I understand their maybe a sequel with Mr Church. I am anxiously anticipating another beautiful movie, only missing Mr Duvall. . .maybe he is just making another great western somewhere. . .One can only hope!
This movie is terrific. A stark look into the old west and how the bad people treated the less fortunate and the good people who had higher moral values. Great job by Robert Duvall and Tom Church.
Broken trail is the stage upon which Robert Duval crafts his latest character development - an aging, wise, Western character. He originated it in Tender Mercies, built upon it in Lonesome Dove, expanded it in Open Range, and peaked it in Broken Trail. Gone are the Godfather and Apocolypse Now and other characters he developed. In Broken Trail, his craft is at a high point. He is again tough as a trail boss, cranky but loving with his nephew, and soft with the Chinese girls and women. John Wayne tailored his later career in much the same way - True Grit, The Shooter, etc., but Robert Duval is doing it better.
In the beginning I was surprised to see what tragic things that those chinese girls went through.Then you are swept away by the changes that Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church undertake with the girls.At first they, are very serious,hard men, but then little by little they start to soften up.Then surprisingly some of the characters fall in love but, it does not emphasize on it. The senery is absolutely beautiful and breathtaking.I also really enjoyed the music.Not only is Broken Trail a very good movie but, also a very good a good story.
I love westerns, and this one ranks as one of the greatest of all times. Much superior to the over-rated Lonesome Dove. If I could give this 10 stars, I would!!
I thoroughly enjoyed watching `Broken Trail' and after viewing westerns for over five decades I would now rank this movie as my favourite. It is superb in all respects. The landscapes are spectacular, the acting brilliant, the action at times breathtaking and a storyline that readily elicits, in the viewer, a full range of emotions.<br /><br />The Blu-ray version does great justice to the movie. The colour, the sound and the sharpness of each frame make this movie a true high definition experience.<br /><br />The credits at the end of the movie indicated that the story was based on true events and this surprise, without forewarning, acted like the icing on an already delicious slice of cake. It's a movie that I will watch over and over again.
While you might not know it reading my reviews here at Amazon, I'm big on Western movies. When I saw Broken Trail and read the description of the movie, I decided to give this one a shot and, by gum, it turned out to be a good one.<br /><br />Broken Trail tells the story of Print Ritter (Academy Award winner Robert Duvall) and his nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church, Spider-Man 3) agree to deliver a herd of 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming. Along the way, they come across five abused chinese women who are being transported to a brothel to have their virginity auctioned off. Their lives become intertwined and that's where this saga begins.<br /><br />Director Walter Hill did an admirable job making the movie. The movie has you, actually, believing that it is taking place during the 1800s. Things are accurate for the time in everyway and that's what I like most about the movie.Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church do superb performances as Uncle and Nephew.
I have written before on many westerns. And I have written before on one of the entries in Robert Duvall&iexcl;s Trilogy (Open Range). His Trilogy includes Lonesome Dove, Broken Trail and Open Range. I return with a review of a second movie from that Trilogy: Broken Trail.<br /><br />This is a superb movie.<br />1. It is a story of ugliness (the sale of five teen age Chinese girls to a madam at a mining camp in Idaho).<br /><br />2. It is a picture of the incredible natural beauty (a herd of many horses on the range in the Canadian Rockies C simulating the mountains in Oregon, Idaho and Montana).<br /><br />3. It is the story of Print Ritter (Robert Duvall) and his nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church)   planning to move500 horses to Montana for sale to an agent of the British Government.<br /><br />4. More ugliness emerges as the &iexcl;slaver&iexcl;, who has been hired to move these girls, runs into Ritter, Harte and the horses. They agree to join up, but this &iexcl;slaver&iexcl; secretly dopes some wine he has brought along. He steals there money and one of the girls and takes off, and soon rapes this child.. Ultimately Ritter and Harte wake up, and Harte decides to pursue this &iexcl;slaver.&iexcl; When he catches up, he gets the jump on him and soon hangs him. A bit later, this girl essentially commits suicide by falling out of their wagon into the path of several rapidly moving horses. Even later another girl comes down with a fever and soon passes away too.<br /><br />5. Still more ugliness emerges as they head north. Ritter seeks a town, with some &iexcl;civil authority&iexcl;, where he can turn in the girls. The town he picks turns out to be the worst one possible, as it is the site of the mining camp and the home of the madam &iexcl;Big Rump Kate.&iexcl; Harte and another member of their group barely escape, but pick up two other victims: a large middle aged Chinaman, Lung Hay (Donald Fong) and a small, and still pretty women in her thirties, Mrs Nola Johns (Greta Scacchi), who had been forced into prostitution when her husband died.<br /><br />6. It is a picture of the incredible human beauty as Harte ultimately falls in love with the oldest Chinese gal, Sun Foy (Gwendoline Yeo) and Nola with Print Ritter. He is very fond of Nola, but sees himself as too old, but when they both are &iexcl;gone&iexcl; they are buried side by side.<br /><br />7. There is still more ugliness in this movie near the end, but Ritter and Harte survive, and their horse venture turns out to be a huge success. However, it is far better to see the remaining three Chinese ladies, make that twoas Yeo backs away from a trip to San Francisco, confident that something permanent will work out with Hartehead west on the stagecoach, all dressed up as young ladies should be, along with Nola and Lung Hay.
Robert Duvall rounds off his Western trilogy (Lonesome Dove, Open Range) in much the same way he started it... laidback on the outside and full of homespun wisdom, (Don't measure your wealth by how much money you have, son) but tough as nails when you get him riled.  However, Broken Trail should not be considered as an also-ran, coasting in the coattails of its obvious and considerable predecessor.  It certainly does owe much to Lonesome Dove, as the two men seek to herd 500 horses across the country to earn enough money to own their own land, all the while learning more about themselves and each other along the way.  However, this certainly has enough of its own style with Walter Hill back on great form (welcome back, Walter, it's been a while...), and the two leads Duvall and Thomas Hayden Church simply outstanding, to make this solid, entertaining, educational and moving in it's own right.<br />The twist in this movie, is that along the way, they take in 5 innocent but abused Chinese women who have been at the mercy of a low life trafficker (yes, it's actually a chattel drive), thus reflecting the actual historical problem of the time, whereby Chinese daughters were sold into slavery and prostitution in the US.  Their new wards bring the two upright but gritty men into contact with horse thieves, gunslingers, brothel keepers and even the proverbial hooker with a heart of gold as their horse drive becomes altogether more dangerous and eventful than they had anticipated.  And yet, while including all these mores of the genre the movie has such an intenseness and realism, that the characters never feel like story conveniences or clich&eacute;s. Hill directed the pilot episode of Deadwood, which shows here in the gritty style, the unflinching look at the griminess and harshness of the time, and the harshness of the language, and yes, even the sparseness of the scenery.  The violence is not dwelt on however - indeed, in many cases the coup de grce is delivered off screen, and by the end of the movie you have actually seen a lot less violence than you might expect.  In fact, the very sparseness of the script and the corollary of this seen in the seemingly endless fields, with breathtaking mountains of the Rockies in the background (it was shot in Canada) and often photographed through a snowy haze as the cowboys hunker down for the long slog, actually make the movie all the more memorable and yes, beautiful in its own way.<br />Bleak and harsh, and yet full of warmth and humanity, and a story where people matter in an era when there was plenty of hard times and hard people to dehumanize life, make this a quietly enthralling movie, full of unexpected moments.  Criticized by some for its running time, I reveled in the leisurely pace which allowed time to relish the scenery and enjoy the pauses in the conversation.  Highly recommended: it's easy to see why it won all the Emmys.
I gave this is a gift and them loved it, told me it's a really good movie and can see themselves watching it many times in the future
Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church make an excellent combination in this Old West seting. Great story line with excellent acting. If you like westerns, you will love this.
I never get tried of watching Robert Duvall movies.  His sense of fairness and compassion comes across in every part he plays.  Thomas Haden Chruch's performance in this movie made me like him a little more.
I have seen a lot of westerns and this one is right up there with acting, authenticity and western feel.<br />Action and beauty, along with the great camera work, capture the true west. I know...I was raised in Wyoming and Colorado,<br />branding, driving horses, cattle and even sheep(which was usually done by the Basks...as the movie depicts...and living the cowboy (not citified urban) life. It wasn't easy, but they were the best lessons I've ever had.<br />This movie touches on sooo many of the real situations, type of talk and attitude that was prevelent at that era. Don't miss the chance to take some quality time and let yourself ride in this wonderful film. Robert Duval and the complete cast is magnificant....Happy Trails To You, Pardner!...enjoy "Broken Trail"
I picked this up as part of a buy up of cheap BD titles on Amazon that had semi-reasonable reviews and proper HD audio tracks (this show having not screened here in New Zealand previously)... Very impressed for a 2-part TV mini-series... Both Robert Duvall & Thomas Haden Church really seemed into their roles and bought a believability to their characters of two (rare) decent humanitarian frontiersmen (Uncle & Nephew), who still aren't perfect, and (as a result of their lives on the frontier) are still prepared to kill when there is no other option. Set at the very end of the Old West era (1898 - typically the massacre at Wounded Knee in 1890 is often considered the official end of the Old West as it was the end of the plains wars with the Native American Indians, but some areas remained unchanged right into the 20th Century), it starts in Oregon and heads north & east through the last untamed area of America at the time and eventually into Wyoming, as Duvall & Haden Church drive a herd of horses to market to make their stake money to buy ranches/land and start new lives...<br /><br />This is a good solid western, with a strong humanitarian story, and a reasonable amount of harshness and bad luck as well. Duvall & Haden Church face numerous challenges, ethical dilemmas, and life threatening dangers during their journey and for a TV Mini-Series I think this is presented very well and keeps the story moving from one event to another without being unduly hasty... There is also some excellent (dare I say sumptuous) scenes of, well, scenery! The Blu-ray image quality seems very good, and several scenes made me want to start planning a trip to the US just to go up to the North West & Canada to see it for real (most of the movie is filmed in Canada I believe).<br /><br />Highly recommended for anyone who is a Western Fan or such like... I bought this on a punt (i.e. knew nothing about it except what was on Amazon website) and am really pleased with the buy - will definitely watch it a few more times over the next few years... I didn't even realise how many awards it won or got nominated for, until after I had purchased and watched it!<br /><br />Based on true events too, apparently...
I have been buying from Amazon now for 2 years and they have never been late on a promised delivery time.  Now that I am buying Blu-Ray DVDs, Amazon is the only way to go.  If you buy 3, you can save enough on one movie to pay to for shipping, so you get 3 for the price of 2 at Wal-Mart or Best Buy.  Also, you can't find this title locally.  This is a under-rated gem of a film.  Reference quality transfer with just a few specks.  9 out of a 10.  Very good picture quality, even in the low light and night shots.  Excellent story and character development.  Audio doesn't use the rear surround speakers much though, about the only knock against this film.  Audio on the front is very good with dialog always easy to hear.  This is a definite buy on Blu-Ray if you like westerns.
Great Western, highly recommend. Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church both did a great job with this movie.  It had a nice switch with it dealing with them driving horses and come across 5 Chinese girls that they save from being sold into prostitution and many adventures along the journey.
After all the westerns ever made, you'd think that they'd run out of good ideas after a while. But "Broken Trail" proves that there is still life, and fresh blood, to be seen in THE American film genre. The three-hour film finds an uncle and nephew running a herd of horses to Wyoming, and unexpectedly become guardians of five Oriental women meant to become prostitutes. The journey that they all take together is a truly fascinating one, which has never been covered in this genre before.<br />While the storytelling and cinematography are great, the two highlights are the casting and the music. Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church are fantastic as the two male leads, and well-deserved the Emmys they won for their roles. The strong supporting cast, of which there are too many to name here, do fantastic as well. The score by David Mansfield and Van Dyke Parks is truly memorable, and adds to the strengths of this epic piece.<br />As a fan of the western, I truly enjoyed "Broken Trail." If you enjoy this genre, and the acting talents of Duvall and Haden Church, then you'll enjoy it as well.<br />Movie/DVD Grade: A
This is wonderful movie where the cast fits "hand in glove."  Words cannot describe how uplifting, heartwarming and refreshing it is to see a movie that focuses on compassion and care for others such as this, rather than the ad nauseum sagas of the self-centered, surgically "beautified" celebrities of today.  Robert Duvall has starred in many movies that depict real people in realistic life situations, always with a villain we "love to hate." MORE PLEASE!  M.L. Paxton
What a pairing-Robert Duvall and Thomas Haden Church.  This was an example of intelligent movie making.  So realistic.  Moments of violence and tenderness were indicative of the many contrasts in this movie.  To have the Chinese females as central to the journey was realistic and clever.  After watching this movie many times I regained my faith in the movie making industry.
Duvall is king, for a western actor. Very well done movie if you like the westerns like I do. Worth a view you wont be sorry for the time spent.
I'm a big western movie fan and have not seen a western of this caliber for some time. This movie winds up the Robert Duval westerns that started with Lonesome Dove. Thomas Haden Church did a great job of being a convincing good guy with a rough edge and spirit. The movie itself has a new spin with the introduction of the story of the injustices that were suffered by illegal Chinese immigrants during the time period depicted in the movie. Gwendoline Yeo plays the leader of a group of young ladies smuggled into the country that are sold into slavery for the purpose of prostitution. The good guys save them from the bad guys just like in the old westerns of years ago. Thought prevoking good entertainment!
Broken Trail is a wonderful movie.  Robert Duval and Thomas Haden Church are brilliantly cast as the main characters.  The scenery is beautiful and very picturesque.  I've watched this movie time and time again it is so entertaining and the ending is perfect.  Wish Robert Duval and Thomas Haden Church would pair up in another western.  They were terrific!
This is a great move. It is an honest rendention of life during this time frame. The charactors are not heros but down to earth people doing what they know is right and just. I highly recommend this move for all family members to watch together.
I don't care about some western movies, but htis one was excellent to me it is a western with a little drama
I loved this movie, as did my husband. I think Robert Duvall is a great actor and there was a lot of feeling in this movie. You can bet we will be watching this movie many more times.
If you love Robert Duvall's westerns, you'll want to own a copy of this classic. Makes one wonder why the major studios can turn out so much chaff, then this indy production (read Duvall production) for AMC trumps so many others. But that was how Lonesome Dove came to be as well. OK, this doesn't have Tommy Lee Jones, Danny Glover or Anjelica Houston, but this sharp Canadian job nails the plot, acting and overall production very very well.<br /><br />Enjoy it, we did!
As usual Duval was superb,as was the rest of the cast.I felt I was there.It gave me the sense of the time and space of those early days of the west.A sad story in many ways,but beautifully told, and directed.The scenery was as only the west can be, magnificent! I will watch it many times with great affection.5 stars of course.  M.P. Ormsby. Wollongong.Australia.
Not quite Lonesome Dove but up there with Open Range as a good yarn, splendid scenery and a usual excellent performance by Robert Duvall. Hayn Church aint bad either. It's no run of the mill western as it has a reasonable story line. Good supporting cast makes it a cut above the ordinary. If you like Duvall and you like westerns then Broken Trail is right up your street.
ASIN:B000GFRI4K Broken Trail<br /><br />As usual, with respect to Duvall films this is a great one....It starts out in a beautiful setting and only gets better....It takes place around the turn of the last century....Mr Haden-Church (from TV's Wings) also demonstrated he can also play a serious role when needed....<br /><br />I highly recommend this film....It hits upon the the subject of bigotry, which was so prevelent in that period of US history....It may be suited for the entire family, but only with adult supervision....It contains adult language, adult content, and violence....<br /><br />ENJOY, I did.....
A really enjoyable movie in the same vein as Lonesome Dove, great outdors effects and stunning scenery, the acting is first class, excellent story line, very authentic attention to detail, and to cap it all off an outstanding performance from Robert Duval and all the actors in the movie. All the ingrients of a first class western, certainly gets my vote.
Robert Duvall knows exactly what he's doing in these two films (Broken Trail and Open Range).  Beautiful scenery that is reminiscent of the "Old West" is supplemented with a basic story-line that shows the intracasies of life on the "open range".  Duvall knows how to act and authenticate his role, especially in "westerns." He IS a cowboy, rancher, businessman and man with a "heart" in his role.<br /><br />The surround sound is magnificent, complete with peals of thunder and the crack of lightning, blasting from separate speakers (if your system is set up correctly). The crack of the pistols and rifles and thundering hoofs of the horses is realistically passed through the audio track(s) of these movies.<br /><br />If you love "westerns", the way they SHOULD be, make these two films part of your collection.  Your grandkids will love you for it!
Robert Duvall can gallop into a western without much in the way of preparation, such is his natural affinity for the genre.  Not surprisingly, he delivers yet another convincing and satisfying performance as the uncle who inherits his sister's estate and then strikes a deal with his nephew to set things right.  It's not the typical conflict of western epics, but good enough to set the story in motion and bring it to an odd but worthy conclusion.  Thomas Haden Church as the rejected son is the real surprise in Broken Trail.  While his character is low key, the honesty and humor Church delivers is far from it.  In every scene he persuasively portrays a man who responds to his situation with quiet strength and pragmatic acceptance of the outcome.<br />Beyond stellar performances, the film offers great production which includes beautiful scenery and attention to detail.  There are moments when the story seems to noticably slow down, but this strikes me as purposeful.  The scenes in between story movement are what give it depth, and contrast the ugliness of human subjugation with the gorgeous landscape in which it takes place.  This is a rare film that stands up to many repeated viewings without ever becoming stale.
Wonderful Movie. Great acting, great plot. This was a gift for my husband and we both really enjoyed the movie. Robert Duvall is one of his favorite actors and this was a superb performance. We both enjoy westerns. This movie did have some foul language, crusty old men type, but not an overabundance of foul language; we did however watch in using the Guardian.
It's not rated but it's not for young kids because of some brief nudity. A big part of the movie is forced prostitution. There's also intense violence. I really wish my sons could watch this because the story is GREAT. Some hardened cowboys come across some utterly helpless young ladies and do whatever it takes to take care of them. This is classic, perfect Robert Duvall. It's gritty and completely realistic. The rest of the cast is good too.
Good story, terrific script.  Well cast - everyone is really good.
I was so happy to see this story again and what made it even better was the dvds were in great shape! No skipping, no scratches, no damages what-so-ever.
An excellent movie with gritty characters.  The action is raw, matter-of fact, sometimes violent. But that's the way life is. The scenery is great. Broken Trail is a long two part made for TV movie so don't get confused when you see the credits rolling half way through.  Just hit the can and when you come back part 2 should be playing. If you like watching horses this is a good movie.
A very touching, often profound, tale.<br />Robert Duvall has been simply outstanding. And Ah! The landscape made me feel leave everything behind and pick up the trail, sit by a campfire, and talk to the stars.<br />You will like it; a western film with so much humanity is rare. Most western films touch or have touched some mythical need--hero, savior etc. This one does something different--as if it tried to touch the time in tries to portray, necessary ruggedness does not loose the fact that deep down, undercurrent of emotion, tenderness still flows.<br />Good show. Watch it.
I thoroughly enjoyed the humanity that the story conveyed which was so weel put across by ALL the actors and actresses. Duvall is tops, Haden-Church very good and the chinese ladies were wonderful. The shots of the mountains and general country scenes were uplifting. A great movie I will treasure.
I haven't seen this DVD, but I saw the mini-series when it was broadcast and agree with all the positive comments -- including that it is better than the more famous Lonesome Dove.  One thing I haven't seen mentioned here is that it gets my vote in Movie FanFare's recent "What's the all-time best movie shootout?" poll.  I hit rewind on my DVR about four times just for the pleasure of watching the shootout sequence over again -- by itself that sequence elevates this to Western Classic status. Splendidly done!
received movie broken trail in very prompted time and was in very good shape, made a nice add to my movie collection
My complaints about "modern" western movies is that they often have no heart and I often stop watching before they end. Broken Trail was done as a television mini-series and has plenty of heart and soul and I've watched it through to the end many times. The breath-taking cinematography, the hard-hitting action and the heart-warming characters make this movie experience seem much shorter to me than the actual 3 hours.  The one minor problem I have is with one reference by Ritter to the Rosetta Stone..and I have my doubts that a poorly educated cowboy of that era would have ever heard of the Rosetta Stone....but that is just my problem with this otherwise wonderful and believable story.<br />  I liked Lonesome Dove as well as Open Range, but Broken Trail is my favorite of all Robert Duvall's masterful western character interpretations. Print Ritter (Robert Duvall) and nephew Tom Harte (Thomas Haden Church) agree to deliver a herd of 500 horses from Oregon to Wyoming and manage to adopt a small herd of needy people along the way. The interaction between the two stoic cowboys (I also loved Church's character interpretation as the unappreciated but worthy nephew) and five abused Chinese women plus one abused white prostitute grows as the movie progresses. If I had written the story I would have given it a happier ending...but perhaps the continued tugs at the heart strings simply add to this movie.
I love Robert Duvall, and believe that the only actor who does cowboys better is John Wayne - but that is probably generational.  This is a two bags of popcorn movie.
`Broken Trail, ` brainchild of Walter Hill, is an old-fashion western, the good guys win out in the end albeit not without a close call.  The white-hatters in this film---played by the amazing Robert Duvall and relative newcomer, Thomas Hayden Church---prove their rough-hewn goodness by rescuing a wagonload of Chinese girls bound for a life of degradation in the mining camps of Nevada.<br /><br />What gives this film a refreshing twist is its portrayal of frontier women, especially that of prostitutes.  Moreover, the plight of Asian-American women on the frontier is a story rarely told.  During the Gold Rush years, many young Chinese girls were sold into veritable slavery by their impoverished families.  Sent to the new world, such unfortunates were sold into mining camp bordellos where a short and humiliating life awaited them.<br /><br />The portrayal of the frontier prostitute in this film differs greatly from the romanticized image of bon-vivant dance-hall girls.  `Broken Trail` captures the desperate existences and untimely deaths of these `soiled doves. ` Rusty Schimmer`s portrayal of the cynical, hard-hearted madam, Kate `Big Rump` Becker is pitch perfect.  Her selfish malevolence knows no bounds as she hires a cruel whore-beater, `Big Ears` (Chris Mulkey), to find her girls at any price.<br /><br />Duvall`s character, Print Ritter, enlists the help of his nephew, Tom (Church), in herding mustangs from Oregon to Wyoming.  Along the way, they rescue four Chinese girls from their vile enslaver, not sure what to do next.  Reaching town, they look to relinquish their human cargo.  Yet, they soon change their minds.  Realizing what awaits the girls, they pack out quick, girls in tow, along with another `lady of the evening` seeking refuge from despair.  Nola Johns, (Greta Saachi in a very believable performance) soon catches the eye of the crusty old salt, Print.  Despite his definite attraction to Nola, Print proves to be an awkward suitor.  Duvall gives a complexity to Print, revealing a wounded heart, a broken past, and a shy exasperation with women in general.<br /><br />`Broken Trail` upholds certain Western stereotypes while upending others.  Yes, there`s the obligatory shoot-out at the end, mercifully short, but well-done.  And yes, Print does ride off into the sunset, alone.  Yet, Tom shows a new side of the cowboy archetype.  He and one of the girls, Sun Foy (Gwendoline Yeo), finally admit their long-denied mutual attraction and ride off together.<br /><br />Based on a true story, `Broken Trail` entertains and edifies like a good western should.  Evil is vanquished (with some difficulty) and we are reassured of our innate goodness.  More than anything, the film gives voice and presence to those previously absent in most westerns, primarily women and Asian-American women in particular.  With its gritty portrayal of what women really endured on the frontier, `Broken Trail` is a must see.
To begin with, you can't go wrong with Duvall and Church together in a western. This movie has it all. Must see and worth buying.
Another great job by Duvall and Church.  Unique story line and for once a decent ending.  Overall, a really awesome western.
Broken Trail is now one of my favorit movies. I loved the scenery shown of America's west.<br /> The story is a good one about a man and his nephew who while on their way to sell horses they round up from the wild for the Canadian army, they incounter and rescue a group of young girls from China who had been unknowingly sold into prostituion to a mining camp Madam & her coherts.
Great cast, good story and great photography make for a winning combination.  Duval is great as usual but so is the rest of the cast, much better than most TV westerns and well worth the time.
Duvall at his best with a great performance by church.  Great acting all around with a superb story line that "keep your attention".  Beautiful western scenery with a good solid positive ending.  Good video and sound.  One of the best recent western. Entertaiing and satisfying.
Just finished watching this superb movie last night, and (like a kid), I'm tempted to watch it again! But I'll wait- so that I can enjoy it more, since I'm not a kid!<br />  This is a great adventure in the "real", earthy, tough, no-holds-barred, sometimes bloody way, not unlike "The Culpepper Cattle Co.", another great fairly recent depiction of the Wild West. In my opinion, this is far more enjoyable than movies like "Unforgiven" and "The Wild Bunch" for it's story.  The story is touching, exciting, suspenseful, and sometimes humourous- in other words, everything you would expect from a great movie! And, it certainly helps to have fine acting, great cinematography, sound, and amazingly beautiful scenery. I'll not try to tell the story- I'm sure other reviewers have. But I think you'll enjoy this movie even more if you stop reading reviews all the way that attempt to describe the entire movie from start to finish, even giving away the ending! (Why the hell do people do that, anyway?!)<br />  Anyway, for a special treat, (if you're in to the occasional "marathon" type movie night), try watching this back to back with "The Culpepper Cattle Co." Either way, enjoy!
This is just a great movie. Mr. Duvall and Thomas Church are just plain excellant in this movie.  Your "cowboy" good over evil.  A cowboy does the right thing.  You won't be roped on this one.  Buy it, I'm glad I did.
I tell ya, Robert Duvall can just climb on a horse (rather tenderly these days, mind you) and you've suddenly got an outstanding Western.  And the AMC cable channel is very well known for its groundbreaking television.  Combine the two, and the happy result is BROKEN TRAIL, a movie with the central, tried-and-true theme that blood is thicker than water, as an aging rancher (Duvall, playing crusty old Print Ritter) and his estranged, moody nephew (Thomas Haden Church as Tom Harte) drive a herd of horses from Oregon to Wyoming (meaning prepare yourself for some breathtaking vistas).  Along the way, they seem to attract plenty of strays, from an adventure-seeking Virginian, to five Chinese girls in constant peril, to a solemn Chinaman, to one soiled dove with a heart of gold.  Also along the way, the two men connect, bond--and not just with each other.<br /><br />One aspect that did (somewhat) disappoint me is the incontrovertible fact Duvall does, basically, reprise his most famous role; in short, his Ritter is <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0018PH3L0">Augustus McCrae</a>, some twenty years later.  The mannerisms, the delivery, the wit and humor, the gritty determination--this is McCrae all over again.  Which isn't a negative in its own light, as I cherish that character, but I was disappointed that Duvall doesn't bring anything new to this most interesting role.  As for his counterpart, Church is more than solid as the brooding nephew who learns a thing or two about his family, his background, his uncle--even falling in love.<br /><br />The rest of the cast is stellar, including Scott Cooper as the happy-go-lucky Virginian, a menacing Chris Mulkey playing villain Big Ears, Rusty Schwimmer as a shrill, petulant madam (properly named Big Rump Kate), and Greta Scacchi as the ex-prostitute who discovers she harbors more than platonic feelings for Ritter.  The five Chinese young ladies are all exquisitely beautiful, headlined by Gwendoline Yeo as Number 3 (to remember them, Ritter gives each of them a number), who becomes Harte's love interest, and who easily delivers the film's most poignant, compelling scene towards the end.  At four hours, BROKEN TRAIL does at times bog down and meander, but for the most part this is a Western with an authentic look and feel, tender yet harsh, tragic and humorous.  Well worth pulling up a rocking chair.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
EVERY WESTERN WITH ROBERT IN IS BOND TO BE GREAT. HE IS ONE OF THE LAST EXCELLENT ACTORS LEFT. ACTORS WHO CAN PLAY A ROLL WITH SUCH REALISM IS RARE. I WISH HE'D LIVE FOREVER. I MISS JOHN WAYNE AND STEVEN MCQUEEN AND THEIR KIND!
I borrowed "Broken Trail" from my brother. I watched the first disc and couldn't wait to see the second half. Then I cracked the disc while pulling it out of the case. Oh no!<br /><br />Rules of borrowing: "If you borrow and break it, you must replace it."<br /><br />I went to Amazon.com and 3 days later I had the second half. The movie case and discs were good as new. The movie was great. The service was great. What a bargain!
The movie was excellent.  I bought it because none of the rental copies were in good shape<br />and we couldn't watch the whole movie.  When I got my movie from Amazon the beginning of the<br />movie was not in good shape but once we got past the first few glitches it was fine.<br /><br />Barbara Pryor
I loved this movie almost as much as Lonesome Dove.  Robert Duvall is excellent, as always. Supporting cast are all very good. Not your average "western". I would recommend this movie to anyone who cares for the genre.  I vote it a "must watch" film.
