The DVD of Ron's Howard's Oscar winner about troubled math genius John Nash tops the theatrical experience, despite some technical flaws. The video looks handsome in its scenes of Eastern academia, fall colors warm but a bit flat at times. The nightmarish cold war scenes impart a definite chill with midnight-rendezvous blacks and cobalt blues. True flesh tones help sell Greg Cannom's often terrific makeup work. <p>James Horner's swirling, math-inspired music sinks deep subwoofer roots via the Dolby Digital. The dialogue sounds muffled at times. Star Russell Crowe, in particular, seems to swallow more than a few lines, but it sounds like a mix or production issue. The problem can be mitigated by hiking your center speaker volume -- a fix that's a [bad] throwback to the early days of the DVD format. On Howard's commentary, the review disc's center track took a sudden leap in volume (at 1:49). Surround was OK but not much of a factor.<p> In his commentary, Howard does not address the various controversies surrounding "A Beautiful Mind" and its many fictions, but he shares some of the internal debates over the film's tricky "delusional" scenes. He points out clues planted along the way for those working on the movie's mysteries, "wondering if we were going to get caught." While Howard works hard at being a good host, his understated commentary does become hard to sit through as the movie passes two hours. Screenwriter Akiva Goldsman, whose adaptation won the Oscar, seems more at home with the commentary process. He does, however, repeat many of Howard's observations. The special features include some interesting shots of Crowe and Nash on the set, looking like bookends of a life. The section on makeup (the characters age a half century) is fascinating.
What an absolute EXCELLENT movie in every sense of the word. I've never seen Russell Crowe perform as powerfully as he did in this film. I'd heard this was a good movie, but when I saw it, I didn't much know what it was about. I think mental illness is something we don't think about much, unless it affects us or someone close to us. This is an amazing story of one man's experience with mental illness --- a very real (and inescapable) presence in his life despite his genious. He is sheltered and supported by the love of an AMAZING wife as he learns to cope with how his illness has devastated his life and his dreams.  It's not a &quot;mushy&quot; film, so don't be afraid to watch it on that basis.  It's very real and touching, but it doesn't &quot;gush&quot; and I appreciated that.  This is a movie that can educate you, entertain you, make you feel compassion for those with mental illness. If you take it for what it's worth, it may even mature you.  I highly recommend it.
As much as I love Denzel Washington (who, incidentally, was totally robbed of the Best Actor Oscar he deserved for Hurricane), Russell Crowe's performance here was phenomenal (much better than his performance in Gladiator, because this was a much more difficult role to play).  I don't know about any &quot;racial politics&quot; (I think the previous reviewer is a little confused there), but it's obvious that Russell has ticked off someone at the Academy, and therefore was robbed of the Oscar.<p>A Beautiful Mind is based on the life of John Nash, a brilliant man who, at length, outsmarts his psychological illness.  <p>Describing this movie is difficult without giving anything away...  Beautiful Mind takes the viewer on a journey, and just when you are sure you know where you are going, you discover that you had never really left in the first place.  <p>A most amazing movie with twists and turns that rival The Firm and Sixth Sense.  Best picture of the year.
A Beautiful Mind is far from a great film. But is it Oscar worthy? You bet.<br />  Russell Crowe plays John Nash, a genius mathematician whose mission is to find a "truly original" idea. He does, and eventually wins a Nobel Prize for it. However, the road to winning the Nobel is bumpy and he is forced to battle several real and imagined demons along the way; schizophrenia being one of them.<br />  In Princeton his fellow students aren't very fond of him. Nash is a recluse who lives most of his life alone, a man plagued with "two helpings of brain and half a helping of heart."<br />  The acting in this film is simply phenomenal. Most actors covet the role of a madman. They can exaggerate their body language, run around naked, talk in weird tones, and generally have a ball. Sometimes they even get awards for it, like Geoffrey Rush in Shine or Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man.<br />  Crowe is too smart of an actor to fall into this trap. He portrays schizophrenia for what it is: a horrible disease. His acting is extremely subtle. It's often difficult to differentiate between moments of insanity and Nash's genuine genius.<br />  Jennifer Connelly plays Nash's wife Alicia. After her unforgettable performance in Requiem For A Dream, she too, does an excellent job of expressing Alicia's strength as well as her vulnerability.<br />  While the story is ultimately Nash's, Connelly doesn't allow the Alicia to be just "there." Instead, the viewer is allowed to understand Alicia's dramatic influence on Nash.<br />  And, oddly enough, the pairing of Ron Howard, a director widely known for sugarcoating even the darkest material, working with Russell Crowe, an actor known for collaborating with directors who portray the harsh realities of the world seemed strange at first.<br />  For the most part, A Beautiful Mind works very well. There's a "twist" in the middle of the film that renews the viewers interest, and forces the viewer to question everything they learned about Nash.<br />  Unfortunately the third act prevents the movie from becoming great. Howard takes the easy route and succumbs to the typical Hollywood formula. Instead exposing the real outcomes of Nash's life (for example he later divorced Alicia), Howard simply tells a story that's been done to death: love overcoming all obstacles.
Many people have complained that "A Beautiful Mind" isn't an accurate portrayal of schizophrenia - and, as far as I know, it isn't. Since I've never experienced it I wouldn't know what schizophrenic delusions DO look like, but if the movie accurately depicted them, average moviegoers would not want to watch it. This movie wasn't meant to be an informative drama about mental illnesses, it was just meant to be a MOVIE. Watched with this in mind, "A Beautiful Mind" is excellent, kept moving with the captivating acting, storyline, cinematography and music.
Perhaps one of the best movies so far this year. I'm still under deep impression from it. Definetily worth a spot in your DVD home collection.
This movie has a little bit of everything- creativity, romance, a love that truly is for better or for worse, suspense, action, and taste. I have to admit- before this movie, I was never really a Russell Crowe fan, due in part to his reputation for being arrogant and obnoxious. I really went to see the movie because Jennifer Connelly and I are the same age and I grew up seeing her face in Sears' catalogs, never having seen any of her acting performances. But when I saw Russell and the enormity of acting talent he put forth in this movie, I was completely blown away. How wrong I was for opinionating myself and using my opinion to decide whether or not I would see any of his movies. This movie impressed me so much that I went out and rented all the Russell Crowe movies available to me, and all I can say is: Boy have I missed out through the years. His true personality radiates in every character he plays, and he was surely the right choice for the lead in "A Beautiful Mind". Jennifer Connelly was outstanding as Alicia Nash, and together, her and Russell were a "Beautiful Pair". Paul Bettany was also great. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone in any age group, due in large part to the message it conveys- a beautiful mind, a mind that can appreciate the deeper things that most of us can't,<br />can be a troubled one, and those closest to that"beautiful mind" should never give up hope and keep close in mind the important things in life- compassion, long-suffering, and most of all--LOVE.
Russell should have received the Best Actor award for his portrayal of Nash... talk about being robbed... LOL!
The new generations barely are aware about the existence of " Fareneheit 451" , a fundamental sci-fi text written by Ray Bradbury, that carves in relief the chilling reality of a recent future, where the increasing frivolity of the modern times makes most of us simply have no time to read and so we have to conform with the reading of history without words; I mean the human knowledge reduced to cartoons, futile candies for a funny entertainment and pop corn images that vaguely intend to depict the complex and fascinating universe of the culture. Maybe Ray Bradbury had smiled quietly when he saw for the first time a video clip don' t you?<br /><br />When you try to adapt the personal universe of such complex mind in order to intend to seduce the masses through a sugary plot, you are committing a moral crime, due the nestled reality of any human being may not be told with such linearity; even the humblest person in the world has his likes and dislikes, contradictions, phobias and little sins, because the innocence - in its purest state - is exclusive property of the saints.<br /><br />In this sense, if you want to get close to a light approach of a brilliant mind, then go and astonish by yourself, but at the moment you leave the hall you, don' think you have become aware about the life and times of this man; barely you have explored the anecdotic character, and nothing else.<br /><br />Brilliant performances.
As we all know, hollywood takes a true story and adds some embellishment to it.  That said, this film is one of the classics.  Russell Crowe again shows why he's making the money he is to do a movie.  Ron Howard's direction is admirable.  A wonderful movie about life, the struggles that some people have to get through and move on.  I would suggest this movie to anybody who enjoys what movies are all about.
In this interesting, entertaining film, director Ron Howard has assembled an all star cast to tell the tragic story of Princeton mathematician John Nash.  Russell Crowe's Nash is a quirky, mathematical genius, complete with the touchy sense of forlorn pride that comes with doing only one thing extremely well.  He sees arcane patterns everwhere, all the time, like a chess grandmaster who has come to inadvertently inhabit his chessboard.  His life is an intellectually exciting one... but how much of it is actually real?  He cannot tell.  Can you?<p>This movie really needs to be seen twice, or more.  There's no way you'll appreciate everything the first time around.  The character's &quot;journey,&quot; for which Ron Howard and Russell Crowe seem to have been shooting, is Nash's growth, both because of and despite his schizophrenia, from an arrogant, cold &quot;genius&quot; to a warmer, less standoffish human being.  It is interesting to see his receptivity to the people around him increase, even as his attention to his inner hallucinations decreases.  The inverse relationship between these qualities is somehing to behold, and to ponder.<p>I would like to take this opportunity to call your attention to an interesting casting decision.  Did you happen to experience a mild sense of deja vu, when watching Nash's lab assistants work together at MIT's Wheeler labs?  Or when we first meet them, in the film's opening scenes?  If you happened to catch &quot;Dazed and Confused,&quot; back in 1993, that explains the feeling.  The characters Bender and Sol are played by Anthony Rapp and Adam Goldberg, who played a very similar couple of buddies in &quot;Dazed and Confused.&quot;  There, they were Tony and Mike, &quot;the smart kids&quot; in their wild Texas high school.  Here again, together they portray an unusually intelligent pair, coping with varying success with the mundane world.  Just an interesting thing to note....  Other more-or-less background characters look like they had a lot of fun playing their parts, as well, especially Ed Harris and Paul Bettany.<p>A problem I have is the way that &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; glosses quickly over some things, to make a person's life into fit material for a 90 minute film.  Think about it.  The happy times that John Nash enjoyed with his wife Alicia (fantastically played by the brilliant/babe-acious Jennifer Connelly) seem to amount to a few months, tops.  It appears that virtually their entire life together, from their early 20s to their late 60s, were almost constantly miserable.  Somehow the film makes you fel that there is a grand human triumph in here somewhere, but I'm not sure I agree.  Nash's is certainly a fascinating life story, but the film ranks a little too high on the well-known &quot;S.S.I.&quot; -- the Schmidt Schmaltz Index.<p>I have nothing but respect for Ron Howard, who is plainly a good man, a good guy, and an EXCELLENT director.  Therefore, I imagine that he probably felt it was worth telling this story in a somewhat overly &quot;Hollywood&quot; fashion, in order to draw all the more attention to the important topics dealt with herein.  Nevertheless, I just want to note that this movie is pretty simplistic in certain ways, and achieves its emotional punch at a certain cost in terms of its faith to the real story.  If you want a more complete version of this story, try Sylvia Nasar's book version, also entitled &quot;A Beautiful Mind.&quot;  If you don't want to concern yourself too much with reality, but just love this kind of story, I'd like to recommend that you read Daniel Keyes' &quot;Flowers for Algernon.&quot;
It is clear from a viewing of this very good film what Hollywood found so intriguing and so fascinating about the life of Nobel laureate John Nash. It is indeed a life that was distinguished by a raging plethora of contradictory qualities and experiences, and one in which much was suffered and yet much gained. Thus it was by virtue of the very range of these seemingly irreconcilable aspects to his complicated, convoluted, and extremely troubled existence that his story was deemed to be so irresistible that they gave it the "whole Hollywood treatment".  In a phrase, then, in the movie industry's judgment Doctor Nash was notably nuts, and was a distinguished Noble Prize-winning nutcase at that. And, oh, how Hollywood loves to romanticize such accomplished, misunderstood and unlikable miscreants. <p>That much said, the acting was quite good, and the director truly was inspired, and deserved an Oscar for his work. For he does deliver an immensely entertaining and enormously interesting piece of work here, however badly it may misrepresent the true and authentic set of situations it is portending to recreate. Using a barrelful of creative license, Ron Howard deep sixes the accuracy of the events to weave a lovely period piece about love, intellect, and madness. So too, Russell Crowe's acting delivers a powerful testimony to the agony of his afflictions, yet it too is so stylized and so pushed along by special effects that somehow we wind up feeling almost envious of the protagonist's beautiful hallucinations of a world far more singularly novel, photogenic and breath-taking than the one the majority of us seem to inhabit day in and day out. <p>Jennifer Connelly is stunning and lovely, and her victory at winning the Academy Award speaks volumes for how little is expected of actresses in some dramatic roles. So, while I liked the movie for what it was, I was disappointed to find it such a sugary and sentimental representation of the events as they actually transpired. The story was often uneven and disjointed, so while my interest was maintained, I would be less than candid if I didn't say that I thought it a bit too long and at points a bit belabored.  A good movie, but in my humble estimation  hardly a great movie. Glad to see Ron Howard win the Oscar, but did not think this was the best he has ever done. Enjoy!
Yes, Ron Howard is a heck of a director.  And he's never better than in showing the difference between what's inside the mind of someone afflicted with schizophrenia, and the reality that everyone else sees.  Even I, a practicing psychiatrist, was surprised to discover that Howard/Crowe/Nash had been leading me down a primrose path to hell.  It's elegantly understated, very watchable, and completely accurate.  But it may be the only accurate thing in the film, which is completely misleading.<p>I haven't read Ms. Nasar's biography, which I understand is considerably more honest about Mr. Nash's life, so I do not blame her for this film.  The film is completely misleading. Mental illness is not like a cold that randomly affects some of us, who then take better care of our health and it goes away. Hallucinations can not be willed away.  Mr. Nash did not earn the Nobel Prize BECAUSE of some special creativity his disease gave him.  He did not even earn it THROUGH his psychiatric symptoms;  early in his disease, during (no doubt) a remission of his symptoms, the part of his brain not ravaged by the disease manifested it's greatness before schizophrenia made a mess of his life.  That came later, and fortunately he got treatment for it. But the disease remains.  <p>I fear people will watch this film and think, "Wow, you can have schizophrenia and still win the Nobel Prize!" And that thought is an insult to the victims of schizophrenia.  I include in those "victims" their family and friends, because their lives are devastated, too.  If you want to learn what mental illness is like (and not just what great film making is like,) watch "Niagra, Niagra."  This is a film that shows the hell that untreated mental disease becomes for everyone involved . . . not a trip to Oslo.
'A Beautiful Mind' is easily the best film of the year 2001.  Spearheaded by a wonderful performance from Russell Crowe, this film is a masterpiece from director Ron Howard.  It is about Nobel prize winner Dr. John Nash, who wrote a Nobel prize winning theory during his college days, but was seriously affected by schizophrenia later.  During all his struggle, his wife (played by Jennifer Connelly) stood by him.  <p>Russell Crowe plays Dr. Nash with consummate ease, effortlessly portraying his youth as well as his troubled schizophrenic days.  Jennifer Connelly has supported him admirably as his wife and Ed Harris is as solid as a rock.  Ron Howard's direction is very good, with the film starting slowly and then the tempo increases and peaks at the ending.  All the supporting actors, especially Adam Goldberg and Paul Bettany, deserve praise for their beleivable portrayals and they make each frame of this film worth watching.<p>Russell Crowe has always been a good actor with excellent performances in 'L.A. Confidential' and 'The Insider', but in this film, he has taken his acting to a newer, more mature level.  It will hardly be a surprise if he bags his second Academy award for this performance.
The film emphasizes Nash's wild childishness and insanity, which apparently were true, but conveys no sense of either the depth or breadth of Nash's mathematical creativity and contributions.  Nasar's book of the same title is far better and is far more informative, although it receives some reasonable criticism in Mirowski's 'Machine Dreams' (where the question 'What does it feel like to play a Nash equilibrium?' is posed). For an even better history of game theory, RAND, military funding of science, and simultaneously a biography of von Neumann, read Poundstone's 'Prisoner's Dilemma' (which Nasar quotes abundantly in her book 'A Beautiful Mind'). One interesting point conveyed by the film: that Nash managed his insanity by learning to ignore the voices in his head. If true, then this would be an impressive lesson for others.
I am a GP doctor &amp; i rememer when i studied psychiatry reading alot info about schizophrenic patients &amp; how they suffer from delusions &amp; hallucinations that cannot be imagined by normal people &amp; even doctors who treat these poor people ... this movie showed me for the first time in my life what kind of suffering such patients have ... the extraordinary performance by Russel Crow showed me exactly the delusions &amp; how they resemble the truth which is exactly written in medical books. <p>This movie is a shock &amp; it's a pity that Russel Crow lost the oscar for his genius performance ... i highly recommend this movie for anyone who want to see for real how the poor sick patients with schizophrenia suffer the psychotic symptoms ... I did't know about Professor Nash before ... but i know now ... I know the story of a great man who struggled aganist his sickness to reach the highest prize that any man can imagine ... The Nobel prize.<p>This movie is a MUST see ... usually i buy only DVD movies that i think from my point of view they are classics ... this movie is part of my collection now ... &amp; as a collector i say :&quot; This movie should be in the library of any movie collector, with movies like The Godfather, Indiana Jones Trilogy ... ect &quot;
I first saw this movie about five years ago.  My wife had asked me to go see it with her.  After we watched, I said to her, "I don't know how to tell you this, but I got to tell you something, and it is kinda hard to say."  She said, "Go ahead, honey."  So I said to her, "I don't know what that stuff is that Crowe has in that movie......" She says, "go on."  "But I have it, too."  She then says, "Well, we got to get you some help." The next day she tells me the soonest a psychiatrist can see me is in a month and a half.  I tell her that I can't last that long.  I need to see someone right away.  A psychiatrist tells her to take me to the nearest ER room at a hospital.<br /><br />Sitting in front of the ER doctor at a large hospital in the Denver suburbs, the doctor asks me, "So what's bothering you?"  I tell him, "Oh, nothing really." (I'm afraid they are going to lock me up forever.)  My wife across the little room says, "You have to tell him everything, to get help." So I proceed to tell him, "I'm hearing voices which are telling me to do terrible things.  They are loud command voices, they don't stop, and I can't deal with it anymore. They say people in the neighborhood are plotting to kill me and my family."<br /><br />He says, "Oh, you must have a microchip implanted in the back of your head."<br /><br />I exclaim back, "No, no, that's not possible!  I never had a microchip operation... I have a tooth.  It's in the back of my mouth.  It has a large filling in it. I got it when I was 15.  The dentist put two pins in it, and the pins act like a harmonic receiver for a satellite in the sky." Then I paused again and looked over at my wife, and she said, "You got to keep going." I continued, "They are sending the voices to me through this tooth, and they can hear what I am saying when I speak.  I am part of a super-secret military project, and they're communicating with me. For future one-man missions."<br /><br />The doctor then left, and came back a few minutes later with two armed hospital guards.  He read me 'my rights', and informed me that the state of Colorado allows him to put me on a '3-day involuntary commitment' to get me medication and counseling.  I was ready to jump right out of there, but my wife said, "They are going to help you, but you have to let them."  So I went along with them to the psych ward of that general hospital, and they helped me by giving me a 10mg dose of tongue dissolvable Zyprexa, and I slept for about 19 hours.  When I woke up, they let me talk to the doctor and some counselors.  The medication gave me a clear brain, and stopped the voices and delusions.  They released me to my wife that day (the day after admitting me).  My wife was an angel.<br /><br />This movie, that "3-day commitment", and the doctors & nurses with the meds are some of the best things that have ever happened in my life.  This movie gave me the courage to seek help.  It was very hard to take the news that I was not part of a special super-secret military project for 19 years.  But instead I have a serious, chronic, incurable, brain disease.  But that's life, that's my life. I now accept the fact that I have the brain disorder known as schizoaffective.  It reminds me of the movie, "Predator".  And it terrifies me.<br /><br />Other people here have commented that this film does not portray the actual life of John Nash.  Well, maybe it's because the real story of schizophrenia is too depressing for people to want to pay money to see.  There simply is no pretty Hollywood ending to our story.  And besides, Hollywood has skewed other films in the past that were supposedly about the life of a real person.<br /><br />One that comes to mind so unnervingly is the movie, "Emily Rose."  Talk about a farce!  Oh, this movie was "INSPIRED BY" the life of Emily Rose.  And then two consultants to the film with the title of Msr. in front of their names (this stands for Catholic monsignor priest) proceeded to make a girl's paranoid manic psychotic episode look like demon possession.  That was cute.  And what a cruel joke it is to all of us who suffer from psychotic brain disease (about 8 million US people - paranoid schizophrenia, psychotic bipolar I, psychotic depression & post-partum psychosis).<br /><br />I can hardly wait until the researchers find a cure for this illness.  Hopefully within the next 20 to 30 years.  I hope and pray for this everyday.  I'm sure John does, too.  For the sake of our children.<br /><br />You won't hear from many people with psychotic based-illness.  It is simply too horrific to talk about.  You can take my word for it.  I say this because you all have paid a lot of money to send me to some of the world's best schools.  Schools which uniquely teach soldiers how to look fear in its face, to confront it, and then to walk right through it.  As I have posted before, and in spite of this myriad of specialized training, it still terrifies me to talk about this disease like I am doing now, and it takes a terrible toll.<br /><br />To everyone who had a part in making this film, thank you.  Thank you for saving my life, literally.  I really appreciate that.  So do my wife and two children. And thank you, John, for telling your story.  You have helped us all.  You will never know how much, because we simply cannot talk about it.  As you already know.
Amazing record by Ron Howard - has managed to ruin every movie he's directed so far. Way to go! Can take a great, cool story, and load it with triteness and cliche-ridden cinematics, pacing, and story.<p>I was quite excited to see this movie when I bought it - I knew it was about a famous mathematician, that it had won awards (or been nominated, anyway), and I like movies and plays about math and science. And lest you think I didn't like this because it was ron howard, I didn't know it was Ron Howard when I watched it.  After watching this and feeling that I had been taken for a ride, with every emotional response I'm supposed to have being telecasted to me through script and music (like a Spielberg movie but without the artistry), and being taken so far from reality, I and my friend who watched it together felt abused and misled.<p>"Who directed this thing?" I asked. "Ah - Ron Howard. That explains why this movie, which has a great and compelling human story underlying it and could have really been a greaet movie that people would watch over time, sucks."<p>Though I give it two stars, let me give 5 stars to the cast - incredible acting, especially from Russel Crowe. Ed Harris great as always. Rest of the cast, brilliant. This movie has some tremendous acting. It's just too bad that Mr. Howard felt the need to manipulate us, tell us what to feel and think, and tug at the emotional heartstrings intentionally, instead of letting the story itself do that for us. <p>The story of a person's life, told truthfully and accurately, without manipulation, is *far* more compelling than any fictional story we could think to invent, and certainly far more interesting than taking a person's story and adding in some fictional components to make it "sell" to the movie public. Sorry, but the movie public just ends up feeling abused. Nash's story could be told on grainy black and white film, with the same cast, but with no special effects, and audience would be riveted, because Nash's story *itself* is riveting.<p>Please stop adding fiction to real-life stories; please stop manipulating the viewers, Mr. Howard.<p>On the DVD itself: 3 or 4 stars for the DVD. Lots and lots of extras, but not of much interest. The transfer of the movie onto the DVD was done *beautifully*. This is an excellent transfer.<p>This is one for renting, not owning.
I wouldn't call this movie a true story or a great movie, but it's a definitely a good movie. Shipping arrived in under a week and haven't had any problems.
A beautiful movie based off of actual events in the life of Dr. John Nash. Very compelling story filled with surprises, laughs, and tears.  Well done Ron Howard movie as always.  If you have not watched it yet, you have done yourself a disservice. Great twists and turns to keep you guessing the whole way through!
Hard to believe to see this professor in the trailer in such a good state of mind after so many shock treatments. He must be a real genius to survive all those treatments.<br />As far as I know, schizophrenia is not curable. A very good movie about this American genius!
I highly recommend this movie to anybody and everybody.  Russell Crowe delivers one of the best performances of his career, if not his best.  Knowing this movie is a true story makes you even more intrigued to see what's going to happen next.  This movie is definitely a must see drama that's worth your time and money tima and time again.
It is a wonderful movie that I purchased to help students understand the mind of a schizophrenic.  I recommend this movie to everyone who hasn't seen it.
This movie has been a personal favorite ever since I first saw it back in 2001.  Classic story about a man who has struggles that he overcomes, meanwhile involving those closest to him, real or not.  Led by the remarkable performances of Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly and Ed Harris, this star studded cast puts together an ensemble of unforgettable emotion and thought that can be described in only one word: masterpiece.
A moving and memorable film. . .<br /><br />This is an unforgettable record of the progression of schizophrenia in a mathematical genius, and then the partial recovery. Very touching and disturbing, and a very worthwhile movie brilliantly performed by Crowe Russel.
This was a wonderful movie. I lost track of time while watching it. Kept me on the edge of my seat and I was trying to guess how it would end. The ending surprised me. I would have never figured out what was going on. I would recommend this to anyone! But it is somewhat long, so keep that in mind before watching it.
Just awesome. Few movies like this make you realize that love can do anything. Love is the power that is present everywhere. John Nash's wife believed in love; she always supported him. That's true love.
Schizophrenia is a mental illness that most Americans know very little about. Schizophrenia is such a complex mental illness that it is quite difficult even to explain and discuss with those who are uneducated about it. Symptons are varied and each person is affected differently. In A BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard has pulled off an Oscar-worthy job of exploring one man's struggle with the illness through the life of Nobel Prize winner, John Nash. The film skips a great deal of Nash's life. However, in the two and a half hours that the movie runs, the audience is caught up in the life and mentality of Nash. No film can truly do justice to a person's life and achievements. However, movies can educate and inform us of greatness within our midst that would go otherwise unnoticed. A BEAUTIFUL MIND is such a film. Contrary to what some have suggested, the film deals with schizophrenia in a tasteful and thoughtful manner, illumining the audience to the false reality that schizophrenics exist within.<br />Russell Crowe is once again superb and earned another Oscar nomination with his performance of Nash. Though he is often cast as a matinee-idol-type star, films like this illustrate his skill and display that he has become one of Hollywood's elite not solely because of his looks (aka Tom Cruise), but because of his talent.<br /><br />Jennifer Connelly also pulls of an Oscar-worthy performance as Nash's wife. I've been a fan of Connelly since her early days starring in LABYRINTH and it's great to finally see her beginning to receive the recognition she deserves. She more than holds her own against the strong charisma of Russell Crowe.<br /><br />The movie does not have a great deal of time to deal with the relationship between Nash and his wife. Nevertheless, the film briefly touches upon their relationship without becoming sappy.<br /><br />Overall, a wonderful movie with great acting, exploring the horror of schizophrenia and the power of love.
If you truly like this movie..take the time to read the book. You will find its not as charming as the movie and the abuse and harm he caused was of great concern. He is a genius, but it was not a goverment caused stress..it was plain and simple mental illness.  Their wedding was not all rainbows and unicorns..they were divorced for many years while he was locked up or traveling aboard. He was selfish and drained his mothers and family's finances. Read the book to find out how it really was.
This is the story of John Forbes Nash, Jr. (Russell Crowe), a brilliant mathematician and economist who did amazing original work. My own diagnosis of him during the early part of the movie was Asperger's Syndrome, but eventually the diagnosis of schizophrenia is fully justified. Until we get pretty far into the story, the audience doesn't know any more than Dr. Nash does about what is real and what is hallucination. So having given that tiny clue, amuse yourself by trying to guess. Chances are you will be at least partly wrong.<br /><br />But as the movie also makes clear, a brilliant mind is not proof against mental illness, and indeed may be at least part of the cause. It might be interesting to look up some statistics on that, but not right now. Right now the important thing is one woman (Jennifer Connolly) loved him, and stood by him when his illness caused them both a great deal of trouble. She earned the right to be dressed to the nines and sit in an auditorium in Stockholm, applauding and glowing with pride as he was awarded the Nobel Prize for economics. It was for the work he had done long ago, which turned out to have practical implications beyond what even he had considered.<br /><br />It's a very real, very compassionate look at what can go wrong in even a beautiful mind. Maybe even, as I said, more often in a beautiful mind than an ordinary one. Five stars, although at least one of them is for my sense of kinship with Dr. Nash.
its a amazing...<br /><br />Funny how netflix will not release such a classic in streaming video.  I think its their duty to allow a film that teaches us so much about life and coping with a mental illness .  Maybe we can learn from it. This film is the first attempt to show what it is like to deal with a true challenge.<br /><br />So I will buy the film and show it to a wide audience myself and maybe impact someone's life.
Having picked this movie up solely for the fact that it won 'Best Picture', I can say that going into it I hadn't the foggiest as to what it was about, where the story came from or any basis it had in reality. It seems, if some complaints are indicative of general consensus, that my clean slate approach was preferable.<br /><br />Saying that, I found the movie to be engaging and intelligent and the story completely immersive with Russell Crowe playing an incredible character, flaws and all. It wasn't until the final moments that I came to to the fact that the film was based off of an actual person's life. And you know what? All the better for it. I was able to appreciate the story and its events, and Crowe's portrayal without considering it conforming to the strictures of the real world. For me, film has always been a medium that embodied an escape from the world that we inhabit day in and out; on account of that, I don't mind creative licensing in the least in effort to best tell a story. A film, or at least a biographical one, is in its nature a flawed reconstruction of reality, if and only if one places those expectations on the film in the first place. On the other hand, if you can accept the fact that a film is more a director's vision than anyone else's, than you're in a much greater position to appreciate the movie.<br /><br />Ron Howard and all involved did a fantastic job, I recommend the movie to all interested in a good story; and would like to encourage everyone to go into the picture not expecting a true to form biographical account of a man's life, but a film, and it's an excellent one at that.
OK, to start with, this film won Academy awards for Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Director (Ron Howard), Best Picture (2002), and Best Supporting Actress (Jennifer Connelly), and Crowe was nominated for Best Actor.  Need I say more?  No, but I will...<br /><br />In this film Crowe portrays the brilliant, but mentally unstable and asocial mathematician John Nash during his years in graduate school and throughout his professional career.  He becomes obsessed with patterns and cryptography, and he is hired to work for the government on a top secret assignment to locate a nuclear weapon that is allegedly being brought into the USA to be detonated by the USSR during the height of the Cold War.<br /><br />Crowe does an AMAZING job portraying Nash, and Connelly is fantastic as his intelligent and long-suffering wife.<br /><br />If you like top-quality drama, intelligent movies, and unexpected twists and turns then you will eat this film up!  After a while even you as a viewer will be wondering what is real and what is part of Nash's imaginary world.<br /><br />5 solid stars.  Kudos to everyone involved.
Have been learning about transitioning books to screen, so read the book, A Beautiful Mind, first, then read the screen play.  I had not seen the film.  Reading the screen play immediately set me off in sudden<br />outbursts of laughter,  simply at the surprises that continually would appear in the script which had nothing to do with the book.  In fact, there is very little of the book in the screen play.  By the end I discovered that the screen play is described as a story inspired by the life of John Nash and the book, A Beautiful Mind.<br /><br />Taken alone, the script is a good study in turning the story into an adventure, complete with gun battles and car chase; in fact, the idea of mental illness and an ill math genius who wins a nobel prize, is<br />the jumping off point for this somewhat James Bond romp.  But to be fair, it is developed, independent from the book or the mental disease, into an entertaining and moving story.<br /><br />If you read the script, I suggest that you also buy the Two-Disc Awards Edition DVD which goes into great depth as to the scripting, the casting, the filming, effects creation, and much more. An enormous amount of care was taken in turning the actual story into an  "it couldda happened"  film.. inspired by the life of John Nash, but almost entirely fictional.  It is a well scripted, wittilly dialogued, and interesting fantasia based upon a situation which had similar circumstances.  The script leaves the John Nash character on a "reality diet" where he still is haunted by the presence of his other characters his mind has created, but which he now has learned to ignore.  In fact, the real John Nash has almost no memory of his fantasies and has no remaining "hauntings" of them now. But hey, this is Hollywood, and they always have trouble discerning reality from fantasy.<br /><br />Bottom line: it is well written, entertaining, and interesting in that we see an example of how a mostly internalized book can inspire an actualized film, suggested by the circumstances the book contains, and then elaborately produced.
I love that Russell's character is so gentle and he has great chemistry with the actress who played his wife. I love watching them together because they make a wonderful couple. Love is a major theme of this film, which is wonderful for me. It is such a great idea to make this film in a school setting because it works very well. As I've already said, I love how gentle Russell's character is because it makes him very approachable. I also love how intelligent, handsome, and charming he is. This character suits him very well. I'm glad his wife stayed with him once she found out that he was schizophrenic. She was a great wife! The only thing I don't like about this film is when he gets electrocuted by some people on a bed. I don't agree with that as a form of treatment, but great story, great actors, great acting, and it's nice to see a movie about schizophrenia, a mental illness that I am currently struggling with. This movie shows that schizophrenic people are wonderful!! So at the end of the day, I am grateful for this mental illness and I am glad this film won so many awards.
First let's get this out of the way up front; THIS isn't the biography A BEAUTIFUL MIND which focuses on John Nash's genius as well as his flaws. This, instead, focuses on Nash's battle with mental illness. When a director makes a film they have to choose a path to tell a story--unlike a book it's extremely difficult to take a story like Nash's and condense it into a two hour narrative. Director Ron Howard and screenwriter Avika Goldsman chose the most clear pathway (and using a literary device called "the unreliable narrator)--Nash's brilliance in mathematics AND his slide into mental illness.<br /><br />The Blu-ray release from Universal features an exceptional looking high def transfer. Colors are nicely captured. The Blu-ray captures Roger Deakins' photography with good detail and textures.The transfer exhibits the changing color scheme and textures as John Nash becomes increasingly paranoid. Image detail/sharpness is a tad inconsistent but I suspect that has more to do with the intent of the director and Deakins' decisions in how the scenes are photographed. Edge enhancement crops up quite a bit which is distracting but it isn't the worst I've seen in some films.<br /><br />There isn't anything new that I noticed in the special features but it does appear as if almost all of  the extras have been ported over from the regular DVD edition. The only thing I detected as missing were the clips from the Academy Awards. The two commentary tracks are in tact as well featuring director Ron Howard and writer Avika Goldsman. Unfortunately, all of the extras are presented in standard definition.<br /><br />What's clever and works really well in "A Beautiful Mind" is the WAY that Howard and Goldsman have decided to tell the story; they make us identify with shy, charismatic John Nash, realize how brilliant he is, see his experience at the University from HIS perspective. Howard and Goldsman then turn our expectations on its head by demonstrating that much of what WE experienced with Nash may or may not be real and that he suffers from schizophrenia. We discover that a lot of what Nash "knows" to be true isn't at all and that he lives in a world of shadows suggesting reality but often never touching on it.<br /><br />There was plenty of criticism about the fact that "A Beautiful Mind" wasn't faithful to the book of the same name and played down Nash's bisexuality, racism and other personal issues. As fascinating as Nash's life is, the film fictionalizes Nash's experience and focuses on his unexpected journey into madness pulling us, the audience, into the rabbit hole with Nash. It's a clever conceit and one that works well allowing us to both understand Nash, sympathize with him enough so that WE feel like we are sliding down into the same madness that has consumed him.<br /><br />The bottom line is that this is an extremely good upgrade picture wise for "A Beautiful Mind". The film doesn't have a perfect presentation and there are some flaws (such as edge enhancement)but, on the whole, it looks exceptionally good.
The ubiquitous "inner city gangbanger" doesn't exist as such.  I grant you the concept is real in the sense of being a solid idea that describes a particular phenomena.  However, once investigated, this immediately falls apart.  It doesn't stand up to direct personal experience the same way most categorizations do not.  By the way, great movie.  Please enjoy:-)
Haunting music by James Horner. Beautiful Themes. Ron Howard has come out with a clean winner. Good performances by Russell Crowe and the beautiful Jennifer Connelly. I had not read about the Equilibrium concept of John Nash Jr. and the personal trauma he had with schizophrenia and delusions before he got the Nobel for Economics Sciences that he shared with Reinhard Selten and John Harsanyi in 1994. When I saw this film, I came to know about Nash. It was  nostalgia for me as I had studied close to Princeton University at Glassboro State College (now Rowan). I had visited Princeton and almost felt that I was there when I saw the locale scenes.<br />I would say that Ron Howard romanticizes a bit and makes the story flashy. He could have underplayed the screenplay a bit. Yet the scenes of paranoid schizophrenia and delusions come out good with able performances by Paul Bettany as  "the prodigal roommate" and the maniacal defense agent Parcher played by Ed Harris. Akiva Goldsman has written a good story on how to patch figments of a cracked imagination. The best reason to stay with the movie is Alicia Nash played by Jennifer Connelly. Her suffering comes out so well in her reading of the character. The best part of the movie is John Nash Jr.'s relationship with his wife Alicia. I am touched by the way Jennifer Connelly  approaches Crowe when he is her professor and brings out her love for him. I have learnt from this film that love is patience, love is endurance, love is not just after one's own benefits and that love shines. To conclude, this film picked up the AFI best actress award for Jennifer Connelly. She also picked up the Oscar that year and the movie was the Film of the Year. James Horner has breathed life into the narrative with his compellingly mesmerising score. If not for Howard Shore's magnificent work on the Fellowship of the Ring that year, this was easily the best effort in music. A thoroughly satisfying film on the mind beautiful.
At Princeton University, John Nash struggles to make a worthwhile contribution to serve as his legacy to the world of mathematics. He finally makes a revolutionary breakthrough that will eventually earn him the Nobel Prize. After graduate school he turns to teaching, becoming romantically involved with his student Alicia. Meanwhile the government asks his help with breaking Soviet codes, which soon gets him involved in a terrifying conspiracy plot. Nash grows more and more paranoid until a discovery that turns his entire world upside down. Now it is only with Alicia's help that he will be able to recover his mental strength and regain his status as the great mathematician we know him as today. "A Beautiful Mind" is absolutely great, not only does it have a strong point and an importaint message to the viewer, but it delivers it in a touching and sensitive, partly even humourous kind of way, with the help of powerful actors, a great screenplay and even a few special effects to boost it up. This movie succeeds on every level.
A BEAUTIFUL MIND is about a brilliant mathematician John Nash, (Russlle Crowe) who is working on a new concept at Princeton University, but when he is informed by William (Ed Harris) a government agent, that a top secret operative is being developed and that they need his help to decipher a intercepted code, He reluctantly agrees.<br /><br />Pressure, stress and time sensitive code cracking send him into huge bouts of paranoia and depression. In the mean time, he must keep his assignment a secret from his wife Allicia, (Jennifer Connely)<br />his best friend Charles (Paul Betanny) and anyone else, for that matter.<br />Little by little as the codes become increaingly more difficult and an ever impending threat draws near, he begins to crack under the constant pressure.<br /><br />This movie is a rare journey into places that few dare visit.<br />It will stimulate positive thinking and will have the viewer questioning thier own understanding of it.<br />I can appreciate a movie where intelligence can be underestimated and over thinking can be out done.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie, the story is mind bending and, at the very least, will definitely give you some food for thought!
Not a family movie, as I'm not sure children can fully follow or appreciate the story.  It was a great gift for my parents, though. No special day, just got mentioned in conversation and I enjoyed the movie so much that I got it for them, knowing they'd enjoy it.
A Beautiful Mind (2001)-Imagine learning that the people, places and your most beloved memories never really existed! Best Ron Howard Film to Date.<br /><br />Note that this 1.85:1 DVD played great on a 52" HDTV making Blu-Ray unnecessary.
I first saw this film in a packed cinema and I was encouraged by the response at the end from the audience. They remained in their seats riveted not moving for a considerable period of time and were obviously moved by what they had seen. So many Hollywood films portray schizophrenia incorrectly and those who suffer from this terrible disease as scary, violent, and often not redeeming people. Finally, audiences were able to see a film that accurately depicted this tragedy in a man of considerable intellect.<br /><br />This movie was a breath of fresh air from the likes of Me, Myself and Irene with its perpetuation of the schizophrenia stereotypes.<br /><br />I saw a similar reaction by an audience at the end of the film <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001FWY09Y">Cutting For Stone</a> when it appeared at the Montreal Film Festival a few years ago. This was the story of a young teen developing schizophrenia who did not do as well as John Nash. What it did show was a more typical example and the two films together paint a realistic image of the disease and its impact.<br /><br />Marvin Ross<br />Author of Schizophrenia: Medicine's Mystery - Society's Shame
This is a truly beautiful movie and probably Ron Howard's best work IMHO.  It's a lesson of how one man fought off his demons, real and imagined, with the loving help of his wife and a commitment to discipline his own mind.<br /><br />Direction, acting, writing, cinematigraphy, music... it's a perfect storm of great cinema.<br /><br />Regarding the DVD there is one thing to keep in mind... be careful to check the aspect ratio of the DVD you buy.  There are many different versions of this title, apparently I got stuck with a lemon as I wanted the "widescreen" version but got, instead the "fullscreen" version.<br /><br />They trick you here... "FULL Screen"??  Is this as opposed to "Half-Screen"?  It's a misleading term that makes you think it's "widescreen" but it's not -as the aspect ratio is only 1:33-1.  If you want the real FULL screen -as it was in the theater, make sure the copy you buy is 1:85-1.
Since the first time I viewed this movie, I was fascinated in a lot of factors, camera, directing, and a little bit of the acting was also very good, though in some scenes it seems like I'm watching Gladiator.<br /><br />A great movie for a great price, a "must have" item.
very happy to have this movie well pleased thank you whoray33
But, it deviated so much from true events. Ron Howard should have respected Mr. Nash's life, and not attempt to make this a moral story of triumph over mental illness. The biography is much more interesting. I recommend the book.
Howard's latest movie, and winner of several awards, concerns the genius, home life and mental illness of John Nash (Crowe).  Taking us through his college years up to when he won the Nobel Prize, 'A Beautiful Mind' is an assured, open and often very moving film.  Crowe proves that his performances in 'Gladiator' and 'The Insider' weren't flukes, with a showy but bravely unsympathetic role.  Many decried that playing the madman was an easy option, which maybe would have been the case with any lesser actor, but anyone who watches Crowe in the early scenes, a bumbling, nervous, self-righteous college graduate can testify that this was certainly no easy option.  Indeed, shrugging off the action stereotype that might have come with his last role was surely no easy feat but Crowe makes you forget Maximus of Spain completely here.<p>Of course, that isn't wishing to forget the dazzling tour de force that is Jennifer Connelly.  Watching her act, the word 'actress of a generation' often springs to mind, and like Crowe she has proven her determination not to be typecast.  Her role here is as far removed from her performance as drug-addled Marion Crane in 'Requiem For A Dream' as it could possibly be.  A lesser performer may have been tempted to simply allow the script do the work (after all, she could basically have been a mere housewife) but it is in the reflection of Nash's madness in his wife's eyes that makes it so horrific.  You get the feeling that the occasionally unrealistic portrayal of schizofrenia have been made more romantic (there is only about one hospital scene) so as to ensure that the movie's rating was kept down.  However, through two magnificent performances the audience is allowed a real insight into not just how madness affects one person but the people around him.<p>Whilst Howard's earlier movies such as 'Apollo 13' were assured but ultimately formulaic, he really shows himself to be a very talented director indeed on this which is probably his best film to date.  Thankfully rather than wallowing in period detail he wisely chooses to take it slow, injecting a good deal of characterisation and a very honest and therefore moving portrayal of a relationship on the edge.  Even if this doesn't quite rank up there with 'Hilary And Jackie', it is still one of the best biopics of recent years and a milestone for all concerned.
but it's his performance that makes this movie.  A Beautiful Mind is an engaging film.  Not a great movie, but a very good one.  As has become rather expected in movies by the &quot;better&quot; American directors, the ending is pure schmaltz.  I presume studio pressure had a lot to do with it--which is an excuse that is unavailable to Mr. Speilberg, who has transformed himself into the king of schmaltzy endings.  But, I digress.<p>Part of Crowe's approach to acting is to notice and replicate certain &quot;tics&quot; that become the nucleus around which his performance can spin, react, and coalesce.  But, unlike many lesser actors, these &quot;tics&quot; do not devolve into cliches.  He uses them as windows into the character's soul.  Here, John Nash's fingers do a figure eight on his forehead when the stress around him builds.  It's as if he is both shielding himself from the world and also wishing away demons with some arcane incantation.  Crowe's portrait of a man transformed by events beyond his control should have earned him an Oscar.  This truly was the performance of the year, and not a throwaway like Crowe's performance in the mediocre Gladiator.  But, apparently, he was even too rude and boorish for Hollywood (which is saying something when major stars can still win Oscars after attacking people with golf clubs).<p>Jennifer Connolly won an oscar for her role, but I'm not quite sure why.  Her performance is adequate, but the role is thin and her range of emotion is merely ordinary.  There is one scene where she is driven into a rage of frustration, shattering a mirror in the process, but that is the only shining moment for her.<p>Now if we can only get Mr. Howard to get off the schmaltzy ending train ...
I saw this movie after it won the Oscar for Best Picture and was quite disappointed that it won at that time because I wanted Lord of the Rings to win.  That view changed after seeing this.  It is extroadinary.  Each character is unique and portrayed with real emotion.  Even though Russell Crowe's accent does waver and falter throughout the movie, the emotion between him and Jennifer Connelly had me sobbing.  This movie is an incredible journey into the believable world of John Nash.  I suggest that everyone sees this movie once.  It's really confusing the first time through, as the plot takes a turn for the worst that leaves you shaking and trying to figure it out for the next half hour.  See it again if it seems confusing, because then you can actually start dissecting it and understand why this movie won Best Picture.
Yes I'm one of those people who didn't see this amazing film up until just now.  And it is truly amazing.  I think about it quite a lot and it's been about two weeks since I've seen it.  No doubt that John Nash was a true mathematical genius, but he was also an extrodinary human being, as was his wife Alicia.  I say this because of the mental illness and the disease they both had to and have to live with.  It's an amazing testament to them both that they survive day to day with this......and this film alone does not do justice to that, but gives us a glimpse into that world.  <p>Ron Howard and Brian Grazer's personal journey to bring this to the screen is important. The DVD extras are wonderful, from the deleted scenes to makeup to music to meeting John Nash himself.  This is a DVD to definitely cherish in your library.  <p>But what haunts me most and why I'm glad I own this is because I need to watch it again.  I need to see what I couldn't see the first time.  Please watch this and try to understand what I can't begin to tell you.  Truly deserving of the Oscar it received, I hope you enjoy this magnificent film.
When I saw this movie in the theater, I had the pleasure of not knowing who John Nash was.  I spent half of the movie wondering....is he or isn't he?  Russell Crowe, like him or not, did a great job portraying Prof. Nash.  But what had me even more spellbound was Jennifer Connelly.  She made this movie what it was.  She held her own with Mr. Crowe himself. Her portrayal as John Nash's ever faithful, supporting and loving wife, Alicia Nash, very much deserved that Oscar she took home.<br />At the beginning you see Nash in his early years, when his schizophrenia was in its early stages.  As the movie progresses you see his illness develop into something that consumes his life and inhabits his ability to function in everyday life.<br />After being diagnosed, he believes he can find a way to cope with this without taking medication.<br />A Beautiful Mind is a great movie and a must have any DVD collection.  While I am not certain it was deserving of Best Picture, I Am Sam was in my unexpert, amateur opinion, it is definatley an upstanding film.
This DVD is packed with just enough extras.  As it comes on two discs, it also does a nice separation so that you don't have to flip back and forth between the two...  <p>On disk one, you have the typical movie in the usual formats with the director commentary.  On disk two, the extras are all available.  This DVD does more than talk about the &quot;Behind the Scenes&quot; or the &quot;Making of...&quot; filler that is always interesting, but seems to just to be the requisite extras.  The DVD contains a lot about the real John Nash -- from conversations with him discussing his theories to the real Nobel Prize acceptance ceremony. I particularly liked the discussion around the musical score and the discussion about how to communicate to the audience how John's disease was felt from his own mind to the perception of those who were around him.<p>As a movie, you probably already know that this won 4 Academy Awards -- so if you are a mainstream viewer, you will probably love it.  If you are not, you will still be impressed by the incredible acting of Russell Crowe.  The DVD I definitely give 5 stars.  The movie -- 4.5
I saw this movie for two reasons. I didn't think I would have to tolerate car chases and bomb blasts for two hours and the film, to be sure, relies on neither. However, I can't help but wonder why people are calling this a great movie. Although I like Mr. Crowe as an actor, his work in this film seems overly self conscious and his accent wears on you by the end of the film. The one bright star is the female lead. She is a wonderful actress and I hope to see more from her. If you want to see a truly great film get "Remains of the Day". Hopkings and Thompson define great acting in this film.....
A Beautiful Mind(winner of the 2001 Oscar for Best Picture) is an excellent movie in every way: acting, directing, cinematography, and the score.<br />  A Beautiful Mind starts out with Russel Crowe as John Nash starting school at Princeton. He is struggling to invent an original idea in mathematics, because that is the only way that he ever sees himself mattering in his mind.<br />  John succeeds, and five years later he is a professor at Princeton. There he meets a student, Alicia, that he falls in love with and marries.<br />  At this point in the story, John's sickness progresses is diagnosed. Then things really get bad for Alicia and John.<br />  Overall, A Beautiful Mind is a beautiful and perfect movie- in every way.
I didn't know what the hell was going on at first. I didn't know what to believe until I got to the end. I was wondering all through the movie "Is he crazy or not? The end had a magnificient ending proving that anyoone can overcome dissabilities and excel. I also liked the message that the wife sent to us movie goers and her message said to me to stand by the one you love, even if it may be tough. Go see the Movie. One Love.
This is a hard review to write.  There are alot of valid negatives I have heard about this movie but I keep coming back to how I *felt* when I saw the movie and that was over-whelmingly positive.<p>A movie is not a book and can't be and shouldn't be.  Movies too true to books are rarely good movies.  A movie also rarely is a good documentary... Or a good biography, for that matter.  A movie is a creative thing unto itself that has to have some amount of creative liscense just because of what it is.  It isn't the last word in any subject, it's not a history lesson.  I think it qualifies as entertainment.  That this had an overall extreamly positive message to me was a welcomed added bonus.<p>I think John Nash is a remarkable man.  I have read a few short auto-biographical pieces that he has written and they have the same wonderful yet quirky feel that I saw in Russel Crow's performance.  I think perhaps the movie captured his overall gestault better than it did actual events...but than I didn't go to see a news reel.  The fact is that there are remarkable people among us.  And within these remarkable people are people afflicted with mental illness.<p>To me this movie posed the questions:  Does the illness allow some people to escape the bounds of the rational and see solutions that others would not consider?  Does the illness itself generate the sparks of genius as well as the madness? or are they separate?  Would he have been the same without the illness?  <p>When I watch TV, and every mentally person is a homeless person or accused of a crime....or not ill but claiming to have *heard voices*...  it was, frankly, wonderful to see a portrayal  lives touched by illness with sensitivity.  To see there is actually a person beyond the illness and a family...and friends...  and success.  That the person is more than just the diagnosis.<p>No, it wasn't a direct biography.  Yes, there are inconsistancies.  If that matters to you, than perhaps you will be let down.  For me, this was an uplifting story of the stuggle of one man over mental illness and that transcended any one man...
"A Beautiful Mind" is a truly inspirational film... that really shouldn't work at all! Look at the subject matter: a withdrawn, socially inept mathematical genius comes up with a "Big Idea," has a nervous breakdown, wins a Nobel Prize, and lives happily ever after! (Not the usual mindless "blockbuster" fodder that fills the multiplexes!)<p>Okay, so that's a rather trite summing up of the film, but the story of John Forbes Nash is an inspiration in itself, and this filmed version, as opposed to the book, which I have not as yet read, has an immediacy that grabs you and immerses you in the troubled mind of our, ultimately, likeable and sympathetic hero.<p>Nash didn't have a nervous breakdown per-se, but suffered from schizophrenia for most of his adult life. Not wishing to spoil the film for you if you haven't seen it already, all I will say is that Nash saw and experienced people and situations that were pure figments of his imagination, driven by the secrecy and paranoia of a McCarthy era Reds-under-the-Bed state of mind, Nash became unable to distinguish fantasy from reality. <p>Nash's moment of revelation, his epiphany, came when he almost hurt his wife and child. From that moment on he became `self-aware' in a way that few people, I suspect, are capable of, he `reasoned' that he was `mad' and simply chose ignore the product of his madness, his visions and hallucinations. They remained with him, and as far as I know still do, but through shear force of will, he controlled them and integrated them into his everyday existence. They no longer had any power over him; he was, and is, in control of his life. <p>His Nobel Prize came about when a later generation of economists and analysts rediscovered his "Big Idea," and he was finally given the recognition that was long overdue. Without us knowing it, Nash's theories and equations touch us all as we live in a free-market economy.<p>"A Beautiful Mind" is a beautifully made film that I can't recommend highly enough. The difficult mathematical aspect of the film is handled in such a way as to make it immediately accessible to a non-Nash genius, and shouldn't put you off. Nash's life is truly inspirational, and this film should be seen by all, it shows how one man can overcome so much personal adversity, and still contribute so much to his family and friends, and ultimately to us all.
This is not the most beautiful movie. Sadly, though, it may be the most of the whole year. When I went to see this film I hadn't<br />know much on John Nash. I still do not! After sitting through (*shudder*) Russel Crowe, who you cannot escape anywhere, for 2 and a half hours, I had to find out the whole thing was a down-spankin'-right evasive flick with tomfoolery! Ron Howard is one of those... directors who loves to play around with real life and switch it' into an innocent, benevolent and tender motion picture. I urge you to take a look into his recent films: The Grinch. (His heart grew from 10 sizes to small to 10 sizes too tall--or something dippy like that.) Cocoon. Why, even Apollo 13 HAD TO HAVE Tom Hanks, and well, we all know the outcome of that. This movie is not about who you think it is about. It is about the little man inside Ron Howard's head telling him who and what to exploit and how. I doubt John Nash--the real man would have come close to saying Russ's speech here. There were so many distortions. John Nash had a child from formerly. Not utterly essential, but did it seem like the man in the here would have? John Nash engaged umpteen affairs and was arrested for incontinence with men. John Nash and his wife were divorced once--only to get back together. (Sound like the recent episode of "As the World Turns"?) He never made the cockeyed speech he did at the end, instead he pronounced, "The money could have been better". I'm sure already people have addressed this on here, but so, now I shall be. Okay, this movie was to be a piece of fiction with the fundemential basis of Nash's life. Well, paint the toad houses green, 'cuz it didn't work! This movie proved to be drawen out in many ways--so many times. One sleeper scene after another full of gush. Personally, I think this movie would have been much more interesting, if not appealing if it documented his real life. So people don't want see that they think? Well wake up to life! And what about the innumerable number of other films discommoding? This movie had no subplots. The only probelm seemed to be his schizphrenia. Big, it may be, but as we can see--it wasn't the only thing in his life. I found the characters to be 2-D. Where was Nash's past? Alicia's past? Any other fears, anxieties? Maybe it was about love's strength and depth. Maybe it was about his man's obstacle. Still, couldn't they have kept this with a little more dimensionality? Tricks, other than falsifying the truth were played on us to make us feel responsive to the illness. It was a repeat of ideas and twists long played out in Hollywood. By the time we found out the authenticity of the whole thing, Charles, the most compelling character of all wasn't even real. It took me more time that it should have to believe this man was conjuring up these people in his mind, for the fact I can't believe someone could envision anyone as horrendous as Ed Harris. Russel Crowe is vastly overrated, and he is everywhere, consuming chicken or reciting crippled poetic verses. Jennifer Connelly is as well, for I saw nothing distinct in her acting. I am telling you this movie did have some potential. It made it through at last. It may win the Oscars. In my opinion, though, it would take a bit more advancement. It completed well, we saw Nash's acheievements, but they did not even elaborte his work sufficiently! As for the title, there are many mental irregular people I know, and most of them can do things the universial joe can't--perhaps a lot more, such as we see here. These people can be beautiful and are--so kudos to that. I am done.
They don't pass out pens to revered professors at Princeton. And John Nash was, very briefly, a very good mathematician. <p>This manipulative tale plays upon all sorts of prejudices --eg &quot;if you're that smart something else must be wrong&quot; and somehow manages to ignore the fact that during this period, at Princeton, the urbane, sane, funny, and more brilliant John von Neuman not only invented game theory (to which work Nash's is essentially a special case), but also was responsible for the architecture of the stored memory computer (still the model for our CPUs fifty years later), and designed much of the theoretical and practical system by for US command and control of its nuclear forces-- in short he did what Nash is presented as fantasizing about.<p>So we have a celebratory film about a mathematician who did some good work, then went mad, and is now not so mad. That is not exactly a beautiful mind. . .
I have heard it said that brilliance is close to insanity. I do not know whether or not this is true, but A BEAUTIFUL MIND, helped me to see what a brilliant person goes through when they also suffer from schizophrenia and what they see and do. <p>This performance by Russell Crowe, as Dr. John Nash, a brilliant mathematician who, although unknown to the viewer at the time, shows signs of schizophrenia upon entering Princeton University, is Oscar calibre material as far as I am concerned. This is a true story about Dr. John Nash, who develops an economic formula which earns him a coveted position at Wheeler Labs. His brilliance at solving codes causes him to be approached by the Pentagon. <p>Not knowing that he was schizophrenic, I truly believed that he was involved in government espionage work and was becoming so frightened that he was showing signs of madness. Not knowing anything about the life of Dr. Nash, I had no idea what the theme of this movie was and found myself shocked to realize that Dr. Nash was "seeing and hearing things". I still do not know how much involvement was real and how much was imagined. <p>Jennifer Connolly gave an excellent performance as the wife who stuck by him through the good times and the bad, helping him to live with his illness and filter back into a functioning life,teaching at Princeton, and eventually earning the Nobel Prize in his later life. <p>Christopher Plummer gave an outstanding performance as the psychiatrist who tries to help him. Again, at first, there was doubt as to whether he was a "good guy" or a "bad guy". <p>The movie, directed by Ron Howard was riveting. It had humor and sadness and held my interest throughout. It was not until the end of the movie that we learned this was a true story. <p>I highly recommend this movie. It was rated "PG" and there is not any reason that teens cannot see it, or mature young people. There was no explicit sex and no extreme violence.
I was pleasantly surprised at the subtle and vicarious way this movie handles mental illness. It is an engrossing interior view of how brilliant mathematician John Nash and his decidedly courageous wife Alicia have struggled to thrive through five decades while yoked with his often debilitating schizophrenia.<br /><br />Kudos all around to the actors. If you can forget he's a prize jerk, Russell Crowe is mesmerizing. In fact, his character is also rude, arrogant, and brilliant - but still sympathetic.<br /><br />Jennifer Connelly's Oscar was not an aberration. She not only holds her own with Crowe but bests him on occasion. She has come so far from her fluffy eye candy days that it's like watching a different person. Brava, Jen.<br /><br />The greatest achievement, however, may be Akiva Goldsman's script. It takes a revelatory turn in mid-picture and completely opens John Nash's experience to you. Many have complained of too much artistic license and expository compression taken with the real story, but I believe these have not diminished the substance of what John and Alicia Nash have accomplished over the years. The gentle, gradual, yet never final triumph of their love and determination is well-served here.
One reviewer called A Beautiful Mind a "Goopy Treacle", obviously intending to impress us more with his high falootin' vocabulary than with his review. He even managed to review the John Nash book, which he never read. If your boundless intelligence puts you so far above the rest of the American race that it requires you to use the thesaurus' least used matches for common words (because common words don't properly display your vast intelligence), then American movies probably aren't your thing, anyway. I recommend sitting in a quiet corner and reading something Latin.<p>If the only way this movie can be a good one is if it follows an exact adaptation to the book, then you won't enjoy the movie.<br />If you think the only way a movie can be good is to exactly follow the book it's based on, then you're seriously missing out. <p>The movie was brilliant. The acting was excellent. The story was amazing. If you have a heart and a mind, this movie should appeal to you greatly. This was one of the most amazing films I've ever seen, and it should be watched by You and everybody you know. <p>There's something wrong with you if this movie doesn't grip you and make you think at the same time.<p>
If you want to be entertained, moved, and possibly inspired, &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; may do the trick - it is well-crafted, with superb, understated acting from its stars despite occasionally schmaltzy moments in the script. But if you want to learn about Nash the Nobel-winning mathematician, read the biography of the same title by Sylvia Nasar. <p>I really enjoyed this movie in the theatre. Unfortunately, when I read Nash's biography, I realized just how much had been sacrificed to create this tale of one man's triumph over madness. Nash's bisexuality, his earlier relationship and illegitimate son, his years of estrangement from Alicia, the combination of paranoid and megalomaniacal delusions that characterized the full-blown stages of his illness and the solid work he accomplished during treatment... all had been swept under the rug. Leaving them out made Crowe's Nash a simpler, more sympathetic hero, but in my opinion does a disservice to the equally humorous, tragic, and heroic story of the real Nash's life.
This is getting to be a pattern. In Gladiator, Russell Crowe falls from being ruling general of the Roman Army to being a gladiatorial slave. In a beautiful mind, he goes from being a mathematical genius to.... something far less.<p>And then he battles back, to return to a different kind of glory. <p>This is a wonderfully directed and told story with award winning acting from not only Crowe, but also Jennifer Connelly. She could win a supporting actress award.<p>But probably the kudos go most to Ron Howard who takes an intellectual, interior story about a mathematician and brings it alive. That's much harder to do than with an action story. <p>This movie has a nice surprise in it--  nice in that it sneaks up on you. Before long, this kind of a surprise, which other films  have demonstrated in the last few years, will become a genre all its own-- maybe call it the &quot;reality&quot; surprise.<p>Well, I've tried to talk about it without ruining the story. This is a story that uses all the levels of the roller coaster. It'll take you for a nice emotional ride. <p>It was fun, the day before seeing the movie,  to read an Op-Ed piece in the NY Times written by a former Princeton student who remembered the real professor, haunting the library. It brought an extra dose of reality to this film which is based on a real life genius who was awarded the Nobel prize. S.C. Gwynne wrote, &quot;a campus character we called Purple Sneakers, a harmless middle-aged crazy man who hung around the main undergraduate library.&quot;<p>&quot;This hapless fellow, who was easily recognized by his mismatched plaid clothing and purple or red high-top sneakers, stalked and spied on students as they walked in and out of the library. He was too silly to be frightening: he would sneak about with exaggerated, mincing steps that reminded me of old Bugs Bunny cartoons, hiding behind trees and peeking out at students as though we could not see him.&quot; <p>The character arc in this film is an unusual one, beautifully portrayed. There are some delicious lessons in it on humility, on what is important, on illusions, on genius.<p>This film is about insanity. You have to wonder. If a genius can see all the possibilities, doesn't that open him to the risk of seeing edges of impossibilities? And does that put him at risk of going mad? And is it worth the risk? Ahh. Such a beautiful mind-- like a rose-- with unexpected thorns. There are many flowers that grow this way. <p>Don't miss it.
I didn't hate this film.  I have seen plenty that are<br />much worse, and that were a greater waste of my precious time.  However, after seeing all the hype and all the award nominations, I came to this film with high expectations, and it simply did not deliver.  What could have been an extremely compelling story ultimately comes off as feel-good fluff much of the time.<p>Plenty of historical fact has been omitted from this movie, but that is no different than any number of movies that are &quot;based on a true story.&quot;  There is no big crime in this; if you want a faithful, comprehensive picture, go read a book.  This is a Hollywood movie, for crying out loud.  Trying to cram a person's entire life story into 136 minutes means that lots of details will have to be left out. <p>The problem is that the omitted details make for one hell of an interesting story!  Bisexuality, numerous affairs, an abandoned illegitimate child, a marriage that was much rockier than the film implied, rank anti-semitism...it all adds up to an individual who very complex and interesting.  The fact that the man has been a complete lout at times does not lessen the heroism of his struggle, or the significance of his achievements.<p>The fact is that just about all of us are equally capable of simultaneously being heroes and cads, but we prefer not to face the dualism of our existence. Here was an opportunity to confront that dualism, in one of its more extreme manifestations, and explore it.  Ron Howard could have done that, but he copped out and left us with a sugar-coated, pre-fab,<br />feel-good movie.
Well, maybe the oscar dudes have SOME taste left after all. Anyone with a good taste and a brain would've known the moment they laid eyes on the movie that it was destined to end up on a pedestal.<p>Crowe plays John Forbes Nash Jr., a brilliant real-life mathematician and Nobel Prize winner, now in his 70s, who's also a real-life schizophrenic. But when we first meet him as a Princeton graduate student, he's just another eccentric genius, a loner obsessed with finding a truly original idea. (He does; he writes a revolutionary paper on game theory.) <p>Director Ron Howard, working from an inventive script by Akiva Goldsman that makes use in turn of Sylvia Nasar's biography, does a crucial, and crucially understated, job of establishing the physical reality of Nash's world -- the campus, his classmates, his high-spirited roommate (Paul Bettany) -- with such authority that we feel we can taste the chalk dust on the blackboard. (Cinematographer Roger Deakins' work is as integral here as it is to the telling of ''The Man Who Wasn't There.'')<p>This tangibility is ''Beautiful Mind'''s beautiful achievement, the elegant solution to the problem of how to turn the biography of a man's head into an absorbing movie. And especially coming from Howard, a director renowned (and sometimes critically reprimanded) for pumping big gusts of inspirational wind through pictures from ''Cocoon'' to ''Apollo 13,'' this is news. Inspired, perhaps, by the existence of an actual, living Nash as well as by Crowe's superior bull-free talent, director and screenwriter have found a way to convey the sensation of schizophrenia from the inside out, not with a big raving and waving of hands but with a waiving of reality.<p>To say more about how is unwise, but I do want to say that Crowe ages as Nash ages. The academic geek who did so poorly with girls meets the beautiful student who will become his wife (Jennifer Connelly) at about the same time he meets the compelling government agent (Ed Harris) who recruits the professor to break codes. It's only long after Nash's schizophrenic break -- after he has struggled with treatment that dulls his thoughts and deadens his marriage, and after he has struggled to live with his illness on his own terms -- that this ''Mind'' gets foggy with uplift too.<p>Still, by then, the important movie work has been done: ''A Beautiful Mind'' has distinguished itself and enlightened its audience. No final speechifying and shots of Mrs. Nash's tear-glistened eyes can take away the remembered image of Crowe as a young Nash, solving equations on a windowpane, aflame with an inspiration very close to madness
Not that I expected a documentary, but playing John Nash's delusions straight for the bulk of the film and then jumping out and yelling "Surprise!" reminded me a bit of the Ewings trying to pick up their lives after Bobby died, in "Dallas," and then having him show up in the shower the following season because Pam was dreaming for all of last season. It was a cheap trick.<p>This film exploited Nash's schizophrenic hallucinations at the expense of the very real handicaps he had to overcome, and I didn't appreciate it one bit.
Although Crowe's behavior might have cost him the Oscar this does not take away from his brilliant performance as John Nash. I still don't understand how "A Beautiful Mind" could win best supporting actress and best picture and Crowe not win for best actor when his performance makes the movie. Conelly although good as Nash's wife is by no means better than Crowe and the movie would not have been what it is (a masterpiece) without Crowe's Performance. If your interested in the Psychology of the human mind or if you just want to see a great performance you should run to see "A Beautiful Mind".
Nobody would doubt that this is the big overall winner of the 2002 Oscars - one of the hardest-to-win Academy Awards competitions with big-budget movies like Lord of the Rings -  when A Beautiful Mind bags 4 of the most prestigious awards of the show. Based on a true story, Australian actor Russell Crowe plays Professor John Nash, an Economics Nobel Prize winner, who was (is?) suffering from schizophrenia, a mental disorder that cripples one's ability to distinguish between the real and the imaginary. Director Ron Howard displayed utmost flexibility in his art direction, creating an atmosphere of suspense, frustration and puzzlement in the first half of the movie by portraying the imaginary characters as real. The plot abruptly changed the spotline to Mrs Nash (Jennifer Connelly), a symbol of love and a countering force against the debilitating effects of schizophrenia. The story ended with a sweet ring of true love (not romance) that transcends all obstacles, and a bitter defeat of the 3 imaginary characters - the persona of schizophrenia. A beautiful heart has written a beautiful mind. With a strong musical backing and superb acting by Connelly and Crowe (though Crowe surprisingly lost the Best Actor award), one must give credit for the telling of a true story, which has proved harder than telling a fictitious story (look at The Insider and the cheesy Titanic). A 6 star movie, if I can give. Well done, Howard!
I was totally and utterly moved by this film! The performances were great, and the direction was perfect! Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connelly deserve the Oscars that they were nominated for. Great movie about a man's struggle with schizophrenia, and how he dealt with it. It's hard to believe that this actually happened. I was shocked. Twists and turns galore! <p>You'll love this film! Ron Howard also deserves an Oscar!
Was interested in seeing this movie after viewing an interview of Ron Howard by Charlie Rose on PBS.  I've enjoyed a number of his films in the past, and wondered how he would tackle this complex story.  I was so swept away by his delusions, I was disappointed to learn that they were mere products of his imagination.  Had heard talk of the psychological community not fully appreciating this film because it gives the false impression that schizophrenia is curable, when most cases are in fact not.  Still, an engaging movie, and I was surprised to see so many viewers in Honolulu for what I thought might be a "hard sell".  Due to the strength of his performance, Russell Crowell carries the film, and for this should be applauded.  I attended the film with a classmate who teaches courses in psychology, and she agrees with my assessment.
I didn't expect too much when I went to see this movie, but came away with renewed respect for Russel Crowe and Ron Howard. I've seen a lot of reviews that call A Beautiful Mind slick & superficial but I don't agree. I found it to be a well-done overview of the life of a brilliant and troubled man. There was enough pathos to give us the feel for it without turning the movie into a dark depiction of mental illness, and enough humor to make John Nash come alive. How can you sum up a man's life in 2 hrs? The only way I know is to pick highlights out of his life and come up with a poignant overview. Ron Howard successfully (in my opinion) does this.<p>By taking us into Nash's delusions it shows us how fine the line can be between reality and fantasy and that no one, despite obvious brilliance, is immune to problems. One of my favorite parts is when Nash is told that he seems haunted by his delusions. He replied that they are in the past and that everyone is haunted by their past. The impact of the past is controlled by how much attention (power) we turn over to them, not their existence in itself.<p>I thought that the entire cast was great and deserving of recognition. If you liked movies such as Moquito Coast, Mr. Holland's Opus, and The English Patient I think that you will like A Beautiful Mind. If you want action, see something else.
John Forbes Nash has the ability to see patterns in math and nature that are ordinarily overlooked. He presumably is pressed into using his ability for the government.  Alicia comes into his world and as with many great loves; she sees what others call weird, as a cute uniqueness.  We follow their courtship and then life together.<br /><br />It is the little things and the interaction among friends that make the movie.  This movie captures your attention from the beginning. You may be able to anticipate what is happening however it is not meant to be a dark secret with a twist ending as much as letting you in on what he is going through to survive.  All the characters are fleshed out and you feel that you are there.  This movie leaves a good after taste.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00006BSGJ">John Nash: A Beautiful Genius</a>
This is a typical Hollywood "based on real life" movie: some of the names are those of people who actually lived, but that's about as close to accuracy as it gets. The movie is a romantic gloss, a superficial ice-skate over a complex and painful story. In real life, Nash tried to escape from the USA, traveling around Europe and trying to renounce his US citizenship until the American government leaned on the French to have the poor man deported back to the States.  Likewise the "treatments" Nash undergoes in the movie bear no resemblance to what happened to him in reality.  And, of course, whereas in the movie his wife stays by his side through thick and thin, in real life she divorced him and left him to his fate.<br /><br />So, if you want to watch a standard Hollywood schlock romance flick with a bit of fake mental-health stuff thrown in, this is the movie for you. But if you want to understand Nash and his affliction, this reasonably well-acted piece is a total distortion and therefore a waste of time.
In the contest of love and Jennifer Connelly against the infinitude of chaos, the match goes to love and Connelly, 1-0.<br /><br />Mrs. Elizabeth Nash - as played long-sufferingly and with an understated intensity about her performance that can only be called gorgeous - is one of the several centerpieces of this memorable film.<br /><br />You don't get a clinical presentation of schizophrenia here, and the news coverage following this 2002 film suggests that you don't get a history of Princeton mathematician John Nash's life either.<br /><br />What you get are epic performances by Russell Crowe and partner Connelly, together with enormously assured supporting roles by Ice King Ed Harris and Paul Bettany, together with the kind of rich and textured cinematography that must have upped Princeton's application rate with its sheer autumnal elegance.<br /><br />Crowe's heroic battle against the delusions that plagued Dr. Nash's mind are gladiatorial in scope, though it would be difficult to imagine a role more restrained and internal where that famous acting played out violently and before drooling crowds. As one of Rome's famous gladiators, Crowe found redemption by bringing down a sinister emperor. Here he does so by quietly accepting the pens ceremonially laid before him by his Princeton colleagues and then by explaining that 'it is only in the mysterious equations of love that any logical reasons can be found.'<br /><br />Those who love or have been loved against the infinitude of chaos will understand Dr. Nash's discovery, regardless of whether the real Nash ever said those things from behind a Stockholm podium.<br /><br />Don't overlook this film when building your posterity collection. As human drama goes, a finely crafted fiction can ring more true than the connected dots of what really went down and who said what.
No matter what anyone else says, this one will remain one of the best films for a long time to come. Crowe's reputation will rest on it for<br />  the rest of his life (a couple more like this and he can join the great ones - it would help if he can keep his home in Coff's Harbour<br />  though!)<p>  This DVD version belongs in every serious film collector's library. It also belongs in every teacher's collection because of the message it<br />  brings and the way it touches our humanity.....why we have achieved what we have and what the hope is for our survival. And finally<br />  (and most importantly) because it makes an academic a hero....and we need so much more of that in our lives.<p>  Personally I found this film to achieve everything that Shine didn't. The DVD version is great because it gives you a crystalline<br />  soundtrack without too many extras packed onto it. You won't regret adding this one to your collection, believe me!
This is one beautiful film I had waited for for months to see after seeing Russell Crowe last year while on his US tour with his band. It lives up to its hype from beginning to end. Russell Crowe mastrfully takes the viewer on a journey to hell and back. A  FILM  NOT TO BE MISSED!!!
The story of John Nash, a mathematician, &quot;Beautiful Mind&quot; contains some of the best performances I've seen in quite some time. Russel Crowe is a marvel as the troubled John Nash, and Jennifer Connely leaves a foot print in Hollywood with her performance. The film keeps you guessing as to if this guy, John, is really sick or telling the truth about his &quot;illusions&quot;.<p>At the beginning though, I didn't quite see where the film was going, and to tell you the truth it bored me a bit, but after the first twenty minutes the film starts to pick up pace throwing us a few laughs here and there. The film is structured perfectly as far as emotions go, and the over all feel of the film is heart warming and memorable. Oscar winning performaces on both Crowe's and Connelly's part, whom I'm sure will get at LEAST an Oscar nomination. Definitely one of the best films of the year!
I thought this movie was wonderful! I must for everyone to watch! It was a beautiful movie that helped me understand this disorder more by watching this movie.
Had to have this video. Mental illness is so overlooked in our society and healthcare dollars are shrinking to help people suffering from it. Russel Crowe is great.
For those more interested in the life of Nash, one should consult the excellent book this was based on. As it is, this is a very good movie.
I recommend this movie to anyone whom has a loved one with mental illness. It helps them to understand a little better than not being well informed. As usual Russell Crowe is superb in his performance as an actor. A great must see movie.
This is the story of Dr. John Nash, an eccentric and enigmatic student. Princeton University is of prime importance here as far as the beginning of his schizophrenia. For a man that could see the solutions to problems that others would have said were impossible - or genius, even miraculous - it is not so far a stretch that he also saw people that were not there and in fact did not really exist.  The line between genius and insanity or brilliance and creativity is a fine one. And perhaps the people he hallucinated about, being his 'friends,' were what kept him from further demise (particularly the 'prodigal roommate' and his niece; the man in the hat, to a lesser extent). He was totally a self-made man of his own effort. As for insulin shock treatments, they supposedly were effective in about 50% of patients, and then perhaps due to brain damage.<br /><br />A wonderful movie. I am going to read the book next.
I read the book and watched the movie. Although the movie did not cover all aspects of Nash's life it was still a beautiful movie. Mental illness can be a crippling illness for everyone involved. This movie showed that John Nash did not stay in that awful place but once again became the productive person he wanted to be.
Its a must see movie, took me years to see it us i thought it was about math hahahaha.<br />Watch this flick!!!!
Captivating storytelling. Excellent performances from Jennifer connelly and russell crowe.<br /><br />-The struggles, problems, and obstacles are made absolute clear. I felt like I could relate with him on certain aspects. I felt compelled to utilize my skills and talents to my fullest ability<br /><br />- Not everyone will be a nobel prize winner, but everyone can have a beautiful mind.
One of the most unusual and insightful views of the mechanics of a schizophrenic mind.  It depicts the extraordinary courage of a man who triumphed over mental illness to achieve great things.  Amazing movie!
This has been one of my favourite movies since I first saw it. The score is beautiful and stirring (I have a thing for film scores though). The cast is fantastic. The acting is brilliant. It isn't one of those movies that just drags on and on, but it really pulls you in and you truly feel for Nash.
A Beautiful Mind is a great movie about how a person can overcome their daily delusions. It is a must for everyone.
Someone suggested I see this movie, Russell Crowe had not been one of favorite actors, but he did an outstanding job of John Nash, great movie, great acting.
Exciting to the last minute. Especially when you are interested in special ed kids, this is an excellent example how some brains work or dysfunction... Till; the last minute you are not sure about the outcome. Excellent movie!
For me, the movie easily held my attention through, a docudrama that is based in reality but perhaps acceptably dramatized for movie sake. For those interested in a journey through the life of someone with a mental condition, and efforts to cope, this movie is probably for you. If such concepts are not something you have the slightest interest in, there will be better movies for you. I was wondering how anyone could rate this 1 or 2, but after reading such posts I could also see from their perspective while clearly having a different perspective. I liked the movie a lot, and have watched it on a couple of occasions.<br /><br />It would have been better if there was more information presented, medically or biologically regarding Nash's Schizophrenia, or simply Schizophrenia in general. I think that viewers enjoying such movies would have appreciated this, but this was certainly thought of from the production team and I respect the movie for what it is. A beautiful movie.
Purchase process went great.  Bought the item.  Received it in a timely manner.
Although there are many movies about sports and the thrill of scoring a touchdown or home run, there are few if any movies that address the passion of intellectual achievement.  Sure, there are plenty of science fiction movies about somebody conceiving, designing, and building some amazing vehicle or weapon in one fell swoop, (like Cochran and warp drive in Star Trek) but these are no more than fantasies which bear no relation to actual achievements in science and engineering.  This movie about a character who we might (if we were to find ourselves in a sufficiently generous mood) be described as modeled on John Nash, comes close to bringing into view the world of applied mathematicians.  Indeed, the first half hour of the movie dealing with Nash as a graduate student, strikes a familiar chord.  Hanging out with your grad school buddies at the local pub to discuss the great issues of to day or to formulate unworkable strategies for picking up girls is wonderfully familiar.  The unification of these two activities into the epiphany needed to supercharge your Ph.D. thesis was very satisfying--even if it had nothing to do with anything John Nash had ever experienced--or had any true relation to his work.<br /><br />For my part, I don't care if any of this movie has anything at all to do with the real John Nash.  I just like the way this movie conveys the excitement of conceiving of and working out a brilliant new theory.  Never would I have thought that a scene consisting of someone scribbling on a few pieces of paper could seem so magical--and in a way that I can clearly identify with my own experience.  The seasons pass--but there is John Nash joyfully working with his equations and diagrams!  Also wonderful are the scenes involving Nash and his Ph.D. adviser.  From the initial point where the adviser regards Nash as a kind of goof-off grad student who neither attends classes nor publishes journal articles--to the point where Nash finally wows him with his wonderful new take on economics and game theory--it certainly rang true to me!  I also loved the Nash character's comment to a fellow student that "Classes will dull your mind and block the way to authentic creativity."  I hated grad school courses with a passion and could not wait to get out from under them!<br /><br />I was also taken with the story of Nash meeting and courting the nurturing woman who became his wife (played by the very appealing Jennifer Connelly, who won Best Supporting Actress for her role).  Her character reminded me of meeting my own wonderful wife--and of her efforts (similar to those of Nash's wife) to connect with me and bring me closer to something resembling reality.<br /><br />Of course most of this movie dealt with the rather extreme mental problems of the pseudo Nash title character.  These experiences are too far outside of my experience for me to identify with them in anything close to my visceral response to the film's portrait of Nash's alleged grad school days.  This mental breakdown part of the story is actually more interesting in Sylvia Nasser's book, in accord with the veracity of the old "truth is stranger than fiction" axiom.
Russell Crowe got robbed - I demand a recount.  Jennifer was great, but he needs more props.  Wonderful film.  Fantastic music.  Magical locations and scenery.
i love this movie. it's about a guy that goes undiagnosed with schizophrenia for years. it's more of a love story than anything.. thought provoking and emotionally raw at same time. definitely a tear jerker.
AFter Cinderella Man, this is my second favorite movie done by Crowe. Ron Howard the director and Crowe made a billiant collaboration here. All the actors were superb. No one else could have played Nash like Crowe did. He should have won an Oscar for this. I love the musical score as well. Captivating. A must see by all.
This film is based on the life of John Nash, the brilliant, Nobel winning mathematician and his extraordinary relationship with his wife, Alicia. I use the words `based on' deliberately as the film significantly strays from actual events and brings the spirit of Nash's life to the screen rather than being a true-to-life biopic. For those who want to learn more, I suggest Sylvia Nasar's book `The Beautiful Mind', which was also the source for the film. I do not want to say too much about the plot as if you have not yet seen the film, it will spoil the effect. The film attempts to put you inside Nash's head and experience events just as he did. For me, it worked extremely well. Try not to find out too much beforehand if you want to savour the full effect. Rest assured, however, that the film is very much about the human story of Nash and his devoted wife. The math, whilst integrated into the film in a variety of innovative and entertaining ways - the explanation of game theory has never been more interesting - remains in the background. The acting is superb: Russell Crow is revelatory in the role and how he missed out on an Oscar is hard to fathom. Jennifer Connelly did win an Oscar for her performance as Nash's wife, and the film also took best picture, best screenplay, and best director awards. They were well deserved. For a thoughtful, deeply moving, and incredibly inspiring film: this is it. If you manage to watch it without knowing too much about the contents beforehand, it can also be disorientating as well - just as Nash experienced his life.
This film is based on the life of John Nash, the brilliant, Nobel winning mathematician and his extraordinary relationship with his wife, Alicia. I use the words `based on' deliberately as the film significantly strays from actual events and brings the spirit of Nash's life to the screen rather than being a true-to-life biopic. For those who want to learn more, I suggest Sylvia Nasar's book `The Beautiful Mind', which was also the source for the film. I do not want to say too much about the plot as if you have not yet seen the film, it will spoil the effect. The film attempts to put you inside Nash's head and experience events just as he did. For me, it worked extremely well. Try not to find out too much beforehand if you want to savour the full effect. Rest assured, however, that the film is very much about the human story of Nash and his devoted wife. The math, whilst integrated into the film in a variety of innovative and entertaining ways - the explanation of game theory has never been more interesting - remains in the background. The acting is superb: Russell Crow is revelatory in the role and how he missed out on an Oscar is hard to fathom. Jennifer Connelly did win an Oscar for her performance as Nash's wife, and the film also took best picture, best screenplay, and best director awards. They were well deserved. For a thoughtful, deeply moving, and incredibly inspiring film: this is it. If you manage to watch it without knowing too much about the contents beforehand, it can also be disorientating as well - just as Nash experienced his life.
One of the best films ever made, and it came in top condition too!<br />It was all half-French, and my mother loves French, it was a gift for her, so all was perfect!<br />I am all gratitude!
It was a great experience. The product arrived earlier than expected and it was brand new.
This film definitely deserved all it's academy awards. This movie is amazing from start to finish and Russel Crowe does an amazing job portraying an intelligent man struggling with such a debilatating mental illness. This film will definately pull on your heart strings and get you inside Nash's mind and what it might have been like to be him. You also get to see the brillance of this man who won a Nobel Peace Prize. The special features add to the movie, answering some questions that the viewer still may have.<br /><br />If you end up enjoying this movie, I highly recommend checking out the book as well. It's just as engrossing. I absolutely love this movie. But be prepared to tear up during the movie! Every time I watch it I do.
great movie.  russell crowe does a bang up job.  he reminds me of richard burton and if he keeps his ego in check should be a fan favorite for years to come.
This movie is probably my favorite movie of all time, and that's saying a lot due to the fact that I own no movies but this one and do not own a tv or even go to the movie theater ever. It is rare that you see such a well put together film that takes you into the agonized mind and thoughts of someone suffering from a psychotic disorder.  This is a definite must see and addition to your video collection.
This is an excellent movie and a great teaching tool.  It vividly portrays Schizophrenia to those who are unfamilar with this condition.
A Beautiful Mind is not Crowe's best picture, perhaps, but it is one in which he shows his depth as an actor.  Having reviewed his performances in 3:10 to Yuma, Master and Commander, Gladiator, Cinderella Man, A Good Year, Mystery,Alaska, Proof of Life and others, I certainly would not have thought to cast Crowe in the part of a maverick mathematician but the casting works somehow. Crowe plays Nash's role convincingly and effectively communicates the awful agony of the schizophrenic mind.<br /><br />Jennifer Connelly plays Crowe's wife, Alicia Nash, in the film and makes the role her own.  I felt her terror and confusion as she grappled with her husband's increasing paranoia.  The scene with the baby in the bathtub took me to the edge.  Connelly plays the scene with just the right balance of panic and hysteria.  She richly deserved the Academy Award for her performance.<br /><br />A nod should be given to Ed Harris for his mysterious role as Parcher in the film. I originally watched the film because Harris played a part but found Crowe's portrayal gripping and somewhat disturbing.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1430326956">Liebestr&auml;ume</a><br /><br />I have heard of John Forbes Nash for some time, but I never fully realized what this great man has accomplished in his life. Besides being a true mathmatical genius, he has managed to "set aside" one of the most horrible mental illnesses known to man -- schizophrenia -- and do his outstanding work! I find his amazing abilities to see patterns in math, etc. no less than mind-boggling, as well as the fact that he has been granted, at overwhelming odds, the honor of one of the most prestigious awards that can be bestowed upon a man or woman! It is almost beyond comprehension. I more than enjoyed this movie and the superb acting by all the stars. I intend to buy my own copy of this splendid movie, and I also want to know more about this great man.
I've always been fascinated by hallucinations.  So this movie naturally appealed to me.  It made me think, "My gosh, what if I'm like this guy and I've had a friend who isn't real all along?"  Holy cow.  Spooky.<br /><br />And the worst thing about it is the guy's hallucinations never go away.  He just has to pretend they aren't there.  What a bummer.  And some of those hallucinations were his best friends at one point too.  Geez.  Star Trek The Next Generation could do six full-length episodes based on the content of this film alone.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in psychology, philosophical logic, insanity, or any combination of the three.  It can present you some mysteries, that's for sure.
Excellent ! A story especially close to me as my ex-wife suffers from this same disorder.
I didn't know much about Nash or his theories before watching this movie, and while I'm aware that the movie isn't a 100% accurate picture of his life, A Beautiful Mind still tells a beautiful story. Ron Howard does an excellent job at conveying the difficulty of distinguishing reality from delusion and the frustration that Nash and Alicia went through. Both Russel Crowe and Jennifer Conolly put in great performances, especially Russel Crowe. He is incredible to watch in this film; he brings intensity to Nash's character and portrays the changes in mannerisms flawlessly. The supporting cast is also effective and the whole movie was shot beautifully. Overall, it was thought provoking, moving, and very interesting to watch. Definitely worth it.
for those who want to see Crowe really lay the smack down as a skitzo man who sees invisible people and does an amazing job, well then this one is for you. with strong moments and a good cast including Ed Harris, Josh Lucas, Anthony Rapp, Adam Goldbgerg, Jennifer Connelly and Paul Bettamy. not the best film od 2001 one but its a good movie.
Outstanding acting, depicting the life of John Nash, Russell Crowe is excellent!  Heartbreaking story and yet one which shows the brilliant nature of people when they are in situations that would seem almost impossible to deal with, until they are forced to that is!<p>This film really is a must-see, lots of twists and turns, plenty of laughs and many tears, both on and off the screen.<p>I recommend this film, without a doubt, truly amazing!
oh, wow....this film absolutely blew me away, so much so, it's difficult to translate the feelings into mere words. It is so rich in textures, a once in a lifetime, brilliant performance from Russell Crowe, with understated, deft direction by Ron Howard, a light dance of inspiration that so rarely comes out of Hollywood. Opee you done well!<p>The power and emotion of this film, Russell's magick, is often nearly overwhelming. Few films affect you as deeply. The tale captures your from the start, gently rapping its hand around your heart and keeping you in thrall, as you follow the spiralling brilliance of genius on the edge of madness. Howard walks the tight rope, never fully revealing the cards he hold, keeping the viewer so convinced that these things are actually happening, though the other characters are telling you it was all in Crowe's mind. It gives you an unique position of 'experiencing' Crowe's delusions, so we more fully understand that delusions can be frighteningly as real as life. Instead of telling you this man suffers from schizophrenia, Howard and Crowe make 'your walk a mile in Nash's shoes', thus making your, for the first time, really comprehend what this disease does to the mind. How despite this all, Nash went on to win a Noble prize so this is a story of personal triumph.<p>Nash, an off the IQ chart mathematician, a socially inept Southern, is pulled into the superspy world by Ed Harris' William Parcher, who claims he is US government agent and needs Nash's unique talents. Christopher Plummer, another brilliant (but overlooked actor) actor gives to the link into reality, for both Nash and the audience, as Dr. Rosen, who treats Nash. Jennifer Connelly's performance as Nash's funny and loving wife, demonstrated a broader range of talent than we have seen from her; amazing to see the little girl who danced with Bowie all grown up and proving she is much more than a pretty face.<p>Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Supporting Actress, Best Adapted Screenplay and all well earned. The DVD is loaded with extras, like a commentary by Howard and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman, deleted scenes, scoring of the film, soundtrack and and other material on Nash.
Beautiful Mind is a  true story about John Nash, a brilliant mathematics scientist with a schizophrenic presonality. His schizophrenic side made him believe that he had a best friend and a top secret governmental job which required him to dicipher secret codes of the Russians from newspaper and magazine cuttings.  He met his wife, who was his stuednt , fell in love with her but never once did he tell about his secret government job,nor introduce her to his best friend meet, His illness was discovered and he was sent to a center where psychological illnesses were to be treated.  He got out of the center after a while and found a small job at Princeton University.  He closed himself up to the world of mathematics.  finally, one day, a student sought his help in math and slowly, Nash opened up to the students and helped tutor them.  His mathematical discovery eventually won him the Nobel Prize and the respect of the world. I was touched by the movie in two different aspects.  First ,it showed me that anything is possible. If someone with a major psychological illness could win a Nobel Prize, how can I not be a far greater person than I am how? second, despite all of the Nash's shortcomings his wife stood faithfully by his side. It further made me believe in the power of love and the divinity of marriage.  Nash could only  have gone through his trials with the love and support of his  wife.  She taught him that love was all that mattered.  It did not matter what others thought of him. I enjoyed this movie.It was very confusing but extremely sentimental at the same time.
The movie &quot;A Beatiful Mind&quot; is reali great. We could see that genius John F,&gt; Nash was godd with mathematics and physics, and cuold get a good job as professor at the Massachusetts College and also married one of his studen ts. But for reazon he saw 3 different unreal people thet tried to help him, but they didin't really . This situation brought to his life and his wife too. So he lost almost everything; than he had epecial medical attention for several years. Nevertheless, through time he worked with himself to again be was in the past.<br />  I really enjoyed this movie. One of the things that I like was the happy end. Even though the genius John Nash had trouble , he improved himself with hard work, and maybe he couldn't be the same person, but he didi his best and was awarded with the Novel Prize in 1994. It was wonderful. Also his wife loved him so much and she supported him to the end.<br />  In short, I suggest that you have the opportunity to watch this movie because it teaches us how we can improve ourselves trough sacrifice even trought If we fallen.
I knew that this movie was based on fiction. But I've got something to be made me think hard. John F. Nash is a real character. He is a famous economist. Also he made a great contiribution towards economy and mathematics. In the end he won a Nobel Prize for economics in 1994.<br />  But this movie focuses on his inner life. He had the ability to collect and arrange numbers and letters. He was a genius, but he was schizophrenic. He had confounded real things with imaginary things. He wanted to escape from the sticky situation. Finally he found  the solution and overcome a dease.<br />  I majored in economics at university. Well, I have been taught his theories. But I was more interested in his self-consciousness than his achievements. Whoever has handicap that is unwilling to be concealed. It is apt to be difficult to overcome such a thing. This movie shows us the way to solve and the importance of making much of ourselves.<br />  If you have some problems, watch this movie!...And it'll help you to solve the questions. Try it right now!!
Russell Crowe, impressive muscle man in Gladiator, became the genius mathematician in this film.  John Nash, the main character, entered in Princeton University. He always njoyed making new theories alone.  One day, his genius was acknowledged, and he took part in solving a password in pentagon.  From this time, he started suffering from an obsession, in which he was always being watched from Russian.  He always had a virtual image every where.  We can't know what real affairs were until the middle of this film.<br />Finally, the genius mathematician recognized his mental disease.  With his wife's self-sacrifice, he overcame the mental barrier occupied with a virtual image.  In last, he said to the man who let him know that he won the Novel prize "I'm crazy".  Then, many other scholars around him put their pen on the table in front of him, which was expression of admiration for the scholar of greater achievement.<br />We will see the most impressive scene this moment from the genius looks like abnormal man.  I would like to recommend this emotional film because of the concentration of his attention for mathematic is able to overcome his handicap.
I think this movie was kind of tricky because we didn't understand until the middle of the story. He met real people and unreal people, but finally it became clear. I think this is interesting point of this movie. After watching this movie, it gave us a feeling about &quot;True love&quot;and we will think about mental patients, love and what is most important in our life.
This movie is very interesting.  I think this movie is a true story and the story is very mysterious.  Dr. Nash is a very sad man because he had a disease because of his intelligence, but he could win the Nobel Prize after he had a lot of experience about his disease.  His wife is also kind to him.  She had been helping him to recover from his disease.  Though he saw some non-real people, he could recover from his disease.  I learned that it was possible to recover from the any serious problem.  I strongly recommend you to watch this movie more than once.
a bispic of the meteoric rise of john forbes nash jr , a math prodigy able to solve problems that baffled the greatest minds. and how he overcame years of suffering through schizophernia to win the nobel prise.<br />be warned<br />you will be board for at least half this film
This is a movie that recieved Academy Awards for a reason, it's much better than I thought it was going to be.  The best thing about this movie is the AMAZING acting.  You would think that Russell Crowe was really like that and they just filmed him one day.  Jennifer Connely was just as good as his wife.  It was a great movie, but it was just a little too slow for me.  Oh well, the great story made up for that.
After watching this movie last night, I am somewhere between the "This Movie was Pile of garbage" and the "It Won Best Picture So It Must Be the Best Movie Ever" crowds. . . .  I purchased the book several years ago, and it looked absolutely fascinating.  It looks even better now.  If this movie did nothing else, it inspired and motivated me to put the book by Sylvia Nasar way higher on my reading list for next summer.<p>Nash is/was obviously a tremendously complex man, regardless of his disorder, and to convey those complications in a two-hour movie is virtually impossible.  Howard took the easier road and omitted a pile of details regarding their marriage, some of Nash's personal views, etc., probably for the better.  Real scholars will read the book and get the "real" story from the biography; the casual moviegoer got a fascinating glimpse into the extraordinary life of a tormented genius.<p>What bumps my review up from three to four stars were the extras on the DVD.  Seeing the real footage of Nash accepting his Nobel Prize was a beautiful addition to the film, brief though it was.  I'd love to have seen and heard Nash's acceptance speech in that footage.  Some of Ron Howard's commentary, particularly as he described the deleted scenes and how/why they were left out, was very interesting.  They made the move of the two-disc format by piling on a bunch of extras, more of which I'll be exploring this afternoon and tonight.<p>Did Howard and Crowe manage to portray the "beautiful mind" of John Nash in their limited opportunity?  I'll leave that to the more irate and gushing reviewers.  Is it a "Pile of garbage"?  No.  Is it "The Best Movie Ever"?  No.  It is ambiguously somewhere in between, probably on the higher end of the spectrum--I've seen movies try to achieve more with less success. . . .<p>Bottom Line:  This movie kept me intrigued, off-base, guessing, and engaged for its entirety.  Not all movies can do that.  It also prompted and piqued my interest in the book, wherein I will obviously find a more thorough, detailed, and complete picture of John Nash's life.  Take a Hollywood movie for what it is:  a Hollywood movie. . . .
This was a good film, but not the great film its been portayed as.  The best scene is Jenifer Connley's sexual frustration outburst.  While I love Jennifer Connley she seems mis-cast for this part, she seems out of place and not believable in parts of the film, she is just too hot.  Russle Crowe was good but neither him or her deserved Oscars consideration for these performances.<p>Don't get me wrong, it is a good film, but it doesn't rise to the level of "great" others seem to think ...
I was interested in the story because John Nash is from West Virginia and wanted to learn more about him because I had never heard of him before the movie buzz about this film.<br />I had no real expectations of the film before watching it.<br />Masterfully directed.  The plot twist is unsuspected and you are not sure what is real and what is not.<br />Very touching.  Cried a few times.  The true hero of the story is Alicia.<br />Not sure how accurate the film is.  If any of it is true it is still a remarkable story.  Hope to hear more about Mr. Nash and his family.
The title and topic alone are enough to suggest that this is a very special movie ----not one car chase, and lots of food for thought, and maybe worry.  I knew some people in the 50s and 60s who went through shock treament in dismal institutions, like John Nash did in this film<br />And his determination to use his considerable math and reasoning skills to work his way out of scizophrenia was very inspiring.  Some critics on this web site bash director Ron Howard for not getting deep enough into the characters and the story, but hey, he and the cast and crew obviously worked very hard on this film to get it this far.  And I thought his treatment kept us involved in what could have been a very lengthy, complex film which might never come together.  He also demonstrated that while Nash was able to pull himself out of the depths by the force of his will and intellect, the cure was far from complete, and the struggle would be ongoing.<br />Let's have more movies like this.  Think of all the beautiful minds out there ---contemporary and historical, and how much we could learn about everyone from Galileo to Einstein to Sagan, and many more.<br />I can't wait for the next film in this genre.
A BEAUTIFUL MIND is just a mediocre film. After seeing such brilliant films as DONNIE DARKO, MOULIN ROUGE, VANILLA SKY, LORD...RINGS, MULHOLLAND DRIVE, etc., I fail to understand why this film was nominated for anything.<p>After seeing this film for the first time, I thought: &quot;Well... that was okay. What's for dinner?&quot;. The next day, I had a discussion with my aunt about the real John Nash. The more I learned, the more I disliked the film. <p>I can't believe that Academy Award winner (?!) Akiva Goldsman has the guts to take a rather intruiging life story, butcher it, and candy-coat it to make a 'nice little movie'.<p>If only Academy Award winner (?!) Ron Howard had made this a Rated R film and included the more intimate details of Nash's life, it would have been MUCH better.<p>Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, and Ed Harris do their best with 2-dimensional characters. I'm glad that Denzel won the Oscar for his flawless performance in TRAINING DAY, for Russell Crowe's performance was too lumpy and inconsistent. And although she had a smaller part, I think that Marisa Tomei should have won the Oscar for IN THE BEDROOM. Jennifer Connelly is an outstanding actress (see REQUIEM FOR A DREAM), but she is given absolutely NOTHING to do here, except forward the plot. And finally, we have Ed Harris, who is stuck in a role that amounts to nothing.<p>The biggest problem I had was not with the film but with the Academy of Motion Pictures, Arts &amp; Sciences.  In March 2002, the Academy gave Ron Howard the Best Director Oscar statuette, when he clearly did not deserve it.  Consider the competition.  With GOSFORD PARK, Robert Altman successfully juggled 23 celebrated actors and created two equally vivid worlds: the British aristocrats and their servants.  With BLACK HAWK DOWN, Ridley Scott used his inventive genius to display the raw power of war.  With MULHOLLAND DRIVE, David Lynch made the audience feel as if they were in a sustained, surreal nightmare that they could not wake up from. And with THE LORD...RINGS and MOULIN ROUGE, Peter Jackson and Baz Luhrmann (whom, shockingly, did not even score a nomination) transport the viewers into worlds they have only dreamed of.  But, quite frankly, Howard's direction is very bland.  It is good, but there is nothing very special about it.  This is not to say, however, that Howard is not a great director.  He is, but this was a simple misfire.
If you are interested in a touching character drama that casts a much-needed eye on the human condition, here's your film.  The relationships that are depicted seem very coherent and organic, running the gamut of natural reactions to situations that, though rare, are at least believable.  Even supporting actors seem to be putting their all into events in an attempt to make them matter to us.<p>The skeleton of the story is drawn from real life.  Gifted mathematician John Forbes Nash, Jr., uncovers a previously unknown economic principle, proving that capitalism only works when vain self-interest is sometimes sacrificed to the greater good.  (We all knew that, of course, but he proves it using the numbers.)  He gets a plum appointment to an MIT/Defense Department project, meets and marries a girl, and then suddenly suffers a profound psychotic break.<p>If you're not too religious about your character dramas, you'll like this one.  It tries to investigate what in this world is real and what isn't; it tries to find the human core of a man who has lost touch with reality.  This film won a bevy of awards, and no wonder.  If you've seen it, you'll know why ...
Another Performance that Russell Crowe deserves the Oscar for...He was mesmerizing, taking the audience on a journey into the madness of mental illness....so believable it was scary...a must see for everyone.. The love story Crowe and Connelly created was a Gem..Loved It.
This is a fine movie, a good film, watchable, enjoyable, entertaining and, at times, informing.  What it is not is groundbreaking, compelling, affecting or, simply, great.<p>Russel Crowe's performance was typically good, but nowhere near his stunning turn in The Insider.  In this movie he is playing the troubled genius, and there's really nothing all that new to his performance.<p>Beyond Russel Crowe, everything else is sort of facile.  Technically well executed, the film simply doesn't have the impact that many of it's reviews--and accolades--would seem to indicate.
While many complain that Ron Howard whitewashed much of John Nash's life in A BEAUTIFUL MIND, those same fail to acknowledge that the film as it stands is in and of itself quite a strong picture. And while those same people scream of sentimentality throughout, there is nothing here that suggests anything sentimental or even likable about the person of John Nash. Granted, there are a few moments where scenes with his wife teeter on sappy, but overall I think the film depicts rather well the horror that must have been, and still is, Nash's life as a schizophrenic. The acting is uniformly excellent--Russell Crowe shows far more of his capability(and should have got the Oscar) here as an actor than in GLADIATOR The supporting cast is also first-rate--Jennifer Connelly gives a quiet, beautifully restrained performance as Alicia Nash(and I think it's safe to say the Oscar wasn't completely unjustified), and there's also equally fine work from Ed Harris, Paul Bettany, and Christopher<p>Plummer. Best Picture of the year? Nope, that would have been LORD OF THE RINGS. But I think this is a solid second choice.
"A Beautiful Mind" is suspenseful and thought provoking. Russell Crowe is probably the most versatile actor on the screen today. As the mathematician John Nash he's convincingly humble and over confident, paranoid and brilliant.  The movie centers on Nash's accomplishments and his schizophrenia.  The surreal effects and scenes make "A Beautiful Mind" more dramatic and cohesive than historically accurate, but as a film it succeeds in both informing and entertaining.  <p>"A Beautiful Mind" is nearly three hours long, but well worth the time. You'll remember the scenes long after the film is over. It's one to discuss with friends.
This two disc set is worth the money. Regardless of the stock you put in the decisions of the Academy of Motion Pictures, this film is still quite good and affecting on numerous levels. It seems that almost any film-not just a best picture winner-can get the glossy treatment of a two disc release. I have often wondered who had the brilliant idea to do double disc releases or special editions of pictures that, in my perfect world, would never EVER have been made, much less released on DVD ("Baseketball" anyone? The Adam Sandler catalogue-excepting "The Wedding Singer" of course) In this case, the discs contain a lot of info, but none of it seems terribly compelling, save for Ron Howard's home video footage of Dr. Nash explaining his equilibrium theory. The section on the music of the film for example, seems short and rather dull like so many other DVD's which feature special segments on the soundtrack. James Horner talks about how he tried to harness the moods that he experienced while watching the film. Hardly mind-blowing. I think that's what ALL composers do...<p>There are other extras that seem fine-not bad, not great either. (The standard for DVD was clearly set by the Ultimate Edition of Terminator 2, a film and package that deserves the treatment it received.) The picture quality is quite good, I have not experienced any pixelation yet. I don't know that I would have picked this film for best picture, but I certainly don't hold the view of some who say it should not have even been a contender. What makes the film compelling is that it is loosely based on the life of some real people. There have been ample opportunities for people-including the real Dr. Nash-to bash the film. He and wife Alicia have not. It's hard to imagine how some of the excised portions of the book could be sucessfully worked into the film without it become completely unfocused and disjointed. Howard states as much in his [usually] interesting feature length commentary.  Almost all of the deleted scenes are great and-in my opinion-should have been left in the final cut. <p>If his goal was to portray a man's struggle with schizophrenia and his journey through self-discovery and the discovery of love, then he suceeded. Take the film for what it is-a good drama and an inspiring story. <p>To the reviewer who didn't appreciate Howard's treatment of the disease, go watch any number of depressing films dealing with mental illness and tell me we don't need a bit more hope in our worldview of it. Who's saying everyone with Dr. Nash's illness can be so easily 'cured'? When we see Dr. Nash with his old friend-now head of the department at Princeton-his friend asks him if 'they are still there', refering to the three characters that Nash imagines. "Yes" Nash replies. And when the man from the Nobel committee asks Dr. Nash about his delusions, Nash states "I still see things that are not there. I just choose not to acknowledge them. Kind of like a diet of the mind." So clearly, Dr. Nash himself has NOT been cured. [On his commentary, Ron Howard goes to great pains to describe the research that went into the film, the care that was used to ensure that the disease was treated in a proper manner.]  He has, however, learned how to COPE with an illness he still struggles with-Isn't this an uplifting view of mental illness? Hello?
The previews of this movie are very misleading. It is in fact a terrific film about early psychology. I can't say to much or I would give away the movie, but not only is it a great film about Psychology, it also shows how innovative Nash's theory has been. An incredible film from an amazing director with the ultimate cast.
Superb!!  The only thing better than a good movie is a good movie based on true fact.  The movie story was good.  The fact that it really happened made it great.  It was interesting, captivating, and just plain enjoyable to watch.  It is easy (if not desirable) to envision yourself as being the professor, to imagine possessing such intellect.  Best of all, the conclusion won't let you down.
I don't want to give too much away about the film, but I want everyone to know that this is a fantastic story.  Ron Howard has made a masterpiece.  Russel Crowe and Jennifer Connely are equally amazing.<p>If you liked heartfelt story of &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot; then you will really enjoy this film as well.  Russel Crowe plays a student with an unparalleled gift for mathematics.  The story follows about 50 years of his life, and covers many tribulations, pains, and joy that he faced.<p>The film is based on the true life story of John Nash, and it does so in a very engaging way.  I highly reccomend this film.
I usually enjoy Ron Howard Films&this is a Good Film but mainly because of Russell Crowe who to me Should have gotten a Co-Oscar for His Performance Here.I think He&Denzel Washington both gave Great Performance's thsi Year to Each get a Award.without Crowe's Performance this Film is another Long-winded film.the film glosses over many things in the Book&it hurts the film in that process.this film kinda reminded me of "Rain Man" for some strange reason.I think because the fact that Crowe is so Gifted as a Actor&His Persona was shaped rather well with the Role He was playing.
This by far is the best movie I have ever seen! It had me hooked until about half-way through, then I suddenly clued in! I thought the story was really good, all the actors (especially hottie Russell Crowe) were awesome!! Definately a MUST see!
'A Beautiful Mind' is one of the most heartwrenching, deeply emotional and moving films that I have ever seen.  Russell Crowe gives his best peformace yet for a Golden Globe winning performance as John Nash, the nobel prize-winning schizophrenic math genius.  Crowe's brutally honest performance sheds some light on the often misunderstood disease.  I walked out of the theater in shock because of Russell Crowe's performance, it was truly touching.  Nash's wife is played flawlessly by a wondrful Jennifer Connelly.  Connelly brings genuine emotion and feeling into this key character.  Connelly's performance also snagged her a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress.  Ed Harris is also wondeful is his role.  I won't talk too much about Harris's role for fear of giving something away!  Akiva Goldsman's brilliant Golden Globe-winning screenplay has many of these sorts of surprises, twists and turns.<p>Critically acclaimed director Ron Howard fills 'A Beautiful Mind' with geniune emotion and heart. I found myself personally touched by this film a number of times.  It's pretty shocking how heartwrenching 'A Beautiful Mind' is at times.  I found myself enveloped in tears along with my friends a number of times while watching this film.  If a film can touch you in the way that 'A Beautiful Mind' did for me, you know that it must be a wonderful film.  Fortunately, 'A Beautiful Mind' snagged the Best Drama award at the Golden Globes the other night beating out films such as 'The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring' and 'In The Bedroom'.  I also feel that the original score for this film by the legendary James Horner deserves some recognition.  Read my review of this deeply-stirring Golden Globe nominated score.
This is a truly touching film. If you are not familiar with the story I will only say that to give away any details of this movie would be inappropriate. A BEAUTIFUL MIND is slow, lethargic yet remains intriguing and emerges into a heartfelt statement about our true selves and the meaning of love, commitment and the essence of mind and being. Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connelly give brilliantly realistic performances and make this film work. A lot also has to be said of James Horner's insightful and moving score, which only enhances the viewer's insight and response to the film's statement.  This film is beautiful and one of the best to come out this year.
I enjoyed this movie from beginning to end. Russell Crowe's performance was extraordinary. He convincingly portrayed math genius John Nash, an oddball who sank deep into schizophrenia. His wife, well played by Jennifer Connelly helps, see him through his disease as he overcomes it, becoming a Nobel Prize winner for his &quot;game theory.&quot; Director Ron Howard gets us into Nash's mind as he is having his delusions and, therby lies one problem with this movie: you cannot get into someone's mind. The depiction of Nash's delusions, of necessity, must be somewhat fictional.<p>There are a number of other areas where facts have been skirted. First, the movie depicts Nash getting married and becoming a father. We don't find out that Nash already had a son through an earlier affair with another woman. Secondly, Nash's wife is an extraordinary woman who exhibited great stregnth but, she got divorced from Nash (and later they remarried). Again, the movie does not depict this. Thirdly, Nash shared the Nobel Prize, i.e., he was a cowinner. From the movie you would get the impression that he was the sole winner. Fourth, the movie depicts a tradition at Princeton where estemed elders of the math department are honored in a ceremony in which their colleagues present them with pens. There is no such tradition at Princeton. Finally, Nash makes a moving speech when he receives his award. However, the Nobel Prize is not an academy award .. there is no speech given by winners.<p>This movie is very moving and it helps us to get to know the story of John Nash. And, indeed, it is a wonderful story. However, when a movie distorts the truth, no matter how good the movie, I knock off a star in my review thus, four stars for an otherwise superb effort by director Ron Howard.
This is a film that is a Master of all it does. Every scene is so carefully calculated and so astoundingly executed. The cast is captivating! It took me some time to realize that Russell Crowe was not remotely like John Nash in real life - he completely embodies the role, convincing you with every gesture, every glance. Jennifer Connelly starts off slowly, but suddenly snaps to life as a woman that demands your attention and respect. Paul Bettany excels in his role - he is immediately likable and twists your emotions as you find him to be "the enemy". While all the actors are at their best, they carry the movie along subtlety, letting the enthralling story take center stage. Ron Howard's superb directing makes the first viewing an instantly powerful experience, but has many fine details than can only be picked out from numerous viewings. For instance, the subtlety of the hallucinations. When the little girl is running through the grass and around a flock of pigeons, none of the birds move or are startled by her frolicking in close proximity. Watching closely, you will find many moments such as these, which can still be quite chilling on the 3rd or 4th viewing. The character of Nash is, of course, the central point of the movie and he is a deeply pitiable and complex character. His imaginary friends fulfil what you see to be his deepest needs - Charles, the friend who always listens and cares("somebody needed a hug") and Parcher, the ego boosting agent who makes Nash a "somebody"("You are simply the best natural code breaker I've ever seen"). Even when you find out that they're merely characters in his mind, you long to believe him and slowly let the film lure you back into considering if he could possibly be right. When Alicia finds the shed and you hear the radio inside, you find yourself hoping against hope that she'll open the door to discover her husband's secret service agents working away to find the bomb. His journey from loneliness to love, from recognition to accomplishment, from brilliance to insanity and back is depicted in a powerful and memorable way.  Beautifully begun, beautifully unraveled and beautifully concluded... this is truly a Beautiful movie.
Ron Howard's "A Beautiful Mind" is a tragic and inspiring masterwork that showcases one of the most impressive acting performances in recent memory.  If there were still any lingering doubts as to the extent of Russell Crowe's acting prowess, this film dashed them all.<br /><br />John Nash (Crowe) is a brilliant mathematician who makes an amazing breakthrough in his field while a student at Princeton.  After graduating, he teaches at M.I.T. while working for the federal government as a code-breaker.  He begins a relationship with a graduate student (Jennifer Connelly) and soon they are married and settled into a quiet domestic life.  However, Nash soon starts to see patterns and associations of information everywhere and it is soon discovered that he is suffering from schizophrenia.  Serious questions as to his perceptions of the real world, both in the past and in the present, must now be confronted.<br /><br />Virtually all aspects of "A Beautiful Mind" work beautifully.  Howard's confident direction and the strong lead performances by Crowe and Connelly is the glue that holds the entire production together.  However, the important contributions made by supporting actors Paul Bettany, Ed Harris, and Christopher Plummer, composer James Horner, and screenwriter Akiva Goldsman should also be acknowledged.  "A Beautiful Mind" furthermore deserves credit for not sentimentalizing Nash's struggle against mental illness.  The darker aspects of his tortuous road to recovery are not avoided and are unflinchingly presented warts and all.  It is a credit to Crowe's talent that we come to know John Nash so well and come to care so much for him.  Nash's life is an amazing story and "A Beautiful Mind" is an amazing recounting of it.
Highly riveting film with a super performance by both Russell Crowe and Ed Harris.  Even though the director changed John Nash's life a great deal to make it a more entertaining movie.<p>John Nash, a genius who came up with a business model that was adopted by many businesses, is a social oddball that is so dedicated to his studies that he has absolutely no concept of social skills.  He finds it a task to even make the slightest bit of conversation with a female.  The only person he seems to get along with is his college roomate (later we find out that this roomate is not what he seems).  His genius attracts a government agency that employs him briefly as a code breaker.  There he meets Ed Harris, who is not what he seems either.  Ed has him working on top secret work that involves breaking secret transmissions from the Russians.<p>Everything then starts to unravel and we learn the truth about the people that seem to influence John the most.<p>Crowe gives a super performance in probably the role he was born to play!
Russell Crowe did an incredible job of portraying the real-life story of Princeton Professor John Nash, a brilliant mathematician who won the 1994 Nobel Prize, despite his dysfunction due to schizophrenia.  My heart went out to this amazing man for all he suffered; his perseverance tugged at my heart strings; and I was heartened by his wife standing beside him through thick and thin.  I'm  highly encouraged that Professor Nash managed to kick his dependence on the schizophrenia medicine and go on to reach some of his major goals in life.<br /><br />Thanks to the brilliant directing of Ron Howard, A Beautiful Mind is one of those bittersweet movies with a satisfying ending that left me feeling good about life and the human conditiion ... a lasting impression of "hope."<br /><br />Russell Crowe and the entire cast are to be commended for their sensitive, caring performances in this fine drama.<br /><br />SIDENOTE: You may have noticed that Amazon has made some changes to its website. If it looks the same to you right now, look out for a new format that will be rolling out gradually in the weeks to come.  If you can see the changes, especially the review format, I'd like to know what you think. Please leave me a comment with your opinion.<br /><br />"Love the new look" or "Hate the new look" comments are perfectly acceptable.<br /><br />My e-mail address is at top of this review.  Thank you for your time."
After all the hype and Oscars, I thought I'd better get around to watching "A Beautiful Mind".  While the first half of the film steers you completely and deliberately in the wrong direction... which is very clever when the secret is revealed, after this the second half of the film seems to go downhill toward a typical Hollywood-esque weepy finale.  While I really tried to like the main character, Mr Nash, I found I didn't really care! After the closing titles rolled, I felt the film was desperately trying to out-do "Shine".. but with all the film's fancy camera work and ageing make up, it didn't quite manage it. If you want to watch a film about mental illness which has great acting and real emotion... Watch "Shine"!
"Only those who know the supremacy of the intellectual life-the life which has the seed of ennobling thought and purpose within it-can understand the grief of one who falls from that serene activity into the absorbing, soul-wasting struggle with worldly annoyances."<br />-George Eliot<br /><br />In September, 1947, mathematical genius John Nash spends his time attempting to distinguish himself with a completely original idea at Princeton University in lieu of attending classes. He distances himself from the other students with his introverted and eccentric behavior and admits he doesn't really like people. He is so consumed with thought, he neglects his most basic needs and becomes so absorbed in his own serene thought processes he forgets to eat and sleep.<br /><br />In fact, no one can really relate to him until he meets a beautiful student who attends one of his classes. Alicia (Jennifer Connelly) seems to have the patience to work through situations in real life, that Nash doesn't have time for or is not concerned with. His mind won't let him deal with real life and he is tossed into an unrealistic fantasy by delusions that seek to destroy him. Alicia falls for his mind, they marry and her emotional IQ is so high that she truly shows her husband unconditional love.<br /><br />He enters an imaginary life in which he helps the government break codes in magazines. His wife becomes increasingly aware of his mental condition and tries to help him see what reality truly is. She needs to believe that something extraordinary is feasible. She believes he can conquer anything. The problem is, he is suffering from a mental illness which is seeking to destroy his world.<br /><br />As he descends into a world of his own making, schizophrenia takes over and he has to take medications that interfere with his ability to "do his job." This causes him immense grief and he lacks purpose. His job actually turns out to be completely of his own imagination. This espionage part of the story is absorbing and exciting. The emotional elements are highly rewarding and the actual love story was for me at least, overwhelmingly beautiful.<br /><br />Through John Nash's life he learns what is truly important and in that is the true beauty of this story. Ron Howard shows genius in his ability to so capture your heart with his directing.<br /><br /> A Beautiful Mind will draw from you those exquisite emotions only a story of great depth and sensitivity can. The characters are genuinely persuasive and screenwriter, Akiva Goldsman crafted one of the most intelligent scripts to date. An exceptional score reflects a complex backdrop of emotions and in this mirror of music the rays of reflection will touch your soul.<br /><br />A Beautiful Mind is an eloquent portrayal of John Nash's life with an emphasis on the emotional torment mental illness can evoke contrast with the sheer beauty of love.<br /><br />Highly Recommended!<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
The real life story of John Nash plays out as engaging and interesting as some of our more well thought out fiction.  Now, as some have already noted whether here or in media scrutiny, not all of this film follows Nash's life accurately.  Some of this film is fictionalized, but isn't that for the most part what always happens.  Just because it's a true story doesn't mean Hollywood doesn't feel the need to tamper.  At least here the tampering does not by any means take away from the power within the film and the performances that dominate.  Nash's life story is still portrayed effortlessly and beautifully, compelling and entertaining and full of just about every aspect of a priceless and award worthy film.  `A Beautiful Mind' truly has it all.<br /><br />Russell Crowe here delivers a breathtaking performance as John Nash, a brilliant math student who gets to the top only to tumble back down to the bottom at breakneck speed.  Living a life that in the end appears mostly a lie, Nash eventually is diagnosed with schizophrenia.  At this point in his life, married with a child and working a steady job, Nash and those around him are finding it difficult to differentiate reality from the creations of his mind.  The movie then turns its focus on Nash's recovery and the effect his sickness has on those closest to him.<br /><br />Crowe is truly the star here, swallowing whole this character driven study on the human spirit and determination to survive.  He engulfs the screen and makes this mans plight come alive for the audience.  What's commendable here is that Howard's directing and of course the script, adapted from Sylvia Nasar's biography, allow for the viewer to really connect with the entire cast, most importantly Nash himself.  This proves effective because once Nash's life is shattered before our very eyes and he begins to crumble we are brought to a place deep within our emotions that would have been impossible to touch had we not come to know Nash before his world came tumbling down.  We fall in love with this man and so we feel his pain, his wife's pain and are emotionally distressed alongside them both.<br /><br />Alongside Crowe both Jennifer Connelly and Paul Bettany deliver astounding performances as Nash's longsuffering wife and imaginary best friend.  Jennifer's Oscar winning performance is full of so much life, so much pain and emotional attachment that we can relate to and understand her feelings every step of the way.  We watch her transform from this woman who knew how to control the things around her, including Nash, to a woman scared of what was going to happen next, a woman who felt detached from all she thought was real.  Bettany's portrayal of Nash's college roommate is high spirited and refreshing.  He serves as our brightest comic relief but also our biggest heartbreak as we watch Nash realize he never truly had his friendship at all.<br /><br />Crowe, one of our finest actors, is a true chameleon and he engages himself so far into this role that he becomes John Nash, and watching that transformation is utterly rewarding.  His determination and fervor are so invested in this performance from the moment he appears on screen that one is automatically drawn to him and connected to him entirely.  From start to finish `A Beautiful Mind' proves itself worthy of our attention and consideration and is sure to astonish and amaze you.  From its heartbreaking story to its brilliantly crafted direction to its powerhouse performances, `A Beautiful Mind' is a winner from the top of its head to the tip of its toes.  The well rounded supporting cast including the likes of Ed Harris and Josh Lucas continue to astonish in their respective roles and aid in delivering one of the warmest and beautifully articulated Hollywood experiences.  This, my friends, is what going to the movies is all about.
John Nash won the Nobel Prize in economics in 1994 for work he had done as a Princeton grad student in the 1940s. In between, schizophrenia hounded him. His wife is the real hero. The film glosses over the seamier aspects of Nash's real life (see the biography by Sylvia Nasar), and gives the impression that lots of love will cure mental illness (wrong), but this is still a moving film that explores the borders between genius and madness.
So John Forbes Nash is now (almost) a household name. With good reason... the Nobel prize mathematician's story is a good one. It deserves attention... and director Ron Howard did a wonderful job of creating a masterful piece of Hollywood cinema. Based on Nash's experiences at New Jersey's most famed learning establishment, Princeton University, thru the development of his economic theory ("Nash's Equilibrium"), his marriage to Alicia, and his eventual work at MIT. Imagine if Robert Redford directed and Tom Cruise played the part of Nash as it might have been (they both considered it). I can't see this film being much better... however it would be kind of interesting to see another great director's (and the actor's) take on the same script. Russell Crowe takes the challenge of portraying the man with a chip on both soldiers (in this case schizophrenia), Mr. John Nash, right in stride with his previous preformance as Maximus in "Gladiator". I can't imagine anyone else playing this role of Nash as well as Crowe did. Co-stars Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, Christopher Plummer, Paul Bettany and Judd Hirsch round out a wonderful supporting cast. Footnote: Alicia (Connelly) was maybe to evenly tempered in this film thru all of Nash's emotional ups & downs... almost too much so (a performance worthy of an Academy Award... I'm still sitting on the fence about it... it was good, but it wasn't brilliant). Beautifully filmed - partly on location (Princeton Univ, NJ). This is how drama should be. "A Beautiful Mind" will make you think - Is he imagining all this? Yes he is... no he isn't, yes, no, not sure, those people in the shed behind their house ARE real, no they aren't... yes - he is delusional. DVD features include commentary by Ron Howard, deleted scenes with Howard's commentary, meeting John Nash, special effects featurette, and more. Oscar winner for best picture, best director for Howard, best supporting actress for Connelly, and best adapted screenplay. Ron Howard's movies just seem to get better and better... sheriff Andy Taylor must be proud of his favorite TV son.
&quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; is one of the few films to look at mental illness in a real and positive way. It is also an amazing motion picture. Concerning the story of brilliant mathematician John Nash, played by the brilliant Russel Crowe, and his wife Alicia, played by the luminous Jennifer Connelly, &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; succeeds in taking the audience on an often intense and emotional journey where you care deeply for the characters.<p>The film follow Nash from his college days at Princeton University where he makes a groundbreaking discovery, to his winning the Nobel Prize in 1994. John Nash courts Alicia, a beautiful young woman who is his equal intellectually and emotionally. They eventually marry and have a son, and then John is diagnosed with schizophrenia. I won't disclose the film's jaw-dropping twist, as some reviewers have. Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman have come under fire for &quot;cheating&quot; the audience, but this method was used to make the viewer aware of how schizophrenia works, and the huge effect that it has on people's lives.<p>&quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; would not work without the central performances of Russel Crowe and Jennifer Connelly. Crowe makes Nash such a rich and absorbing personality that you cannot help but be riveted to him. He works with subtle gestures and eye movements to personify John Nash, changing his entire body to be that of the character. That is real acting folks. This film is one of the chief reasons why Russel Crowe is one of the best actors working now. He makes us sympathize and love Nash, but never pitying him. Jennifer Connelly follows her amazing performance in &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; with this role. As the wife of the mentally tormented Nash, Connelly creates a woman of enormous strength and loyalty. She is every bit Crowe's and Nash's equal, and deservedly won an Oscar for her subtle and emotional work here. Together these two actors create two noble and real characters. Ron Howard also is excellent his his direction of the film, never letting the events become sensationalized or melodramatic. It is always real and heartbreaking.<p>Above all, &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; is the uplifting story of a man who was able to conquer the demons within himself. As the elderly Nash says to Alicia in his Nobel Prize acceptance speech, &quot;You are the reason I am here. You are all my reasons.&quot; It is a triumph of a beautiful mind, a beautiful man, and a triumph of unconditional devotion and love.
There is not much more to say about this movie except that it is excellent. You may have to watch it more than once to really understand the seriousness of mental illness. Anyone that has any type of mental illness in their life-whether themselves or a family or friend will completely be able to relate to this movie. It is done beautifully, tastefully and carefully. Also a true story.
I purchased this DVD through Amazon because of the price, availability and delivery. I incorporated it into a mental health unit for high school students. The students loved the movie- it took three days of classs to view- and I got good feedback from them regarding the characters mental health issues. An excellent movie for all to see- can open up many eyes regarding the diagnosis, treatment and stigmatism associated with mental health illnesses.
I have seen this movie many times and it's the kind of movie that<br />will touch your heart and you will watch it over and over again.<br /><br />A Beautiful Mind is just a very touching movie.
I am compel to say that Amazon.com provides a wonderful shopping experience for their on-line customers. Why I'm force to say this? Well, it is because they stand by there word and give the customer what they need when they need it. Thank you Amazon.com for helping me to make the grade in my Psychology class when I needed you the most.
I would recommend this movie to anyone, Great story and Russell Crowe plays his Character very well. Must see this film! It is long.
I probably never would have watched this movie if my wife hadn't brought it home and said something like "I got a movie for us to watch tonight".<br /><br />I found this movie gripping from the very start.  Russell Crowe's intensity got me hooked from the first scene, and mind bogglingly beautiful Jennifer Connelly kept me entranced with both her looks and her great acting right to the end.<br /><br />Without duplicating what others have written, I just want to say that to me the geniune brilliance of this movie is that is portrays a character who suffers from schizophrenia and allows us to genuinely share in his experience by thoroughly developing characters who turn out in the end to never have really existed.<br /><br />It's like he made a schizophrenic out of the viewer for the first half of the movie!  The character discovers that his roommate, the roommate's neice, and the scary Fed Spy Guy weren't real just as we the audience do.  Brilliant!  I really didn't know for a while how this story would end, and what reality really was.<br /><br />Also, as the father of a mildly autistic child, it gave me hope for his future too.  The human mind is a beautiful thing indeed, and even when it doesn't work quite right, it can self-diagnose and make corrections, and maybe solve one of the the world's problems if we just give it what it needs most, love.  Bravo!<br /><br />My only dissapointment is in the bonus material.  I wanted to learn a little more about the supporting characters, but the casting segment was just about Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connely.  That's a minor nitpick.
What you have here is a beautiful love story between a husband & wife. When everything in John Nashs' life falls a part his wife is there for him. The story is well told and well cast.
Ron Howard has the recipe - he knows all the ingredients to put into the bowl to make a product which entertains, inspires, sells lots of tickets, and in this case cops the big awards.  It is scary, really, how a craftsman like Howard can manipulate an interesting, but in many ways unattractive story and make it seem magnificent.  The magnificence is entirely deserved, if you imagine the struggle that Nash went through, and this is the main point of the movie.  However, its entirely desceptive, when you realize that no one cares much about a story involving unattractive, boring, sick people.  So he casts visually stunning people in the leads, and voila!<br /><br />You can always count on a Ron Howard movie to be high quality, and "Beautiful Mind does not disappoint."  I attended Princeton, studied multi-variable calculus, and took a course in "game theory."  Many aspects of the movie were realisic, but many weren't.  Its interesting that Howard seems to anticipate and respect this, so he packed a second DVD with bonus material that includes lots of reality - from an interview with Nash, to details about how the screenplay was developed, etc.<br /><br />The real hero of this movie is Alicia Nash.  "Beautiful Mind" could have been called, "Beautiful Wife," because it is the spectacular loyalty of Mrs. Nash that was truly heroic.  I can't imagine the character she must have possessed to stick by him all of those years.  {...which is yet another area where reality disappoints.  In reality, she was very loyal, but in fact, they did separate and live apart for many years....}.  Once again (this is why I like Ron Howard), this point is not overlooked due to the marvelous ending (Ron; you should have done it with the audience disappearing!).<br /><br />The breath-taking visual impact of Jennifer Connally, which on the surface could not have been more unrealistically cast, would appear to be entirely wrong for the part.  But Connally's performance in the role as the movie played out, made it entirely appropriate when you imagine what Mrs. Nash must look like....from the INSIDE.  What a woman.
Right now this is my standard by which to measure great film, and this edition showcases it beautifully. There is no incidental material on these two disks- all the extras contribute to the experience of the movie. All aspects of the production, from the biography of the man on whom it is based to the process of developing the soundtrack receive deserved attention. There are actually 2 separate feature-length commentaries- one from the director and the other from the writer with  very little redundacy. The viewer is left feeling that there is plenty more material out there.<br /><br />This is a powerful film which speaks volumes on its own. The special features serve not to plunder the film, but rather suggest additionallevels on which the production can be appreciated. There are so many elements in this movie that the genius of the propmasters, special effects team, costume& makeup need to be examined individually to appreciate the incredible craftsmanship involved.
It's really great to get to see how the life has changed for this intelligent mathematics man throughout the movie. It was a really sad ending to me, I heard that in real life, his wife had chosen to leave him alone instead of what happened in the movie. That is even depressing for people who knew his personal story.<br /><br />Russell Crowe, acts as John Nash, the main character for this film, who is a mathematical genius and Nobel Laureate. Russell Crowe did a great job, he can fully convey John Nash's innermost world, his soul and how his mental problems came out because of the pressure from his surroundings. It is really hard to express all these feelings and bring out the message of the life of John Nash. I really like watching Russell Crowe's film.<br /><br />I am also happy with how the director had changed the ending different from the real story, with his wife staying with him and went with him to get the Nobel award. That change can make the audience feel better for him, and will honor him after watching this film. This film is very touching and inspiring, that we need to treasure the people surround us and we need to cherish everything we had.
The height of Russell Crowe's acting - everyone's acting for that matter, is literally unbelievable - as was the production and every aspect of it.
Right off the top I'll say that I love a movie that really moves me and wrings out my emotions.  Everyone can use a good little cry now and then, and Ron Howard has a way of delivering.<br /><br />There are several powerful things about this movie that make it work.<br /><br />The first is, of course, the fact that it's based on a true story.  There is nothing like knowing there are real human hearts behind the drama on the screen to really draw you in.<br /><br />The second is the stunning cast.  Russell Crowe is amazing as the menatlly tortured John Nash, the mathematical genius whose work changes the face of economic theory, yet who finds himself crippled by schizophrenia.  Russell plays the paranoid schizophrenic doctor with poignancy and an intense vulnerability.  Jennifer Connelly is brilliant as his wife, Alicia, who has to make the decision whether to stand by him and fight, or find more placid life of her own.  She plays the part with such love and openness that when she goes into the bathroom and screams in frustration, you feel it deep within your soul.  The supporting cast, including such distinguished talent as Ed Harris and Christopher Plummer, is just as brilliant, bringing the story together with skill.<br /><br />The third is the method in which the story is told.  Warning, if you haven't seen it, do NOT read most of the reviews below.  They will spoil one of the most important aspects of the story that is critical to identifying with John Nash's quandry.  Suffice to say that Ron Howard does the job and you will be delighted.<br /><br />This movie is wonderful and inspiring.  If I had one gripe, it would be that I would like to have seen a little more of his day to day coping, when it comes to that.  As it is, though, you feel every little bit of pain, anguish, and joy throughout this gorgeous biopic.
A Beautiful Mind tries to do the self-contradictory by presenting a slick, Hollywoodish story about the obscure and diabolical world of schizophrenia. That it is based on the life of a real person, the mathematician John Nash, doesn't add much psychological credibility to the film; again and again, some director's or technician's device (e.g., Nash scrawling hieroglyphic equations on the Princeton library window or having scattered letters from a magazine take on a glowing life to show how Nash perceives them as a code) gives us the feeling that we're being taken on a Disney World ride through the mysteries of the mind.<p>Nevertheless, the film is quite watchable for about two-thirds of its length -- after the dull exposition that sets up the central events and before the mawkish conclusion. Credit goes primarily to the stars, Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connolly.<p>Crowe, despite his status as the hunk du jour, clearly has satisfying acting technique and apparently good instincts; whatever reservations I have, it's fair to say that he brings the Nash character to compelling life. If only he didn't push the awkward-loner, vulnerable-brain-box motif so far! I suspect that Ron Howard, the director, instead of shaping the performance and asking for more subtlety at key moments, kept urging Crowe to pull out all the stops. <p>I'm not suggesting that he indulges in scenery chewing -- mostly he keeps his technique within reasonable bounds, and some of the time it serves us well. But, in spite of his stardom, Crowe doesn't yet have the confidence to hold back where some reticence would actually strengthen the role. When (if?) he trusts himself and his audience more, he's going to be an actor to reckon with.<p>Jennifer Connolly is luminous. I'd never seen her before, and she gives her role depths and corners where the script gives her colorless outlines. She's strikingly beautiful, but doesn't coast on her looks, and provides most of the movie's genuinely touching moments.<p>The film's only other actor of note is the egregious Ed Harris, who gives us the umpteenth version of his snake-eyed glare and growling line readings. It's a mystery to me why so many people think he's a great actor. Screen presence, sure; range, from X to X prime, as Nash might put it.<p>Good cinematography helps, featuring warm interiors that reveal the polished allure of the halls' old woodwork and exteriors that capture the sharp-focus chill of autumn and the sturdy solidity of venerable buildings on the campuses of Princeton and MIT. The musical score (one of the movie's few understated directorial elements) is effective, too.<p>The widescreen DVD transfer is first-class -- something you can't count on in DVDs -- with none of the background pumping and motion jerkiness that can result when the compression necesary to fit a movie onto a small silver disc is performed poorly.<br /><br />A Beautiful Mind has its rewards; too bad they come only in patches.
Russell Crowe gives another outstanding performance in this wonderful movie from director Ronnie Howard. Based upon the biography of mathematician John Nash, A Beautiful Mind makes the inner logic of mathematics comprehensible to the average film maker while not stinting on the real-life drama of the schizophrenic Nash and his long-sufferingt wife, played by the beautiful and talented Jennifer Connolly.<p>This is a film that should not be missed. It is ingeniously made, and not just in showing mathematical concepts (to say anymore might ruin the film for you).<p>Five stars! A worthy winner of the Best Picture Oscar.
Russell Crowe is incredible as the West Virginia genius, John Nash. Jennifer Connerly, does a fine job as his wife, Alicia. The big shock of the film works;we find out that whole portions of John's day to day life exist only in his head and have for years. Looking at it later, you can see the very subtle hints that people and things are just fantasies. Nash's best friend only appears when he really needs him. Ed Harris appears, in highly stressful or emotional times, like his wedding day. This is a great film and only has a few tiny flaws. For example we never really understand why a girl like Alicia would fall in love with a man so different from her and her friends. Overall, I loved this film enough to buy it.
A Beautiful Mind is the touching story of John Nash, the brilliant mathematical genius who suffers from delusional paranoia, better known as schezophrenia. Nash is played beautifully by the talented Russell Crowe, whom I did not think could fit into this role. With his last film being Gladiator where he was buffed, here, he is slouched over and fits into an awkward body and mind. <p>A solid supporting cast gives this movie depth. I won't give away too much because there are a few surprises and no shortage of touching moments. A Beautiful Mind is flawed in that it simplifies Nash's achievements into elementary terms. I saw the extra with Ron Howard visiting Nash and it seemed he had no idea what Nash's equilibrium accomplished or stood for. Ron Howard, however, proves to be a fine emotional director and relies heavily on Russell Crowe's great performance.
... The acting, directing and screenwriting were stellar.  The only disappointment for me was that the movie was a whitewashed type of feel good vehicle for Ron Howard to do his typical (and typically well done) "triumph of the human spirit" silliness.  That doesn't cut down on the enjoyment factor, but it does mislead viewers into believing that John Nash, the subject of the movie, was a more wholesome person than history tells us he was.  The movie leaves out all of the unsavory moments in Nash's life, from his alleged torturing of animals as a child to his prior marriage and adultery (and some worse).  As a result, the audience learns to sympathize with a person who may not at all be sympathetic in real life.  As I said, it makes for a great movie, but don't go believing it.
There is no words to express what I thought when I saw this film.  It was filled with talented actors and actresses, a beautifully written script, and excellent visuals.<p>Russell Crowe is not usually an actor that I can stand but this movie really showcases his talent.  Playing such an interesting person as John Nash was a very hard task but he pulls it off beautifully.  His acting seems believable while his body language shows that he researched the life of John Nash.<p>A Beautiful Mind IS Oscar calibur and beats Monsters Ball in the race for best picture.  Monsters Ball did have some stellar performances but A Beautiful Mind had everything a good movie needs.<p>Next time you are at your local rental store pick up A Beautiful Mind and give it a chance, you will not be sorry.
...A BEAUTIFUL MIND is really a fine film, well put-together and a riveting narrative. It's detractors have criticized it for not being true to Nash's real life... WHO CARES!!!? The film, as presented, is as good as I've seen in a long time. Certainly, there were things in this complicated man's life that had to be left out for the sake of narrative. Some sensation-seekers are upset because his homosexuality wasn't addressed, though I thought the relationship with his roommate was more than platonic...I don't want to give away any plot points...and besides that...WHO CARES!!? I enjoyed the film, as presented... I really liked James Horner's score. It was exceptionally pretty. The score presented Nash's moods as much as Russell did...
This brilliantly-crafted movie deserves every Oscar it was nominated for. Russell Crowe is superb as John Nash, a schizophrenic math genius who descends into madness and makes his way out again with determination and the help of his wife and friends. The Math content within can be appreciated even if you don't understand it, and the acting is extraordinary.<br />Jennifer Connelly shines like a beacon in a role it seems she was made to play, and Ed Harris convincingly portrays an imaginary 'man in black'. The setting is also very realistic and the music illustrates perfectly and fits every scene. Forget Lord of the Rings - this film in my mind already has won 'Best Picture'.
Noble Prize winning mathematician John Nash's descent into schizophrenia is far more fascinating than his recovery in the heralded Ron Howard directed drama, "A Beautiful Mind". Nash's delusions, which occupy most of the first half of the film, are frightening flashes of cimematography that startle the senses into belief in much the same way a schizophrenic's delusions would. The second half of the film, his recovery, offers much less in cinematic value as Nash buries himself in mathematical equations as his delusions become less aggressive but forever present. Russell Crowe is the epitome of a schizophrenic Math professor almost to the point of amusing caricature, but the performance is disciplined excellence. Jennifer Connelly, as his wife seems merely there, no more or less than the sympathetic role offers, (I'm in the minority here). Her atrocious make-up in the final scenes, some forty years later, make her look like The Bride of Frankenstein. I would like to have seen Nash's groundbreaking work on economic theory better explained, even in layman's terms. It would have added much to his abandonment of reality. The inevitable emotional summation of Nash accepting The Noble Prize before throngs of applauding admirers was a bit anticlmactic. I mostly however enjoyed this film.
A wonderful movie about a remarkable individual - very moving.  Russell Crowe's performance is spectacular.  If you're looking for fast paced action and blood and gore, it's not for you.  I highly recommend it.
The most compelling movie I have ever seen.  Ron Howard at his best.  Eight acadamy award nominations is not enough.  I have seen it twice and plan to go again.
If you only see one movie this year, i recommend "A Beautiful Mind".  It is basically a true story about one of America's most brilliant mathematician and Nobel Prize winner.  Mr. Nash's struggle with mental illness is both sad and courageous....the movie portrayal of Mrs. Nash, a role meant for Jennifer Connelly, was one that shows her strength both as a wife and woman....the progression of time from 1941 to present was believable and accurate....and, of course, the director Ron Howard gave us a clear and uncluttered movie as is his style.
This is a movie that you realy want to watch it over and over again, you discover a new thing each time,for example why didnt the birds fly while the girl was running into them on the green fields as john saw her, and why the people were looking at him in a strange way while he was talking to his friends.<p>It is said that the movie isnt the true match of john nash life accordding to the book or to the biaography, regardless if we took the movie alone, its a classic, a movie that tells a story of a man who was pushed by his ambitions and detirmination to cross the lines and to exceed the limit.<p>Iam NOT a director,a film maker, or a critic..am only an ordinary person who watched the film and after that i started thinking about it... after all isnt that the whole idea of watching a movie, to leave with an impression about what you watched, to force your mind to think and review what you have been setting and watching for two hours.<p> - After you watched the movie,Did you think about the original idea you want in your life,Did you realy changed the definition of the word sruggel and success, Are you willing to take your self beyaound limits for what you belive in.<p> -  directing,actting the sound track it was so great and almost perfect , but for russel crow i think he was extraordinary,and try not to comapre the movie with the book, that isnt fair for the movie nor to the book, the movie is only two hours, YOU CANT TELL A ONE MAN LIFE IN TWO HOURS,INSTED ITS WHAT YOU CAN TELL IN THOSE TWO HOURS?<p> In John Nash life, those two hours were about about ambition,deternmination,vision,strugle,love,hope and finaly..success.<p> If we tried to take a moment..just one moment..and think...Think with the whole picture in our minds, we can see that the true plot of the movie<br />is orientied on that "Original Idea"..the effort of a man to come up with a true original idea, his seek and effort forced him to exceeds the limits, and keep in mind that what you watched was a true story.<br /><br /> A Beatufuil mind is a true "Original Movie", which does its job by leaving you wondering and asking questions.<p> I think its also a great movie becuase its the kind that youll watch it again and again, it leaves an impression and leaving an impression is somthing rare in these days movies.
The movie cinematography, casting and story line were wonderful. Quite interesting. I walked away feeling sympathy for all with mental illness.
Russell Crowe has done it again with another virtuoso acting performance as genius mathematician John Nash, a victim of schizophrenia.  This movie is very reminiscent of an earlier film, Shine, about a gifted, but mentally ill pianist who overcomes tremendous obstacles to make a comeback on the concert circuit.  I did feel the ending to this film was a little over the top in its sentimentality.  And who persuaded director, Ron Howard, to &quot;age&quot; Jennifer Connolly with what has to be one of the worst and phoniest make-up jobs in history!  Aside from that, this movie must be seen just to appreciate Crowe's amazing performance.
Having only seen the previews for A Beautiful Mind before seeing the film, I was nothing short of stunned when I left the theater. Stunned that a book absent from the public eye focusing on a brilliant man, A Beautiful Mind could be brought to the screen only with a cinematic and heartfelt commitment. Impressed that Russell Crowe, who is quickly becoming one of the best actors of all time, could portray a man so full of cerebral electricity that he himself became John Nash in a sense. And certainly I was left breathless that Ron Howard could return filmmaking to its basic roots, telling a story without lots of flash and special effects. A Beautiful Mind moved me perhaps more than any film in most of my life. To delve deep into the troubled yet passionate mind of John Nash through Crowe's eyes is an inspiration of life itself. I dare say that this film will sweep the Oscars, and even if it doesn't, it garners the honor of being a classic for all ages.
I just watched the film in a preview screening. Russel Crowe's portrayl of Nash was extraordinary. He did a fantastic job of acting. I see Oscar nomination again for Crowe. He also had a great supporting cast. A definate must see for any moviegoer that appreciates a great film.
Until the revelation of the Big Surprise, the movie is great.  After that, it becomes the typical Hollywood head vs. heart smackdown.  Like any professional wrestling presentation, it's a fixed fight.  You're a fool to bet on the gray wrinkled tinker toy instead of the little red pumping engine that could.  We Americans can't seem to get enough of such this corner/that corner spectacles, despite the predictability of the formula and the drabness of the platitudes that pop out in the end.<p>Crowe puts up a good struggle here, but no actor could slog gracefully through the syrup that coagulates over the last third of this script.  Ed Harris is awesome.  Jennifer Connelly is a pretty cream puff and little else.<p>The DVD is full of the typical self-congratulatory and mutual back-patting nonsense, along with a bunch of useless behind-the-scenes material.  What's the point of knowing how the special effects and make-up were done, how the cast was chosen, how the score was written, etc?  Especially for this film which is not destined to be a classic.
This movie is much more effective than "Identity" in portraying the nightmare of schizophrenia.<br /><br />It's a brilliant portrait of a devoted marriage and a genius convinced that he can help the good guys win the war by decoding secret messages in magazines.  The image of Nash relentlessly circling words and phrases is both haunting, terrifying and heartbreaking.  This movie inspires incredible compassion.  The love of Alicia Nash (the luminous Jennifer Connelly, who has grown up so much since "Labyrinth," is unbelievably strong and yet fragile) makes us believe in the impossible.
This is one of the very few films on my favorites list that is not war or combat-oriented. I still can't decide which Crowe film I like better, this or Gladiator. The acting is superb from all the chief characters (Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connely, Ed Harris), and I am very pissed that Denzel Washington robbed Crowe of the Best actor award for the crappy &quot;Training Day&quot;. The plot is a little screwy, but Ron Howard's good directing makes it work. The only thing that really kept me from giving this movie a perfect 5 is that it robbed &quot;The Fellowship of the Ring&quot; of best picture.
Based on Sylvia Nasar's biography of the mathematical genius John Forbes Nash (born 1928), winner of the 1994 Nobel Prize in economics for his revolutionary game theory, `A Beautiful Mind' recounts Nash's struggle with genius and with schizophrenia.  Frequently and incorrectly confused with multiple personality disorder, schizophrenia involves seeing delusions.  In real life the nature of Nash's delusions during his time of illness have been largely forgotten by him, and in this regard the screen-writer has taken the liberty to fictionally recreate delusions revolving around three imagined characters: a representative of the US Defence who convinces Nash to act as a code-breaker by examining popular magazines for hidden Russian codes giving clues about an imminent nuclear attack, an imagined college room mate and his young orphaned niece.<br /><br />But the real power of this movie is that it enables viewers to get inside the mind of a schizophreniac by making these delusions real and presenting them as an alternate reality.  Nash's inner landscapes are presented as real to the audience, just as they are real to those with schizophrenia, and we are drawn convincingly into his world.  Suddenly, the plot takes an abrupt turn as both movie viewers and Nash are robbed of these delusions by having the rug pulled from under them and confronted with reality.  For Nash the experience is even more terrifying - he ends up in a psychiatric hospital.  To say more would spoil the movie for those who haven't seen it, but it's enough to say that the experience of the movie is like the experience of the disease.  It's a brilliant concept that successfully enables us to empathize with Nash.  "Imagine that you would suddenly have learned the peoples and places and moments most important to you were not gone, not dead, but worse, had never been."  The movie's success is enhanced by the brilliant acting of Russell Crowe as John Nash, in a performance of pathos in the same category of the memorable acting of Rainman and Forrest Gump; and a delightful soundtrack by James Horner with haunting vocals by Charlotte Church.<br /><br />But this movie is just as much the story of Nash's wife Alicia (in an award winning performance by Jennifer Connelly) as it is about Nash.  Despite his mental problems, she sticks by him and her love and commitment to him says a great deal about what marriage is really all about. Nash's words in the acceptance speech of his Nobel Prize point to her love as the real source of his endurance in the struggle, and it is her love that this movie is about just as much as it is about Nash's genius and illness.  This positive portrayal of marriage and of the undying love of a wife is a welcome change from the typical infidelity offered by Hollywood.  Her love is just as beautiful as Nash's mind.<br /><br />Parents should be aware that there are some incidents of blasphemy and sexual talk.  But the themes of this movie in dealing with the complexity of schizophrenia are clearly adult anyway.  Not only does it result in greater appreciation for John Nash, but also greater understanding and compassion for schizophrenia - even if the portrayal of Nash's life is not entirely accurate.  There are moral and historical flaws, but there's still tremendous beauty.  `A Beautiful Mind' is a beautiful film that was deservedly rewarded for its beauty with several Oscars (including Best Picture), and if you're a fan of serious movies your life will be enhanced by viewing it.  If only more films had this kind of beauty. -GODLY GADFLY
After the Grinch I swore to myself never to see a Ron Howard film again. My brother dragged me to this one and I went with my arms folded across my chest. Not knowing what it was about, I found the mathematician moderatly interesting. I was not expecting the "twist" and it threw me for a loop. It is obvious Ron Howard has grown as a director in this film. It reminds me of Tom Hanks' career. For years he was known as the king of romantic comedy and now he is considered one of our greatest actors. But back then, who knew. I hope Howard takes chances like this in the future. Great story telling with a camera.<p>As far as the DVD goes, the shameless differentiation between the real Nash and Crowe's Nash are a bit off-putting, but are nonetheless an interesting feature. Instead of a speech given at the awards as in the movie, some old dame with a tiara puts a medal around his neck. The commentary is also good and Ron does goof on the fact that is brother Clint is only heard in a sound bite instead of seen as in most of his movies. Maybe that's why it got best picture.<p>Speaking of which, I am one of the few that actually can see the reasoning why A Beautiful Mind picked up a few oscars. Howard wins the Julia Roberts oscar. She won because she actually acted, he won because he actually directed. This is his best film since Appolo 13, which was a neat hat trick. It is a good movie with great acting and a phenomenal story. A great addition to any DVD library.
My sister had to drag me to watch this film.  And in the end it was what neither of us expected - plotwise.  Turns out I enjoyed the film more than she did.  We had no idea who John Nash was.  My sister was expecting a romance movie.  I was expecting a documentary of his life.  In some ways, it's both.  In other ways, it's neither.  There indeed is romance and love involved in this story between John and his wife Alicia.  And it also does document the earlier days of John's life spent in academia (Princeton) which led to his groundbreaking discovery of an economic theory.<p>In my opinion, Russell Crowe does a wonderful job of portraying the often quirky, always socially inept John Nash.  When I later discover he has schizophrenia, I thought to myself "so that's what schizophrenia looks like".  I immediately found sympathy for him, and realized that he really doesn't mean to be a bad person.  It really is a condition that can happen to anybody.  The special and interesting thing about John Nash is that he is able to rationalize this disorder and compartmentalize it in his mind so that he can continue living his life.  What a truly beautiful mind he has!<p>Jennifer Connelly plays Alicia in this movie.  She's introduced to us as a drop-dead gorgeous student of John that has a feisty side to her.  We get a feeling early on that she finds something unique and attractive about John, and tries to enculturate him into society.  She makes him fall in love with her.  And so they get married.  That's when John's paranoid episodes get more intense and he is institutionalized for a while.  Yet through it all, Alicia is always patient, supportive, understanding and faithful.  She knew they could overcome this.  And she was right.<p>This film to me is inspirational on many levels.  It's about an underdog who works hard to achieve the accomplishment of a lifetime.  It's about a man's battle with paranoid schizophrenia, and his subsequent triumph over it.  It's about the love of one woman for her husband through thick or thin.<p>You must watch this film to understand.  It wasn't what I expected... it was much much more.
Ron Howard's direction of "A Beautiful Mind" is much like that of "The Sixth Sense" in that it is only much later in the film that we see certain realities of the main character's world for what they are.<br /> It does lose points with me, however, for not portraying certain aspects of John Nash's life accurately. Ignored, for example, is the fact that his wife, the initially spunky and forceful, Alicia, is El Salvadorian, and while Jennifer Connelly's portrayal of her was well-done, she could have adopted a more Spanish-sounding accent for the part.<br /> While a bit beefy for the lead role, Russell Crowe submerges himself nicely into the character of the eccentric, socially inept John Nash, complete with a Southern twang. The film features the usual cornerstones of a Crowe performance: Displays of brute strength, moments of violent rage, pensive charm, subtle glances from his very expressive heavily-lashed blue-green eyes, quick and pleasant witticisms, a wry smile, and of course, his excerising his "right to bare arms", that last of which should keep the ladies interested.<br /> The story of course, revolves around Professor Nash's bout with schizophrenia, his major contribution to the world despite his illness, and his ultimate triumph as a Nobel Laurate.<br /> We first meet Nash as a loner at Princeton University about to work on his thesis, but not succeeding at doing so at first. There isn't too much emphasis on math itself, the least favorite subject of many of us in school, which was perhaps done to keep most of the audience interested in the film. But the palpable distance between Nash and the elderly faculty member being honored by the ceremony of the pens can be measured in light years, as Nash stands in the hallway, a lone and solitary figure once again on the outside.<br /> His life is made even more complicated by his roommate (Paul Bettany) and his roommate's adoptive niece who never ages(Vivien Cardone), as well as Government agent William Parcher (Ed Harris), who never changes his clothes.<br /> Christopher Plummer's Dr. Rosen appears on the scene to treat Nash, giving a calm intellectual, but slightly smug performance as the once esteemed Professor falls from grace and into his care.<br /> The scene on Nash's recipience of shock treatment is reminiscent of Jack Nicholson's undergoing the same procedure in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". But while there is debate about how meticulously<br /> schizophrenia and the events of Nash's life are portrayed (his otherwise unmentioned son, whom he had out of wedlock plays an orderly in the film), Crowe makes Nash a very sympathetic character, and perhaps the film has led more people to empathize with the plight of the mentally ill.We feel somehow, that Alicia was meant to be the guiding force in his life, although in reality, the couple were divorced for a time.<br /> Later in the movie, there is another pens ceremony, but happily Nash is not at a distance from it this time.<br /> The make-up job of the Nashes as an elderly couple could have been better. But Nash's address of the Nobel Academy, which in fact never happened, gives the film a final, romantic flourish.<br /> The stately and haunting anthem sung by Charlotte Church is one of vigilance on behalf of those in need of guidance.<br /> While sparing us many gritty realities of the Nashes' life together, Ron Howard's movie is one of hope and triumph, with only a muted kind of joy because despite Nash's great achievements, the battle for sanity continues.
Back in February 2002, week, my wife, our son, and I made an unusual evening foray to the town nearest our home having a theater in it.  The theater is one of those multiplexes (yes, Maine does have `em!!) with 14 theaters in the same building.  After driving the 32 miles to the theater complex, we found ourselves faced with a veritable treasure trove of excellent choices... among them "Black Hawk Down," "John Q,"  "A Beautiful Mind," and "Lord of the Rings: Fellowship of the Ring."  We opted for "A Beautiful Mind," mainly because it looked like the movie that would be the most interesting to all three of us, and because we've always enjoyed movies directed by Ron Howard.<p>"A Beautiful Mind," winner of the "Best Picture" Oscar at the most recent Academy Awards, is perhaps one of the finest movies we've seen in quite some time!  Starring Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, and Christopher Plummer, this movie held all of us spellbound for its entire two-plus hour running time.  "A Beautiful Mind" features a superb cast, an outstanding story line (based on actual persons and events) and a wonderful script.<p>"A Beautiful Mind" tells the story of John Forbes Nash, a brilliant mathematician whose  pioneering work on game theory ultimately won for him the Nobel Prize in Economics, but whose "beautiful mind..." brilliant as it was... was tortured by the most debilitating form mental illness imaginable: paranoid schizophrenia.  <p>Everything about this movie is superb!  Russell Crowe is magnificent as the tortured genius John Nash.  From quiet, nervous, socially inept scholar, to intense code-breaker, to delusional mental patient, Crowe keeps viewers constantly on the edge of their seats with his completely believable interpretation of the mind of  a schizophrenic.  It is, in my view, Crowe's best performance ever... and there have been a lot of good ones!<p>Jennifer Connelly is excellent as Alicia Nash.  Appearing next to Crowe must have been rather daunting for her.  She not only held her own next to the man who is rapidly becoming one of  Hollywood's truly great actors; she illuminated her scenes with her own considerable talent.  In Connelly's capable hands, her character shows tenderness, compassion, and a strength of character that must have been the hallmark of the real person she so capably portrays.<p>Ed Harris brings his usual superlative skills as a character actor to the role of the shadowy William Parcher, the man who recruits Nash into the world of Cold War code-breaking.  <p>After the acting, the most impressive feature of "A Beautiful Mind" is the technique director Ron Howard uses to portray the phantasmic state of John Nash's mind.  I don't want to offer too many details here, for to do so would be to provide a major "spoiler" for those who haven't seen the movie yet.  Suffice it to say, the technique is surprising and very effective.  Viewers may occasionally feel themselves a bit unsure of where the story is going (as I did), but rest assured... everything is made clear by the end of the film.  <p>Before we watched "A Beautiful Mind," I had seen a television interview with director Ron Howard in which he talked about the making of the film.  In this interview, Howard stated that he had decided, as much as possible, to shoot in chronological order... in other words, the earliest scenes were shot first, the latest scenes last.  According to Howard, this is a technique hardly ever used by directors; he attributes much of the movie's best qualities to shooting in sequential order.<p>I tend to agree with Howard's assessment of his own work.  The movie has a decidedly ensemble-like feel to it despite a relatively large cast.  Everyone is so good in their part, and every scene flows so seamlessly into the one that follows that it seemed to us, throughout the film's two-plus hour running time, like we were witnesses to an actual unfolding drama.  I seriously doubt that "A Beautiful Mind" would have been as intensely dramatic or as effective a vehicle for such a highly complex, intelligently told story.<p>If you haven't guessed by now, my wife, our son, and I are unanimous in our verdict on "A Beautiful Mind:" this film is a "must see.".  If you've seen it already, watch it again!!
It's hard to fault &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; for the performances or, for that matter, the direction.  Crowe and Connelly are superb, and believable, as the brain-sick mathemetician and his long-suffering wife.  The film does move along with nice pacing and it's not an effort to become emotionally involved in their lives.  Frankly, where the film fails are those scenes that depart from their relationship and bring us closer to the film's namesake, the so-called &quot;Beautiful Mind&quot; of John Nash.<p>Frankly, neither John Nash, nor his mind, are in the tiniest sense made &quot;beautiful&quot; by this film.  The man, an eccentric genius laid low by paranoid schizophrenia, is sympathetic only in the sense that one might feel sympathy for anyone who is mentally ill.  Sure, it's sort of interesting that he eventually won the Nobel Prize Winner for his mathematic theories but when the film tries to explain those theories, the viewer gets only the most rudimentary insight into what must really be a fascinating, somehow mathematically based, theory of economics and human nature.  Naturally, the script writers assumed that most viewers wouldn't be interested in anything more than third grade arithmetic, and leave it to Nash to scribble heiroglyphic equations on windows, blackboards, and anything else he gets his hands on to show how &quot;complex&quot; his theories must be without really attempting to explain how they work.<p>The same holds true for his mental disease.  Most psychiatrists attribute the development of severe mental illness, such as paranoid schizophrenia, to a combination of genetic (family history) and environmental (infant/childhood trauma) factors.  This film discloses nothing about this man's life prior to graduate school.  He simply acquires his mental illness without any explanation, whatsoever.  The audience is supposed to swoon with sympathy for his plight and, in fact, based on the film's box office (and the Academy), apparently, a lot of folks apparently found Crowe's performance affecting.  Indeed, it is to Crowe's everlasting credit that he made the character he played into someone to whom audiences could relate.<p>Once again, though, one is left wanting to know more.  Why did Nash create the imaginary characters that populate his diseased mind?  One can, given the times (mid 1950's) imagine why an anti-communist operative (played wonderfully by Ed Harris) is one of his spectres, but why the gregarious room-mate, and (especially) why the room-mate's young adoptive daughter?  What in Nash's past, if anything, prompt these denizens to constantly plague his life?  No clue is given.<p>I suppose the real goals of this film were: (i) show what it really &quot;must be like&quot; to be trapped in a paranoid delusion, and (ii) avoid being to be too much like a documentary on Nash's life.  In other words, &quot;entertainment&quot; - not insight - was the operative goal.  But haven't we all been down this road at least two dozen times?  From the manipulative recent (and decent) &quot;Sixth Sense&quot; all the way back to Boris Karloff, we've all been duped by Hollywood trickery into believing one set of assumptions until a dopey mutt pulls the curtain and reveals the Wizard to be an old putz.  It's the same with this film: is he a schizo, or isn't he?  Of course, this film is based on a real guy so you have to assume he IS a schizo from scene one.  Still, we audiences love getting that curtain pulled.  Sad, isn't it, that the Academy, and the American public, still gape over the same recycled bilge.  Gosh, now I know what it REALLY must be like to be paranoid.  These crazy M.O.'s really BELIEVE their delusions!  For a awhile there, even I believed it!  Whoah!<p>In other words, this movie is pure HOLLWOOD.  Take it for what it is.<p>OK, &quot;A Beatiful Mind&quot; is a beautifully filmed and scored movie, and the performances are truly solid.  What fails is the script, which relies on the same, tired Hollywood formula and truly fails to inform us in any meaningful way about John Nash, his theories, or his demons.
I saw this movie when I was working at a mental hospital.  I helped me to understand what schizophrenia might be like to some people.  If you want to know about that watch this and do not learn to much about the movie it will reck it.  Just know that this is very well done and respectfully done.  It is based on a true story, but not a documentary.  The acting is excellent.  If you want to understand more watch this.  It is a beautiful movie.
Ron Howard (Splash, Cocoon, Backdraft, Apollo 13) has done excellent work as a director for which he has gotten little credit over the years.  With this film comes a best director Oscar and a best picture Oscar and finally the recognition he deserves.  Howard has always been good at presenting human stories, be they comedy or drama.  He has a intuitive understanding of character motivation and is excellent at making his characters elicit strong emotions in the viewer.  This is particularly true in this film.<p>The story is based on the life of John Forbes Nash, Jr., a mathematician and Nobel laureate who suffered from schizophrenia.  The film gives us a unique first person perspective of the disease, drawing us into his world and allowing us to see what Nash sees.  Howard's presentation is brilliant.  At first Nash is presented as a bit eccentric, but lucid.  As we experience his world, reality and illusion are so perfectly intertwined that we are not sure where the world ends and the mind begins.  By fooling the audience Howard makes the subtle point that to the schizophrenic it all seems real.  In attempting to evaluate Nash's world we get a distant understanding of the confusion that results when a rational person attempts to cope with a world that is part real and part hallucination.<p>While this is a biopic, it is more fiction than fact.  A great deal of dramatic license is taken since Nash freely admits that he has little recollection of the years when he suffered from the disease.  The powerful speech at the end of the film where he thanks his wife after receiving his Nobel Prize is pure Hollywood.  Included in the DVD is footage of the actual Nobel ceremony and no speeches were given.  Yet, we can forgive the latitude taken because the story is so inspirational.<p>From a production standpoint, special note must be given to the makeup department, which ages Russell Crowe so magnificently.  As the movie progresses through four decades, Nash is realistically depicted and aged appropriately.  Likewise, the art department does a fine job rendering four different periods, matching costumes, props and sets to the times.<p>Yet, with all the fine production values, this film excels most in the acting.  Russell Crowe turns in a career performance in a career abundant in great performances.  This character is the antithesis of the Russell Crowe we've come to expect.  Instead of strong, tough and balanced, with a sharp worldly intelligence, he plays an eccentric and convoluted man with quirks, nervous habits and a psyche obviously out of balance.  Crowe completely immerses himself in the enormous volume of the role, effortlessly moving between its elements from audacity to paranoia to tenderness to genius.  This is an accomplishment that is light years beyond his Academy Award performance in "Gladiator", good as it was.<p>Jennifer Connelly puts herself on the map with an Oscar for best supporting actress.  It is always difficult to avoid getting lost in the presence of an actor as powerful as Crowe, but Connelly stays right with him, delivering a moving performance as Nash's steadfast wife.<p>Ed Harris was my favorite to nose out Crowe for best actor in last year's Academy Awards.  Harris gave a brilliant performance playing Jackson Pollock in "Pollock" (also featuring Jennifer Connelly in a small role) that was trampled under by the "Gladiator" Oscar juggernaut.  As if to say, "If you can't beat him, join him", Harris goes toe to toe with Crowe in some of the most intense scenes in the film.  Harris lends significant energy and intrigue to the movie with an urgent performance as the operative who recruits Nash to break codes for the government.<p>This film is nothing short of fantastic.  It is expertly directed, superbly acted and meticulously crafted.  It presents great drama while also bringing insight into a stigmatizing disease to a wide audience.  I rated it a 10/10.  It rightfully ran away with the Best Picture Oscar.  If you see only one motion picture this year, make sure it is this one.
This is the finest performance by the finest actor we have. Despite the controversy over what was deleted from Nash's life, the film itself rises to emotional heights that will call you back to see it again and again<br />  Russell Crowe is, from the first moment you see him at Princeton in 1947, totally gone into this character, unrecog-nizable as himself in other roles, or himself in the role called "real life."<br />  You will begin to realize all over again what acting IS watching him on the screen. This kind of commitment to the art of it hasn't been seen in a generation of Hollywood-driven, middle-<br />class, easyboy lead men. Crowe is down, intense, blue-collar no bull..creating whatever it takes from touched to tenderized by his demons. No one else shows inner struggle and feeling so well. See if you don't agree. Then go back and watch his earlier triumphs.<br /> Do you really care that he drinks beer a lot? And isn't polite about it all? C'mon Americans. This was clearly the most complex performance of any actor in years. Don't believe anything else.
Don't listen to those few critics who broadsided(small clue to Russell's next movie) this beautiful movie...complaining that some ruff stuff about Dr. Nash's life was left out.  The film is stunning ... and it has the BEST PERFORMANCE by An Actor that this movie goer has ever seen and I've seen them all (since 1952) including all of this year's Oscar nominations.  <p>Crowe doesn't just play it, he disappears in it and you are privileged to meet the brilliant, intense, disturbed, compelling young, middle aged and elder beautiful mind that reflects the genius and torment of Dr. John Nash.  Yes,  it is entertainment folks...mesmerizing, edifying, intense and finally it bings your heart home.<p>But, it also says something important about mental illness.  Many of the homeless people you meet suffer from mental illness including schizophrenia.  They have no one to take care of them, they forget to take their meds, they act crazy, they scare you? Next time try seeing them as a Nobel Laureate.
Schizophrenia, a disease of the brain, is one of the most disabling and emotionally devastating illnesses known to man... It is characterized by a constellation of distinctive and predictable symptoms... These include thought disorder, delusions, and hallucinations...<br /><br />The film recounts the story of John Forbes Nash Jr., a Princeton brilliant mind, who rides up to the heights of mathematical prowess, down through mental breakdown, and finally up to regain the equilibrium...<br /><br />Russell Crowe ventures on a journey of fear, humiliation and vulnerability, giving a real and moving portrait of a troubled man whose gifts were his downfall...<br /><br />We see him impolite and rude, too smart to have to attend class, lacking social skills, insulting the great ideas of his colleagues, calling their work derivative, and declaring, "To find a truly original idea is the only way to distinguish myself."<br /><br />Nash is obsessed with patterns... He spends his days writing perplexing formulas on his dormitory window in search of a breakthrough idea... He gets it one night, while out with his fellow scholars at a local bar where a stunning blond grabs their attention... He recreates the design of a classmate's tie reflecting light through glass... He follows the movements of pigeons as they compete for food... He stares obsessively at too many numbers, and reveals his natural ability helping the Pentagon crack the mathematical codes the Soviets are using...<br /><br />He becomes friend with his roommate, Charles Herman, who is everything he is not - charming and charismatic... He somewhat refines his social manners enough to win the love of a beautiful physics student who would become his wife...<br /><br />Then he begins to look for secret messages in newspapers and magazines, interpreting vague, undecipherable connections between letters and numbers...<br /><br />His mental derangement grows to uncontrolled proportions and the lines between reality and delusion begin to occur as his hallucinations take control of his life in every instant... Nash soon begins to understand the nature of his mental illness and, while he is never cured of his hallucinations behavior, eventually keeps struggling to overcome it...<br /><br />Crowe imparts every facet of John Nash's personality with clarity and feeling... He wins our sympathy merely by showing us a man climbing to the top, falling to the very bottom, and through love and determination fully, recapturing his potential once again...<br /><br />Jennifer Connelly begins to establish herself as a young actress to watch for... She exudes class and sophistication... She makes a marvelous loving wife forced to face the realities of schizophrenia... She tries to do what's best for her husband, but in the face of adversity to take the decision she does, it is inspiring to think that love is the seed of all hope, and what makes the ride worthwhile...<br /><br />Paul Bettany gives another charming turn as Nash's only true friend... He is able to extend any sympathy or understanding, frequently pushing Nash to leave his inquiries for a pizza and beer break...<br /><br />Ed Harris looks nicely menacing in his black fedora... You never know if the man is real, a delusion or both as he constantly drives Nash to the verge of insanity and beyond...<br /><br />Adam Goldberg makes a quiet impression as a Princeton alumnus...<br /><br />Ron Howard evokes the beauty of Nash's mind, and brings us with tenderness, the story of a tortured-genius... His choice to shoot much of the film from Nash's point-of-view is both effective and intriguing...<br /><br />The film peacefully highlights the value of a very clever man who gains a beautiful heart, mainly through the love, faith and strength of his lovely wife...
This story caught my attention immediately and held it for the entire film. The movie is based on the life of John Nash.  He was a brilliant mathematician who became famous as a young man for his work in economics.<p>The film spans several decades and begins when John Nash arrives at Princeton University.  Russell Crowe does an excellent job in the role of Nash.  The part required the transformation of Nash from a young and healthy man to an aging schizophrenic. Alicia, Nash's wife is played by Jennifer Connelly. She's very convincing as an intelligent and strong woman who comes to realize that her brilliant husband is very troubled and lives in another world.<p>One particular and lovely scene stands out in my mind where Nash and his future wife are looking at the stars. He tells her to think of different shapes or animals and he is able to look at the night sky, with its millions of stars, and link them together into whatever form she mentions. I wish there had been more scenes of that kind and maybe a little insight into Nash's family and childhood.<p>John Nash was eventually awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for Mathematics, which is some consolation, but the tragedy of his gifted mind being assaulted by delusions was something that I won't forget. I came away from this movie with a tremendous amount of compassion for John Nash.  Schizophrenia is truly a horrible mental disease.<p>This film is worth seeing and I believe that it will stand the test of time.
You really get to explore and understand extreme genius.  Just as Amadeus showed us the tortured mind of Mozart and Shine, a surprising story about real-life classical pianist David Helfgott, A Beautiful Mind will also be an insightful classic.  <p>Russell Crowe's performance was key to the success of this movie.  Few, if any other could have brought to life the screen with such understanding of the character.  Did not know the range that this actor possesses.
This is an excellent, must see movie (especially on the big screen the first time you watch it).  Moving, touching, Nash will grab your heart as you watch the turmoil and challenges that he endures. And Alicia is wonderful as she chooses to stay with him and help him get his life back.  The potrayal of what it is really like in a schizophrenics mind was excellent.  Yes, there are a few small things I call them that could have been better, but I've yet to see a movie that was perfect, there is always something you could have done better.  Once you get into the movie,(which will not take long) you could care less about the small things..you are so in to the John Nash character and supporting cast.  The movie was named accurately as it was a beautiful movie and had a beautiful ending.  My hat is off to you once again, Russell Crowe and also to Jennifer Connelly, Ed Harris, Ron Howard and all other supporters.
Ron Howard takes an inspiring story and, true to form, reduces it to its most saccharine components. Consequently, this movie is virtually indistinguishable from Howard's other work. <p>The movie chronicles the life and trials of John Nash, a prodigious mathematical talent and eventual winner of the Nobel Prize. Nash matriculates as a doctorate candidate at Princeton in 1947, where he stagnates academically until he discovers his &quot;truly unique idea&quot;; that single accomplishment that distinguishes him from what he perceives to be the majority humanity: great pretenders. <p>However, the real focus of the story is not Nash's brilliant mind-or even the Herculean accomplishment related to his economic, theoretical masterpiece-it is Howard's unswerving focus on Nash's illness: schizophrenia. Regardless of anything else that Nash accomplished in his long life, academic or otherwise, Howard's only focus is on the one thing Nash could not control. I find this to be disingenuous at best and sinister at worst. <p>Howard's unwillingness to focus on the things which Nash had the ability to control speaks volumes about his directorial agenda. Indeed, by his own admission, Howard chose to focus on the &quot;love story&quot; in Nash's life. While the love for his loyal and long-suffering wife is certainly a strong credit to the man, it is hardly his only noteworthy accomplishment, and Howard's singular focus makes this a merely mediocre film that could have been a real triumph of (and tribute to) the human mind. Indeed, the director seems unwilling to focus on any of the uplifting components of the Nash biography (with the possible exception of Nash's richly deserved public recognition) precisely so that he can dwell in the morass of Nash's mental illness; this ought to frighten moviegoers seeking to identify and glorify the best within mankind. <p>Russell Crowe plays the eccentric (and later schizophrenic) character very well, and his talent as an actor is to be admired for its sheer intensity, if nothing else. The viewer empathizes with Nash precisely because Crowe makes him so real to us. Likewise, the quality and character of the supporting roles from Jennifer Connelly and Ed Harris are tremendously impressive. <p>However, the greatest failing of this film is to focus on the most metaphysically unimportant thing in Nash's life (a mental illness) at the expense of the great heights he climbed in spite of his circumstances. Howard could have chosen to focus on any number of Nash's attributes, but instead he settled for the one thing that was beyond his control. <p>Had Howard focused on the brilliance of the economic theory, we would have had a hero's tale. Had he focused on the fact that Nash recovered from schizophrenia virtually without medication, on the strength of his own indomitable mind, we would have had an uplifting story about triumph over adversity. However, Howard focuses only on the base, the unimportant, and ultimately this is why the film properly fails; because it does not stray from the standard Hollywood formula of a silly ending, it falls victim to its own vacuity.
Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly, and an strong supporting cast offer extraordinary performances in A BEAUTIFUL MIND--and fortunately so, for the subject of the film has undergone a Hollywood homogenization that renders the film both timid and tepid.  Still worse, both script and direction are unfocused, and much of the film is taken up with a tricksy plot device calculated to manipulate viewers into an unexpected identification with Nash's mental illness.<p>The plot device in question is one recently seen in a number of plot-driven films such as THE SIXTH SENSE; here, however, it proves extremely transparent and feels out of place, and since it requires the film to shift gears several times it contributes to the film's lack of flow.  Moreover, it has the effect of presenting the nature of Nash's illness in very glossy terms that fail to really reflect the seriousness of his condition.  It all has a &quot;santitized for your protection&quot; feel.<p>But when the cast has opportunity to shine it shines with considerable brilliance, and in spite of the film's numerous flaws the actors hold the attention from start to finish.  I have never been a fan of Russell Crowe, and I found his performance in the earliest scenes a bit artificial, but he quickly comes to grips with the role and delivers a powerhouse performance that remains in mind long after the film ends.  Jennifer Connelly is equally powerful as wife Alicia, and the supporting cast (which includes Ed Harris, Judd Hirsch, and Christopher Plummer) is extremely fine.  This is not a great film, but it does contain great performances, and I recommend it on that basis.
I just love John Nash, but he wouldn't BE if it weren't for his wonderful wife, Alicia. You can't help but see this was a big message in Ron Howard's choices about directing this movie. First I read the book, A BEAUTIFUL MIND. Then I saw the PBS presentation about John Nash (wonderfully done, by the way). Only then did I want to see the movie. I wanted to see John Nash and not Russell Crowe in a role. Crowe did a darn good job with a very demanding role except for his enunciation periodically when it wasn't necessary for the portrayal, but the role of Alicia, played by Jennifer Connelly, was superb. It was much truer to the Nash's reality. If she hadn't been the compassionate person she is, and Jennifer portrays this so well, John Nash would be either on the streets or dead. Ed Harris was his usual wonderful self. The &quot;treats&quot; were the addition of such icons as Judd Hirsch and Christoper Plummer. This DVD is well worth purchasing and I feel that the original movie might have received more notice at the Academy Awards if Crowe hadn't been acting so, mmmmmmmmm, snotty. His behavior hurt the film's chances of receiving even more of the accolades it deserves. The DVD is extremely clear and the sound is so good that my dog was set off barking frantically in one of the &quot;top secret mail delivery&quot; scenes. A Beautiful Job!
This was a great movie at a great price! But there was a few times in the movie when the DVD was skipping almost like it was scratched even though it was brand new.
Item arrived as described.  No concerns or misrepresentations.  I would definitely buy from this vendor again!  It played without any issues.
I live in US and I didn't know this movie was not watchable in US when I was buying it.<br /><br />I watched the movie on my laptop computer and absolutely loved it. John Nash and his no-ordinary-genious's life. It is adorable. This is one of the must-watch movies.
Great movie. This Blu-Ray looks great. Loved the movie on DVD and this is sweet. Good stuff, buy it now. Ok? Yes, you should buy.
Having read the book, I was quite disappointed with this movie.  Sure, the movie is gripping because the story is tragically sad and the acting is pretty good.  In this sense, the movie does a good of job highlighting the impact of serious mental illness and the need to help those who are dealing with it.  But the problem is that the movie is about a real person, and comparison with the book (which I trust) shows that the movie left out and changed so many key elements that it represents an unacceptable distortion of the truth of John Nash's life.  I could go into detail by giving many examples, but instead I urge you to simply read the book (or listen to the audiobook).  The true story is far more powerful and interesting than this ridiculously popularized movie.
I have been waiting for this movie to come out in BluRay for a long time. Great story, great acting, and great sharp image.
After watching this movie called A Beautiful Mind by Russell Crowe at you tube...but could not watch the full movie.. i was "force" to order it from amazon.com and it was shipped to my address, and i never liked maths in high school. but after watching this! I'm getting A's in all my maths courses in the university. thanks to amazon and to God...if you are finding anything difficult in Life try watching this...it will take you to the next level...i recommend it to all...
Movie was great.  it came in a plastic wrap around the actual CD and it wouldn't play in select DVD players.  I used it for a college review in my sociology class and it was a great pick.  Awesome movie.
There was a special edition VHS that had a "making of" monus material that this dvd did not have so I was a little disappointed in that respect. Otherwise a good investment. The product arrived on time and in good condition.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />An often-moving story, A Beautiful Mind sometimes rambles or takes too long on a dead end of a plotline, but deserves praise for taking one of the most formulaic genres (the biopic) and doing something completely different, mainly successfully.
I'm very touched by the movie, especially the love of John Nash's wife to him. Love is patient, love is endurance, love is not just after one's own benefits, and love shines. And Jennifer Connelly's Oscar is well earned.<br /><br />Highly recommended.
Russel Crow delievers again in this really well done movie. I enjoyed the story a lot and at some points didn't know who to trust. Don't miss this film.
I resisted this movie for awhile. I tend to rebel against anything or anyone who appears to be over-hyped. I got tired of hearing about Russell Crowe. Finally I broke down and bought the movie.<br /><br />In a way, this is two stories in one. The beginning story is totally engrossing and believable. You watch this beautiful mind, this talented man emerge into his field, gather followers, find love, and get an intriguing, dangerous job. Then you learn The Truth.<br /><br />The remainder of the story depicts a man's struggle against his "emotional illness," eventually without the use of drugs (because they diminished his Beautiful Mind, his brilliance).. His struggles to hold onto his beloved wife and family.. and his eventual story of humble triumph.<br /><br />This was a great movie, and made me a Russell Crowe Fan.
Russell Crowe's portrayal of John Nash's life is simply superb.  It will forever stand as the definitive movie on that imperceptible line separating the truly genius from mere mortals.
This is such a great movie on a very complex subject. Schizophrenia is very misunderstood. To watch this man battle his demons, so to speak, as an every day occurrence was fascinating to watch. Although I had seen this movie years ago, watching it again brought back some things that I had forgotten about. Now, I have the opportunity for many more friends to see the movie and give their opinions. I actually have an Abnormal Psychology student that I let watch it so that she could see some of the symptoms of schizophrenia. She said that it actually did help her understand some of the concepts. Regardless of what type of character John Nash may or may not have been, the movie with Russell Crowe is excellent.
I LOVE this movie. Russell Crowe gives a wonderful performance. It is the story of one man's battle with mental illness and would be an inspiration for anybody, with or without problems. I highly recomend it to anybody.
Based on Slyvia Nasar's book; this movie is about John Nash a brilliant mathemitician and code breaker  who in turn suffered from paranoid schizophrenia. In real life John Nash only heard voices and did not see things. He starts at Princeton, where he is accepted into graduate school and where his schizophenria beginngs. He has a roomate played by Paul Bettany and his own close group of friends. He is befrinded by Alicia NAsh one of his students played well by Jennifer Connelly. They marry and throughout their marriage they are  plagued by his continued delusions and hallucinations. His wife knows there's something wrong but will do anything to save her marriage and tries very hard. Ed Harris playes the imaginary government conspirator who leads John to believe his is part of a conspiracy and Paul Bettany playes the imaginary roomate. John Nash is gets so involved with his delusions that it starts to effect his marriage and his life especially after his first son is born. Christopher Plummer plays the psychitrist who tries to help him and does by hospitilation. This is a very emotional movie for anyone that has dealth with schizophrenia. I highly recommend it you will not be disappointed. Ron Howard did a brilliant job directing this movie.
Before watching any Russell Crowe movie, I thought of him as a pretentious jerk.  After watching this movie, (my first RC movie), I fell in love.  So much so that I had to rent  Cinderella Man and Gladiator.  An exceptional actor who took the story of John Nash and made us understand the reality of Schizophrenia.  You would be crazy not to watch this.
This is a superlative film, directed by Ron Howard, someone who is sure to be remembered as a legend in his own time for the number of high quality films that he has directed, thus far. He is certainly one of the finest directors around today, and this film is certainly reflective of his talent. The technique that he employs to illustrate the descent of John Nash into the world of schitzophrenia is highly effective.<br /><br />Loosely based upon the biography of the same name by Sylvia Nasar, the world of schitzophrenia is brought to life in this film by a wonderful screenplay, deft direction, and superb acting. Featuring the life of Nobel Prize laureate, John Nash, this film begins to chronicle his life from 1947, when he was a young, promising, though eccentric, graduate student at Princeton University. The film delineates his lack of social skills, eccentricities, rise to prominence, marriage, and eventual descent into schitzophrenic hell. It follows his battle with madness and his own way of coping with his inner demons. It also shows how Nash's early work proved to be so influential that it netted him a Nobel Prize decades later. While a number of people have objected to the fact that this film leaves out some of the darker sides of Nash, one would do well to remember that this is not a documentary but merely a dramatization.<br /><br />Russell Crowe gives a memorable portrayal of the afflicted and tormented John Nash, beleagured by the devils that existed only in his mind. Ed Harris is compelling as the slightly sinister Parcher, a shadowy government operative whose existence is intertwined with that of John's. Paul Bettany, as he did in the role of Chaucer in "A Knight's Tale", once again almost steals the show in the role of John's alleged roommate and friend, Charles. Christopher Plummer is excellent as Dr. Rosen, the psychiatrist who appeals to the dormant rationality in Nash. While Jennifer Connelly gives a very good performance in the role of Alicia, John's caring wife, it does not rise to the level of Oscar worthy, though she won an Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.<br /><br />This two disc, widescreen, awards edition DVD clinches this as being worthy of five stars. It is an absolutely value laden two disc DVD. The first disc offers a widescreen version of the film in addition to two commentaries. One is by the director, Ron Howard. The other is by the screenwriter, Akiva Goldsman. The second disc is devoted entirely to special features. Particularly memorable is the feature with John Nash himself, explaining his theory on equilibrium. There is also a feature that shows the Nobel Prize awards of 1994 and Nash's acceptance of his in Economics. All in all, this is a great package deal and simply first rate.
I always thought that mathematics could drive a person crazy.<br /><br />After watching A Beautiful Mind, I could verify that my theory is not absolutely preposterous.<br /><br />This drama based on a real life history presents Russell Crowe as John Forbes Nash Jr, a mathematical genius whose mind goes through an intense trip from health to madness to health again. The complexity of the brain and its effects in human behavior are explored with a clarifying view in this film.<br /><br />Nash's story begins in 1947, when the "mysterious genius of West Virginia" arrives at Princeton to attend his studies. Obsessed with come up with a really original idea, Nash is most of the time solving complicated equations in the library, in the large windows of his room and even in the bar where he hangs out with his competitive companions.<br /><br />And it is on a simple day that the idea appears suddenly. His study in the theory of the game audaciously contradicts the Adam Smith's doctrine. One hundred and fifty years of accepted ideas suddenly are not fashionable anymore and Nash's life changes forever. Now working at the recognized MIT, Nash becomes involved with some Cold War investigations, while simultaneously his personal life gives a complete turn when he meets Alicia, a physics student and eventually, his future wife.<br /><br />But the dreamed life of Nash soon crumbles when they diagnose him paranoid schizophrenia. His genius becomes cloudy and from that moment, Nash must fight to apply the logic - the one that once served him to solve complicated theorems- to the disease that every day tries to moves him away more from reality.<br /><br />Narrated from Nash's point of view, the movie tries to baffle us by mixing reality with fantasy; a technique that effectively makes us understand how confused a mind can get.<br /><br />Russell Crowe offers a dramatic interpretation as Nash, as we see him age 40 years in screen. The actor takes a comfortable ride through the different facets of Nash, from the safe, arrogant genius, to the lost and tormented man that`s desperately trying to get rid of his demons.<br /><br />Jennifer Connelly, as Alicia, complements Crowe in all senses. Desolated by the disease of her husband, Alicia fights under pressure to continue loving the upset genius and offering the emotional support that he needs so much.<br /><br />Although inevitably the movie falls with its sentimentality, A Beautiful Mind is a film that's worth watching. Is not about mathematics or the important merits Nash offered to the world. It's about his genius, and how he accomplished to control his delirious and how he became not only a person with a truly great mind, but also with a great heart.
I did like this movie, I didn't htink it wa steh most amazing movie ever but it was a nice stylized trick of having us deeply inside of his delusion before it's revealed that they are just that.  That was a nice touch and I think that Russell Crowe is a very good actor.  I'm always amazed at how much he can change himself to accommodate the character as seeming real.
I saw this movie in the theatre, and was very impressed.  Russell Crowe is a very talented actor, he proved that to in "Gladiator" back in 2000; yet it's a little off course from what John Nash's real life is about.<p>I looked into it more, and found out that John Nash was actually bi-sexual.  This is something that the movie never really hinted at all. I'm not to sure, now that I think about it, but that's pretty significant information that is being withheld.  I guess they omitted it to give us a better opinion of the character; at least that's what I came up with. Another thing that was left out was the fact that Nash eventually got divorced from his wife.  Which is no surprise, they almost made it seem in the movie as if his wife would leave him.  But it did allow the film to be more gratifying and uplifting.<p>I did like the movie; even if some key parts were left out to better the film's stature.  I mean, they do say: "BASED on a true story".  And I can only assume that the main message from John Nash's life story was covered.  On a much more positive note, the direction of the movie was outstanding.  Ron Howard gave us probably his best directing performance since 1995, when he released the blockbuster hit "Apollo 13".  And I think that's what made the film.  The director plays such an important role in the making of movies; more so than the actors most of the time.  <p>This movie is very well done.  It has a great starring cast including Russell Crowe, Ed Harris and Jennifer Connelly.  And being the Awards Edition, you get a great feel for how the movie was made.  I'd recommend this film to anyone.  Anyone at all.  It's very good.
I have not seen this film until recently. I never really cared for this film nor for its leading star, Mr. Russell Crowe. But I happened to be in Blockbuster and I passed by this DVD so I picked it up only to quench my curiosity over why it was named Best Picture. I was amazed at how wonderful 'A Beautiful Mind' turned out. Of course, I liked Ron Howard's past movies 'Apollo 13', 'Backdraft', 'Gung Ho', 'Cocoon', 'Splash' and 'Nightshift', so my expectations were particularly high.<p>Russell Crowe amazed me as he delivered a very good performance as John Nash, a mentally disturbed mathematician genius at Princeton University. Jennifer Connelly reached her all time career peak as the woman Nash falls in love with and has to deal with her husbands problem. The movie is haunting, dark, funny at times, and very touching. I don't really know whether the movie dramatizes too much for movie purposes, but it sure unfolds very well. The makeup work is one of the highlights of the movie. Ed Harris is surprising in his role. <p>In no way is 'A Beautiful Mind' boring nor is it dumb. It sparks excellent performances and a beautiful character-actor picture.<p>Highly Recommended.<p>A
The story of a genius mathmatician at his onset of schizophrenia.  At the time Nash was diagnosed with schizophrenia it was thought that only insulin shock, medicine, and a stress-free life could allow him to function with the schizophrenia.  The medical treatments cost him his ability to solve mathmatical equations and ability to function.  As a man of logic he decided to take the disorder into his own hands.  Since Nash had always had a gift for solving irrational problems why couldn't he solve this one?  I am sure that what Hollywood has given us in this film is far from the truth of what really happened with John Nash, but it was a nice story.  The movie is charged with great actors.  Plus some of the deleted scenes are actually worth watching, a rare find.
For those of us who have read the novel by Sylvia Nasar, this movie will come as a complete surprise.  I remember sitting in the theatre in complete confusion thru portions of the film.  The confusion, however, was finally replaced by the realization of what the makers of this movie were trying to do.<p>The 3 imagined characters were pure fiction and much of the movie was highly fabricated.  The film also entirely omitted the object of Nash's first affair, Eleanor, as well as the son he fathered by her, John David.  <p>As all good movies do, this film had its reasons for proceeding thus.  The story is about Nash's courtship and marriage of Alicia.  It was during this period in his life that he experienced his biggest bouts with mental illness, which is also central to the theme.  To have included Eleanor and John David would have made the movie much longer and the film would have lost its focus.<p>As for Nash's illness itself, to give an accurate account would have made the film wander about without any real direction (which is exactly what Nash himself DID do for several years).  The 3 fictional characters are installed to bring the film a cohesive plot as well as a storyline with a considerable degree of symmetry.<p>Ron Howard does an outstanding job directing this film.  The cast, featuring Russell Crowe, Ed Harris, Christopher Plummer and Jennifer Connoley, is magnificent.  Particularly impressive is Crowe as this role is so very different from his notable performance in GLADIATOR.<p>This is a film that I would recommend everyone adding to their DVD collection.  Movies about the lives of atheletes are commonplace, but films that detail the stories of intellectuals are exceedingly scarce.  For that reason alone, I would admonish all persons to watch this movie.<p>Ultimately, this movie is a REPRESENTATION of Nash's life as opposed to a glossing over of actual events.  However, in Hollywood, as well as storytelling in general, style is something that may trump veracity.  For those who want the full story I recommend Nasar's book by the same name.
It sometimes seems like geniuses live in their own world, apart from the rest of us. In A Beautiful Mind, John Nash, who would later become a Nobel-prize winning Mathemetician, does live in a world of his own. He is a schizophrenic, unable to distinguish between reality and his own imaginings.<p>The people he has imagined seemed so real that I could feel his world crumble when he discovered that he really wasn't part of a top-secret government organization, and that his jocular college roomate is not real either. <p>Russell Crowe makes an amazing transition from playing a tortured, conflicted man struggling with a greater power(Commodus) in the mask of a gladiator to playing a tortured, conflicted man struggling with a greater power(schizophrenia) in the mask of a genius.<p>This is such a unique story for making a movie about, but it works.
This movie is about a man who is sick. I mean he makes up people like friends and other charaters.<br />this man, John Nash is also a genious has been in prestigious school and graduaed.<br />This is is more or less how the movie starts.<br />I really advise peaple to go watch it.
This movie was excellent.  I had no idea of the true story behind this movie, so how the producers introduced the characters (both real and imagined) was exceptional.  I normally don't watch drama's, however, this is a must own.
A Beautiful Mind is one of the best dramatic movies I have ever seen. It won the Oscar for Best Picture which I belive it was. Russell Crowe is simply amazing at playing the part of John Nash. Jennifer Connelly deserved her Oscar for her part as Alicia Nash. Ed Harris did a great job as William Parcher. Christopher Plummer did a good job as Dr. Rosen who tries to help John overcome his problems. Paul Bettany also does a fine job as Charles Herman who is John's laid back roomate at Princeton. Ron Howard definetly deserved his Oscar for Best Director for this film. He's fantastic.<p>The DVD of A Beautiful Mind is extremely well done. The picture is fantastic and well detailed. The colors are so vibrant throughout the film. The sound is perfect the entire film. There are also great special features. <p>A Beautiful Mind tells the biography of the brilliant genius of a mathamatician, John Nash. The movie begins in a mathamatics class at Princeton where John Nash had a scholarship to becuase he is so good with math. His rival is the other winner of the scholarship who is always pressuring John. John's roommate helps John cope with thing when they get tough. John also studies people, animals, and other thing then draws there movement on window panes in his dorm room and the library of the college. Nash struggles throughout the movie with life, but his loving wife is always there to help him. <p>This movie is overall extremely brilliant in everyway. There are several unbeliveable twists that are amazing. The movie is so interesting and somewhat emotional. This movie is a winner. John Nash is a hero for what he had to go through. Hes fantastic. Just buy this film if you haven't seen it because this one's a keeper. Thanks
A Beautiful Mind had everything there needed<br />to be to be the best film on the big screen.I<br />just loved every minute of the film.I have seen<br />every film that Ron Howard has made and there is<br />only one that is greater.Ron is the best.I would<br />recommend this picture to anyone.I laughed and<br />I cried and cheered while watching this film.Not<br />many films can make you do that.I own it on<br />DVD.You should too.
This is one of the best movies I have seen this year. A great performance by both the leading man and woman. A great storty with both action and drama, no needless violence or sex. An adult movie, good direction and great story telling. So many movies seem to be just a showcase for special effects, but forget the story is the thing that makes a movie, without a great story all else is lost. A must see.
It took me awhile to actually get to a theatre to watch this movie, and when I finally did, I couldn't remember why I had waited so long.  I am a huge Russell Crowe fan, as well as a Jennifer Connolly fan, and I was very pleased to see her star in a film side-by-side this amazing actor.  Crowe's performance in portraying John Nash was absolutely unbeatable and I was so absorbed in this movie that when it was over I just wanted to sit in my chair and cry for all those who suffer from mental illness.  Crowe was truly robbed of the oscar by yet another ridiculous political statement.  He is best actor in my book.  See this movie, if you haven't already!!!  It is an experience you won't forget!
This is one of the worst adaptations of a book I have ever seen. I was looking forward to seeing Russell Crowe play John Forbes Nash, Jr. in the adaptation of what is an excellent book. Instead, what I saw was a movie that happens to have the same title as the book and whose main characters also happen to have the same names as those in John Nash's life, but the resemblance doesn't go much beyond that. <p>The movie does focus on one major element from Nash's life, and that was his schizophrenia. Unfortunately, Ron Howard decided to make almost the whole movie about Nash's schizophrenia. In doing this, the movie resembles an X-Files episode more than Nash's real life -- much in the same way other movies allow themselves to take outrageous and interesting plot twists and then the main character wakes up in the end realizing that the things that happened were nothing more than a dream. Nash's life was so much more than his schizophrenia.<p>The film does have its good points. Russell Crowe gives an excellent performance as an academic suffering from delusions. Also at one point in the first 25 minutes of the movie we get a clever -- but much too brief -- taste of what game theory is about, the field in which Nash's work won him a Nobel Prize.
This was a brand new movie and very interesting...thanks.  I had to watch it for a class, but liked it for personal enjoyment also
Kudos to Ron Howard! This is one of the best inspirational movies I have seen in a long time. Nash is more than just an eccentric, nutty Princeton mathematics professor. He has schizophrenia and struggles hard, but like many of us, to 'come to terms' with love, uncertainty, his thoughts, dreams & fantasies, and his perception of reality.<br /><br />The movie also, in some ways, challenges stereotyped ideas about mental illness and our notion of absolute facts and 'truths'. Although the perseverative and psychotic symptoms of Nash's illness are very frustrating to watch, his character invokes enough sympathy to make the viewer almost wish his stories were true and that he's really not mentally ill.<br /><br />Superb acting by Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly and Ed Harris.  Overall, this film creatively and intensely illustrates the power of love and the resiliency & triumph of the human spirit.
Ron Howard and Russell Crowe have finally done it. This movie surprised me from beginning to end. I would have never expected Russell Crowe to give this kind of performance. I'm glad Ron Howard has finally shown his dark side. What I really noticed about this film, thinking about the effect of emotion on eye color, was that Russell's eye color changed from green to blue in some scenes.<br /><br />Ron Howard has shown me that his directing is comparable to Frances Ford Coppola's and Martin Scorsese's. The two roles that Russell Crowe played in The Insider and A Beautiful Mind completely top his Oscar winning role in Gladiator. I loved Jennifer Connely's acting in this movie and the chemistry between Russell and Jennifer was electrifying. People who've said Russell is a one note actor will have a different opinion after seeing this movie.<br /><br />I think Russell Crowe's acting in this film is comparable to my favorites, Marlon Brando and Robert Deniro. I believe there has never been a method actor who has demonstrated such gifted acting as Russell Crowe in this film "A Beautiful Mind."<br /><br />Russell Crowe reminds me of Deniro a lot because of the intensity and sensitive emotion's they both show when acting. Russell gives us a different picture of mental illness when he portrays this geeky, shy, arrogant Dr. Nash. I think this movie is an original movie about an original man, the brilliant genius John Forbes Nash Jr. He is trying to find his original idea and on the way he falls in love with his future wife Alicia, becomes schizophrenic, and begins his long journey to the discovery of a lifetime and what Really matters in life.
The story of John Nash--a brilliant man suffering from disorganized and paranoid thoughts--raises the issue of whether brilliant thoughts and ideas are typically created from those who are, well, a bit insane.  In my own experience, I've seen that those who are quite creative tend to have many quirky personality attributes, some of which would be defined as 'disorders' by pyschologists.  The movie certainly gives the impression that without his schitophrenia, Mr. Nash would not have been able to see the world the way it actually is, especially regarding his scientific theories.  If that's true, it certainly is an interesting subject for future scientists to explore.<p>But I did love the movie.  The acting was quite strong. . . I like the fact that the movie was able to present the 'invisible characters' in Mr. Nash's life in the beginning of the film without openly telling the audience that these individuals don't exist in reality.  That is left for the audience to discover later.  We are as fooled as Mr. Nash is.  That's the point.
My complaints about the movie would have to be that it was too long, and in some parts I found it to be a bit confusing. However, I thought everything else about the movie was well done. The character developement of Alicia Nash was well played, and the delusions were amazing. They pulled you in, and you thought it was going to be some sort of spy action movie, but felt betrayed when you realized the truth. All in all, I would recommend it.
This was a really enjoyable movie, but at some points lacking in depth.  I bought it hoping to get more out of it by multiple viewings as well as the extra material.  Boy was that a mistake.  <p>The mathematics was never really explained, just shown to us by drawings.  I finally bought a copy of a book on the Game Theory in Politics to understand his groundbreaking work.<p>A great movie, it just does not have repeat quality like Gandhi or JFK.  Once you see it, you see it.  As a French minor, I may end up playing the French dubbed version simply to feel like I got my money's worth.  Never a good sign.<p>The stuff on the second disk was basically a waste of time to me.  I'm not interested in how they made a heavy drama like this.  Sure, in animation and action movies these can be interesting, but movies like this do not lend themselves to these featurettes.<p>Still, all in all great performances by all.  I recommend highly you see this movie, just don't buy it.
I was so eager to watch this movie and it was truly worth it..! Usually Oscar winning drama movies have a different taste that you might have difficulties to swallow... but A Beautiful Mind keeps you thrilled and attached to the movie all the way until it ends... it's the kind of story that you never get enough from and keeps you curious until the end!<p>The movie is full of surprises all the way until the end... it's a story of love &amp; struggle and believing in yourself and your love! It's very touchy especially when you know it is a TRUE STORY!
Russell Crowe's performance here was phenomenal (much better than his performance in Gladiator, because this was a much more difficult role to play).<br /><br />A Beautiful Mind is based on the life of John Nash, a brilliant man who, at length, outsmarts his psychological illness.<br /><br />Describing this movie is difficult without giving anything away... Beautiful Mind takes the viewer on a journey, and just when you are sure you know where you are going, you discover that you had never really left in the first place.<br /><br />A most amazing movie with twists and turns that rival The Firm and Sixth Sense. Best picture of the year.
A Beautiful Mind is an example of the rare great hollywood movie with a true and real story attached. Russell Crowe portrays John Nash, a Genius in the field of advanced math and theories of science as well as our economic status. He is plagued with terrible hallucinations throughout his life. Throughout the entire movie you do not know if he is hallucinationg or the things you see are really there. Ron Howard and Brian Grazer along with an award winning cast of writers were able to capture Schizophrenia like no other movie has ever truly been able to do. Ed Harris delivers a suberb performance portraying the object of Nash's hallucinations as a CIA Agent using Nash to decode Russian messages. Nash believes everything he says and even follows it to the letter. Jennifer Connelly also delivers an award winning performace as Nash's faithful wife. She is with Nash through all of his problems and ulitmately cites her as his greatest achievement for all the help and love she gave him. I won't give up the end for you in case you haven't seen it yet, but i will say that it is a fitting ending for an award filled movie.
It's extremely difficult to get into the mind (and therefore the world) of the patient with schizophrenia or a similar thought disorder.  Necessarily simplified from the biography of mathematician John Nash, this film achieves dramatic pace and structure that has no analogue in the life of even some of the most extraordinary individuals suffering from such a condition.  <p>Setting aside the fact that Ron Howard's work is not true to the nominal subject of the movie, however, this film comes laudably close to a good clinical depiction of the desperate vividness of the auditory and visual hallucinations suffered by patients with schizophrenia, including the sort of elaborate structures of delusion which the more intelligent individual has been known to develop.  <p>I would wish that Howard and his associates had managed to portray something more of the adverse effects of the drugs available to treat schizophrenia in the '50s and '60s.  Indeed, I would've liked to have seen Russell Crowe add to his superb performance some intimation of these harrowing elements so that the audience could better understand the pharmacotherapeutic factors that drove Nash to discontinue his neuroleptic medications and undertake what is essentially self-directed cognitive therapy in order to address his thought disorder.  Even the more recently-developed "atypical" antipsychotic medicines have pretty nasty side effects, and we are far from perfection in the medical management of schizophrenia today.  <p>This is in no way a perfect movie, certainly.  It is, however, good art, and we owe the makers of this film our thanks for helping increase the general public awareness of thought disorders.  Schizophrenia is a great deal easier to treat (both with and without neuroleptic agents) when it is brought to appropriate medical attention at the earlier phases of development, and Russell Crowe has succeeding in putting a human face on the disorder -- much as Tom Hanks did for HIV/AIDS in *Philadelphia* -- with great power and (I hope) telling effect.
This performance deserved the Oscar.  Russell Crowe is one of the most diverse actors I have ever seen. He is right in there with Tom Hanks for me.  This movie was good and sad in so many ways. It is an incredible story. I cried with the Professor.  Anyone who hasn't seen this one should.  Ron Howard is to be commended for his directing and as I said Russell Crowe gives just a breathtakingly incredible performance.
This film contains an incredible Oscar-nominated performance by Russell Crowe.  I was lost in his portrayal of the troubled John Nash, and was incredibly impressed.  Jennifer Connelly's Oscar-winning performance truly reveals a wife desperate to help her husband, and some of her moments onscreen are purely inspired.  A powerful story of frustrated genius and love overcoming dire circumstances, &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; is masterful.  The character of Nash reveals a man that finds it difficult to accept his insanity but still can find humor and joy in his life.<br />The deleted scenes are worth purchasing the DVD versus the VHS, revealing a scene with Ron Howard's father as well as John Nash's creation of a mathematically perfect game.  Commentaries offered by the director as well as the screenwriter provide interesting insights into the film.<br />This movie is definitely a must-see, and the DVD and its goodies will only make it better.  (It would be a crime to see this film on pan and scan VHS)
Film, particularly as practiced in Hollywood, is based on audience manipulation. So it's no surprise that lifelong Hollywood resident Ron Howard is a master manipulator. A life spent inside the machine has taught him exactly which buttons to push to get the desired reaction from his audience. He is so skilled at this that we in audience don't mind the manipulation while it's taking place. And &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; may be the most skillfully manipulative of Howard's films. The film hits all the proper emotional notes as it tells its story of love triumphing over adversity. Sadly, it's bunk. Even the most cursory look at the truth behind Nash's life reveals the screenplay adapted from a recent biography of Nash by Akiva Goldsman (who brought us the two most recent, atrocious &quot;Batman&quot; scripts) as sanitized for mass consumption. Gone is any mention of Nash's infidelity and bisexuality, and what are we to make of the &quot;love conquers all&quot; story when we learn that Alicia Nash in fact divorced her husband when his deteriorating mental state became too much to bear. Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connolly give terrific performances, as does Ed Harris playing an invented character who is better developed than many &quot;real&quot; characters in other films. Howard's directorial skill and Crowe's screen charisma even make witnessing such moments as a paranoid Nash slowly sliding down a locked door sobbing in a heap on the floor seem to carry emotional weight (at least until we think about it for more than twenty seconds). This review began as a recommendation and while the film is more worthwhile than most Hollywood product you'll see this year, I'd say just don't expect to gain any insight into the nature of genius, madness, love or any other especially human qualities.
I am so angry that Russell Crowe did not win an Oscar for his performance in A Beautiful Mind. This movie is seriously the movie of the year. Some may not agree but i just found this movie so interesting, exciting, and breathtaking. Russell Crowe is an excellent actor. One would think that he was the real john nash~! and Jennifer Connelly is just wonderful. THe make up and background is great.  I could feel tears in my eyes while i was watching this movie. I recommend everyone to purchase or borrow this movie~!! the DVD offers a lot of commentary and behind the scene footage~! it's worth the money so go get it today~!
This movie is the reason movies are made.  It's an excellent film correctly portraying the life of a schizophrenic while still giving you the hollywood cinematography you'd expect.  By the way, I think the movie that other man was reffering to was Mulholland Drive not falls, in case you were interested in seeing it.
The film A Beautiful Mind is one of much aptitude and anticipation which give this movie a commendable score of nine points out of a feasible ten. The movie manages to twist enough pathos out of John Nash's inconceivable life story to redeem an at-times ludicrous representation of schizophrenia. This film has a large amount of decisive factors that formulate this film to be consequently astonishing. The initial portion of criterion facilitated in this film is its significant performing of the actors. Russell Crowe tackles the role with distinguishing vehemence, in performance of the Nobel prize-winning mathematician from his days at Princeton, where he developed an innovative economic theory. The job made by Crowe is nothing abrupt of immaculateness. Jennifer Connelly outrivals in her role as the accommodating wife, with inconsequential reservations. The acting alone makes this film so immaculate, excluding the acting; there is much that substantiates this film wonderful.<br /> Subsequently, the captivating and inimitable chronicle of the life of John Nash augments the immensity of the film. In the commencement the audience's assessment of the film is scrutiny of a gifted man attending Princeton, who desires to formulate an exalted concept. This by itself is a nonchalant movie; on the contrary the story that is unfolded constructs this to be an irreplaceable story. A first time watcher would not distinguish Nash's schizophrenia and that particular characters do not in reality subsist, as soon as ascertaining this mental mannerism about him it makes you reflect, and accordingly makes the viewer watch it for a second time. If you has not seen this film, it is vastly recommended that it be seen and be taken in by the film's satirical intellect and innovation.
This is another grand triumph for director Ron Howard on the level of his big hit of the eighties, &quot;Cocoon,&quot; and another Oscar caliber performance by Russell Crowe, who dug within himself for the last ounce of intensity and feeling.  &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; provides the trials and tribulations of a man who is exceedingly gifted on the one hand, while riddled with problems on the other.  Crowe does a superb job of balancing the highs and the lows of Nobel economics laureate John Forbes Nash, whose gifts in mathematics coincide with his schizophrenia.<p>Jennifer Connelly blends into the story mix with her highly supportive role of Crowe's wife.  When his long, hard struggle with adversity culminates in the Nobel Prize the emotional highlight of the film arises when Crowe looks into the audience and exclaims, while staring directly at Connelly, that he never could have realized his achievement without love.  He was paying his wife the highest tribute for her unflagging cooperation in the wake of adversity.<p>In dealing with a subject such as schizophrenia, Howard was confronted with the decision of just how to approach it.  He decided on a communicative vehicle that was highly cinematic and enriching in terms of understanding the man and his difficulties.  Howard presents dramatic sequences which Crowe as Nash was convinced actually occurred, even though they were imagined and were an integral part of his schizophrenia.  Ed Harris assumes the role of a master handler leading his subject to clandestine activities, the goal preventing the Soviets from unleashing their powerful nuclear arsenal against America.  Crowe also encounters a happy go lucky roommate who ultimately teaches literature at Harvard, a boozy, &quot;let's enjoy life&quot; intellectual with a reverence for D.H. Lawrence.  His irreverence and &quot;What's the difference?&quot; insouciance is a welcome contrast for Crowe to his own often tragic formality.  Crowe then meets the former roommate's young niece, for whom he quickly develops an affinity.  We then find out from Crowe's psychiatrist, played with just the proper note of empathic sensitivity by Christopher Plummer, that Crowe had no roommate while at Princeton!<p>Another interesting aspect of the film is the recognition by Crowe as Nash that he is truly different from other people.  &quot;We're a couple of odd ducks,&quot; he tells Connelly his student, girlfriend, and ultimately loyal wife.  We see how he copes with social awkwardness in his quest to become the best mathematician he can be.
Having read the biography of the highly complex and none too likable math genius, John Nash, one cannot help but be disappointed in the movie version.  Russell Crowe is superb and brings all his talent and skills into this performance, but mainstream Hollywood director Ron Howard tends to go for general audience appeal.  There should have been more emphasis on the astounding work on game theory that led to his Nobel prize.  And bringing in less flattering aspects of Nash's behavior and brash personality would have made for much better drama than the ones contrived to tug at our heartstrings.  Still, general audiences who know little or nothing of Nash will be impressed with the way the story is spun.  Too bad more of the truth couldn't have been laid out for us to digest.  It's a real life drama that needs no Hollywood gimics or fictionalized script.
Writing a biography is always a tricky thing, causing debates over accuracy.  When some say this guy is a genius, others say he's just a lucky fellow.  And if the person in point is still alive, the case gets more complicated.  So, script writer Akiva Goldsman did something very unique in creating lifestory of John Nash, Nobel-Prize winning mathematician.  <p>Russel Crowe plays this real-life Princeton professor John Nash, whose gifted "beautiful mind" leads his heart to the places where no ordinary persons can imagine to go.  Full of youth, confidence, and a little bit of arrogance, John is finally recruited by America's prestigeous institute, after writing a paper that later greatly influence the theories in economics and other academic fields.  Soon he finds his love in one of his students, and his life seems going smoothly until one gentleman came to him, asking to crack the secret codes from Russia.<p>First, don't try to find anything authentic about Mr. Nashs life; the film is as real as those secret organizations depicted in 007 series.  The director Ron Howard and the writer Goldsman shows the "essence" of his suffering from schizophonia, which is to stay with John Nash from his youth until his age got advanced much later.  Here's the trick of the film (you must see it for yourself), which may leave some viewers embarrassed.  I know some critics who in effect claimed, with some justfication, that this film doesn't pay enough respect to patients of this disease, and I am not perfectly sure how to refute these detractors' claims.<p>The film has, let me assure you, been endowed with power coming from the leading actor Crowe, whose utter failure of "Proof of Life" should be now forgiven and forgotten.  Nash's delicate sensibility is expressed with his gifted performance, and very subtle nuance is conveyed with well-timed lines that suggest his fragile inner feelings (see, for instance, when he is beaten by one of his friends over the GO game, how he mutters with hurt pride: "This games is flawed.")  But it is not fair if he takes all the credits; look the superb job of his special make-up done by wizard Greg Cannom, whose previous work includes "Mrs. Doubtfire" and many, many others.  Remember his name, too.<p>The film ends, I am afraid, not with traditional happy-ending catharsis.  After so long painful years, he is given a Nobel Prize for what he had done long time ago, of which existence, most incredibly, he totally had forgotten.  It looks like a birthday present delivered too late, and you should be reminded one small fact of life: youth is easily lost when you really need it.  <p>Finally, if you ask me this film deserves Oscar, I would answer, considering the line-ups of other contenders of the year 2002, "Yes."  But it is also true (and I hope you think the same way) Ron Howard made better films in the past.  If he is given Oscar, he should have been given one for "Cocoon" or "Apollo 13."
This movie, as a movie, is wonderful. It has a beautiful storyline, amazingly good actors, and a gorgeous score.<p>But, as an adaptation of a book, it is not so good. I read "A Beautiful Mind" this week, and was amazed FAR more by the book, than by the movie, and it disappointed me to realize how much the movie strays from the book. I can understand adaptations like "The Fellowship of the Ring", where a few things are changed, and a chapter left out, but in "A Beautiful Mind" (the book), there wasn't even MENTION of John Forbes Nash, Jr. seeing a government man, a room mate, or a room mate's niece during his schizophrenic years. Rather, he wanted to establish a "World Government", and spent months in Europe trying to renounce his American citizenship and be legally considered a refugee from "'all NATO, Warsaw, Middle East and SEATO pact countries.'" -("A Beautiful Mind", "Citoyen du Monde", page 273, Sylvia Nasar)<p>The movie neglected to point out Nash's struggles with homosexuality, AND with Alicia, whom he divorced and didn't remarry until June of 2001. Nash didn't only have one son, either; he had an affair BEFORE meeting Alicia, and the son he had with Alicia is now, as I write this, suffering from schizophrenia himself, just as his father did. And, near the end of the book, it speaks much of the daily struggle it is for John and Alicia with John's son, John Charles Nash, because of his constant "remissions", and then relapses into schizophrenic hallucinations. I'd hardly call that a completely happy ending; much less happy than the movie made it out to be, anyway.<p>BUT, AS A MOVIE, like I said earlier, minus ALL the strayings from the book, "A Beautiful Mind" is beautiful itself. Russell Crowe is convincing as hell, and deserved the Oscar he didn't get, even if he won for "Gladiator" last year. And Jennifer Connelly... &lt;&lt;sigh>>... is as good as an actress as ever, and deserves the Oscar she got.<p>And the movie, as a whole, deserved the Oscar it got for Best Picture, because, as far as I can tell, it WAS the best picture of 2001.
This is the most terrible mass-appeal ... film in quite a while. Why? Because it's pretending to be something it's not. Couldn't you have guessed that already from the pretentious title?<br />When people are watching this it's like "let's marvel at the amazing ... and feel sorry for his perpetually tormented psyche." yay. Whoever feels they've learned something from watching this film, or been profoundly moved, they're seeing something (substance) which is not really there. Academy Awards' best film of the year, based on the true story of a great man and mathematician, the amusing thrills of his building hallucinations and the mystery of what's real and what's not, thus sharing the confused point of view with Nash - how could it not be great?<br />Well, I found it impossible to suspend my disbelief that this was anything more than a produced and manufactured film written at the level of a young adult fiction story which was meaningful in clothing but a stick figure underneath...or something...<br />There's just nothing there. I don't know what else to say.<p>Yeah, you people feel sorry for Nash when you watch this. But if you met the real Nash you wouldn't be nearly so sympathetic. That really makes me mad. Leave the people you consider 'different' ... alone if all you want is entertainment and not actually be interested in learning anything (whether it be in an emotional, philosophical, artistic or informative sense) or at least be real with them.<p>This ...movie was a hit and won 4 Academy Awards. ...Beautiful Mind is misleadingly presented as if it were a deep film or something. It's quite anger-inspiring, like a high school cheerleader girl who feigns confidence but is secretly insecure.<br />And most people don't even notice she's pretending.<p>I bet few people will find this review helpful.
I am amazed by the carping critics who deride the skill of Howard, Crowe,Connelly, et al, in conveying a powerful, moving story of the redemptive power of human love and the strength of human character to overcome one's own demons,real or imagined. To have slavishly followed Nash's biography would have detracted and distracted from the focus and eloquence of this film. Watching these talented actors perform with a wonderful script under the skillful direction of Ron Howard is a rare treat. Crowe's performances through Insider, Gladiator and now Beautiful Mind confirm that he is a true acting genius. This film will be recognized over time as a masterpiece and will never become dated or maudlin.The viewers should immerse themselves in the beauty and stength of this film,and the important issues presented, and not worry if every character flaw or problem in Nash's life is explored. For that, the book serves the purpose. Meanwhile, we should  appreciate this gem.
Hands down one of the year's most solid films.  Stunning performances by both Russell Crowe and Jennifer Connely in a<br />beautifully directed film. This film not only moves but inspires. Not a dry eye in the house.
This item took a little longer to get here then I thought it should.<br />I was going to use it as a Christmas present but it didn't get here<br />in time for that so I had to use it as a Birthday present instead.<br />The price was a good one for this movie and the person I gave it to<br />really liked it.
If he is the person responsible for his body of work, then John Nash cutely explained mathematically human decision making.  Kind of that game that celebrity poker players on tv play when they are bored, "What would Johnny Lautner(sp?) think?" where they guess what someone would think is the right answer about someone else NOT what the actual answer is - but what would Johnny or Jennifer think it is!"  That is a very cute and super impressive smart thing to create.  And could a crazy person (I don't believe there is such a thing as crazy) or rather someone who is distracted and exhausted by imaginary friends  - would he really be able to focus enough to carve out his excellent understanding of human nature and his strong mathematical ability to accomplish what John Nash did?  So I only watched the ending of the film because it looked unrelateable and unattractive to me, I couldn't trust any of the characters around the main character and I certainly don't enjoy people acting like crazy is an actual state of mind instead of an alibi to get away with murder a la Vincent "The Chin" Gigante (Jay Leno, anyone?)  Too bad that most of the movie is about flailing at invisible to everyone else Paul Bettany (WHO would imagine Paul Bettany?) instead of what the actual theory is because I bet a lot of Americans would be interested and really enjoy sitting around playing with his theory, at least people who enjoy following WWE and Gangstarapper gossip would.  So fun but unexplored by Richie Cunningham who doesn't make bad movies but I just don't understand why he focused on Nash's alleged cuckoo for cocoa puff-ness.  These are the kinds of people who should get accepted into the Ivy League, not name droppers, social climbers and show-offs!  We wouldn't envy people who got into these schools when we didn't; we'd be grateful and rejoice!
I thoroughly enjoyed 'A Beautiful Mind.' It's one of those very rare movies made for an audience of reasonably mature and intelligent adults as opposed to low IQ inner-city gangbangers with a mental age of around 14 who seem to be the target audience of most Hollywood fare today.<br /><br />The plot is different and holds our interest to the end; the camera work is technical perfection with none of that faddish hand-held camera nonsense; the Princeton settings are gorgeous; and the actors are without exception excellent, with Russell Crowe giving a sensitive and totally convincing performance as the brilliant and afflicted mathematician, John Nash, a man suffering from schizophrenia.<br /><br />But what exactly is schizophrenia? According to Wikipedia, it is "a mental disorder characterized by abnormalities in the perception or expression of reality. It most commonly manifests as auditory hallucinations, paranoid or bizarre delusions, or disorganized speech and thinking with significant social or occupational dysfunction" (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schizophrenia).<br /><br />This seems clear enough, since we have all been convinced of the reality of "mental" illness. But if we turn to Thomas Szasz <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0815602243">Schizophrenia: The Sacred Symbol of Psychiatry</a> we find a highly intelligent professional psychiatrist informing us that, not only is schizophrenia a myth, but that there is no such thing as "mental illness", the term "illness" being something that can legitimately be applied only to physical bodies and not to minds, mind being something of an entirely different order.<br /><br />So what's going on here? In the movie, Nash is eventually able to come to terms with his schizophrenia by realizing that the figures he continues to hallucinate, and who seem to him to be flesh-and-blood realities every bit as real as the people around him, are wholly illusory and simply projections of his own mind.<br /><br />If he had been born in Asia and had come in contact with the non-dual perspective he might have learned that the whole of reality is similarly a projection of mind and entirely illusory; that his mind is only doing what is natural to it in projecting a world made entirely of Consciousness; and that the only difference between him and others is that, by some quirk, his mind has added a few extra events (which only he is able to perceive) to the world he shares with all of us. He might then have gone on to realize that, by leading him to a truer understanding of mind, what seemed to him at first to be a curse was in fact a Grace.<br /><br />These notions lead us into the field of Nonduality and anyone interested in pursuing them further could do no better than to read a book such as Leo Hartong's <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0954779215">Awakening to the Dream</a>. Of the vast literature on Nonduality, this is the simplest and clearest account I've ever found.<br /><br />But to return to the movie, please don't miss it. At its best, the modern movie can and should be a work of art, and the movie 'A Beautiful Mind' certainly qualifies as that.
I cannot remember being so impressed with a movie.  Russell Crowe was outstanding and although I did not know the story of John Nash I shall never forget it now I have seen the film.  Russell Crowe's performance was totally believable and shocking, yet one can feel only sympathy, pride and joy for John Nash as a man.  The whole production was unique.  All Oscars well deserved.
3 1/2 STARS...<p>I honestly had no desire on seeing this film. Once I saw the trailer and heard Russell Crowe sporting that horrible accent I knew that I would be dissapointed with him as I was with 'Gladiator'. There was that flaw and the fact that Ron Howard who is NOT one of my favorite director (i.e. Far and Away, Apollo 13, Dr. Suess' How the Grinch whatever) However, I can now say that film is actually good. Ron Howard didn't [mess] it up that bad. Russell Crowe, I can now say, was totally magnificent! I felt for him so much. I mean I actually cared for the poor [man]. Now, I really want him to win that Oscar. I probably sound stupid but he really should. ... Russell can give his Oscar to Rush and keep this year's statue. I was also surprised with Jennifer Connely. I loved her in 'Requiem' and I was kind of surprised that she even took the role seeing that she was being the indi queen for the moment. She will also win for best supporting actress. ...<p> Still, RON HOWARD should NOT win best director. How can one direct a biographical piece if one takes out the most personal stuff? Howard neglected the fact that John Nash was bisexual. Eventhough he put it in their very cleaverly but totally unclearly, I think that it would have made the film a whole lot interesting. Just thinking that Howard had to ignore that fact just so he could make 'A Beautiful Mind' a mainstream PG-13 rated film is just sleazy. <p>I also thought the film was rather long than usual. I think this is because Mr. Howard abuses the title card effect to denote that the years gone by. It was totally annoying because I had to start all over again with liking the film. I mean I did a lot but I had to do it far more than once.<p>'A Beautiful Mind' could have been a great film. It is a good film. I like it. But Howard just [upset] me ... with his hiding behind the bush about Nash's sexuality.
I know Nash from game theory classes, specifically for his most prodigious econometric contribution that's popularly known as Nash Equilibrium, a way of describing how people caught in a strategic decision-making situation may respond based on their assumptions about each others' behaviour.<br /><br />Not only is that pivotal element skipped (except for fine print in the epilogue), casual viewers may also come away thinking that he was some sort of cross between a paranoid pseudo-codebreaker gone awry, and a crazy genius who devised a mathematical approach for picking up women and then forgot all about it.<br /><br />Russel Crowe may have been twice as credible if he didn't struggle to imitate Geoffrey Rush in Shine or Fred Gwynne as one of the Munsters. Well, Ok, I am over-analyzing. Jennifer Connelly does well to potray a doting wife, but the fact that his real-world wife had divorced Nash is totally ignored. For that matter, we're never even told that their son, also an ingenious math whiz and a schizophrenic, suffered as much at the hands of fate and society as his father.<br /><br />Why was a more honest, less Hollywoodized depiction of the mathematician so difficult to manage? None of such facts would have lessened Nash's accomplishment or undermined the originality of his contributions, but their omission suggests that the director was not confident in addressing the audience as grown-ups.<br /><br />If you know little about John Nash -- the troubled, violent, gifted mathematician --  this may come across as a very well made movie, as the numerous accolades it bagged may prove. But the film in its half-baked form is a bit of a gyp for anyone who knows a bit about the man and his much grander complexity. I still give it three stars for holding your attention, but I wonder if anyone would willingly watch it more than once.
Russell Crowe deserved every award received for this poignant and sensitive portrayal of John Nash.  In the span of decades we are taken from John's young manhood through old age and watch in wonder as he deals with his profession, his colleagues, his wonderful and loving wife and baby, and his imagined reality, all through the fog of mental illness.  We never once look down on his actions, although the scene with the baby in the bathtub is both horrifying and sobering, and we root for him to somehow pull the tattered fringes of his mind together and find peace within.<br /><br />Crowe's tortured performance along with a superb supporting cast, including Jennifer Connely as his supportive wife, will stay with you long after the last scenes.<br /><br />The score is moving and Ron Howard's direction reminds us why he is one of the best in the movie-making business.
Truly awe-inspiring. A beautiful work piece that is never disappointing. Wonderful cinematography. Unlike this review, the movie flows gracefully without being choppy. There are so many more good things to be said about this movie. 2 more things: Russel Crow is such an amazing actor and seems to perfectly elude the character of John Nash. James Horner does some excellent work with the score, although it does seem to be a little repetative in some places.
"A Beautiful Mind" has been the subject of much pre-Oscar controversy; some of the charges against this film are more valid than others.  Critics have been coming out of the woodwork and accusing director Ron Howard of dodging some throny issues in his film biography of math wizard John Nash (accusations have ranged from Nash's alleged homosexuality to even anti-semitism).  In addition, the casting of Jennifer Connelly as Nash's long suffering wife has provoked the wrath of some in the Latino community (Nash's wife is really from El Salvador).  Regardless of the above, "A Beautiful Mind" is a good film on its own terms.  Russell Crowe gives a powerhouse performance as the professor suffering with scizophrenia.  This must have been a tricky role to play, but Crowe pulls it off without faking a single move.  Jennifer Connelly was better in the far edgier "Requiem for a Dream," but she shines in her role as the long-suffering wife.  Howard competently directs the film with feeling and at a reasonable pace, although the spotlight really belongs to Crowe.  I wouldn't look to this film for hard facts on Nash, but nonetheless I recommend it on the strength of the film's stellar performances.
I think so!  A Beautiful Mind is "Movie Of The Week" material that at times seems to parody mental illness.  It misses it's mark from start to finish. Russell Crowe's job wasn't Oscar worthy in my opinion. And this is quite possibly one of Ed Harris' worst on screen performances. He's such a great actor. How did he get talked into this role?  Since I wasted my $...at the theater, I don't intend on wasting double that to own this disappointment. A big blemish on Ron Howard's otherwise notable directing career.  Use the $$ for a pizza and a movie rental from your local video store.
Pretty much what I expected: corny, mushy, and almost annoyingly feel-good. Add some cheesy music by James Horner for good measure, and you have a typical Ron Howard film. My biggest complaint about this movie is that it's just a simple chronicle of events rather than a character study, and we learn very little about John Forbes Nash Jr. other than the fact that he is a math genius and a schizophrenic. The movie tries to cram too much into the allotted 2 hours, and it inevitably feels rushed and choppy. All of the peripheral characters are also very poorly developed and the strong supporting cast is mostly wasted in thankless roles. <p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well. It's not an Oscar caliber film, and the acting isn't as great as the rave reviews it's been garnering (it'll almost certainly get some Oscar nods though), but definitely worth watching.
Interesting story, whether accurate or not.  Excellent acting by Crowe, Connelly and, as always, Ed Harris.  Way too long, the story could have been adequately & eloquently told in under 2 hours.  <p>And the music!  The entire viewing experience would have been more captivating and less maudlin with an occasional change in tempo.  I found myself thinking too often "I got the point half an hour ago, move on."  <p>Too bad.  I really like Ron Howard movies, appreciate a good story, and such outstanding acting is not to be overlooked or undermined.  My recommendation is to make sure you are in a very patient frame of mind when you head out the door to see this one.  You will be glad you didn't waste your movie money on a mindless action film or one of the ever-prevalent animated adventures, but this movie may put you in the mood to see another movie!<p>Sorry, Opie.
If they had an Academy Award for most-hyped movie, this one would win. It was dull. Period. I think Ron Howard's ego finally got the better of him. <p>Looking at the trailer you probably got the impression this was a about a math genius who was working for the government and had some sort of mental disorder (at least that's what I thought). Without giving too much of the movie away, it's about a dull nerd who's lost in delusions. And I have to admit, I spent a lot of time fast forwarding, otherwise I would've ejected it. <p>There was a scene in the beginning of the movie where professors perform some pen ceremony on a prestigious faculty member: they go up one at a time and place a pen in front of him and congratulate him. This scene takes place right after a dean just told the nutso star of this bomb he wasn't doing a good job as a student. Now you know at the end of the movie the nutso's going to get pens, too. Talk about telegraphing a scene to the audience. <p>And many of the scenes were unnecessarily long...way too long. <p>In summation: long, dull story. I would only recommend buying or renting this movie if you're an insomniac. It'll cure you.
I didn't know what to expect when I first saw this movie at the theaters.  It is a different, but yet pleasant surprise type of movie.  One that shows how much our minds are taken for granted!
Let's be clear from the start:  This is a movie about A Nobel Prize winning mathematician that suffers from schizophrenia named John Nash.  However, this is not the true-life story of THE John Nash, a Nobel Prize winning mathematician that suffers from schizophrenia.  Nor is this the screen adaptation of the book &quot;A Beautiful Mind,&quot; by Sylvia Nasar.  The two share a title, a mental illness, and character names but little else.<p>That said, the movie does an excellent job of portraying the life of a promenant individual who suffered from many classic symptoms of schizophrenia in the 60's &amp; 70's.  But it does not present the illness from both sides equally.  We see how the main character (not named in this section to avoid confusion) is afflicted, but we do not see enough of what those around him see.  Nor does it quite arrive at showing how glorious the &quot;light at the end of tunnel&quot; is after decades of fighting the darkness.<p>The movie does not discuss John &amp; Alicia's real-life divorce, the repeated coast-to-coast trips, or the years John spent living in Europe.  And definately does not offer any hints at John's experiments with homosexuality (discussed at length in the text, but reportedly excluded at Nash's request).<p>In short, this movie is a starting place for future movies about mental illness, but is not an end-all experience.
A beautifully filmed, well acted, touching movie.  I waited two years after its release to see it and regret that I did so.  This is one of the few perfect movies I have ever seen.  A perfect movie is one that could not, in my humble opinion, have been any better than it is.  Russell Crowe is perfectly cast.  The music score is wonderful.  The cinematography is top of the art.  The story, based on the life of a noted living mathematician, is complicated but deftly handled. When &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; won Best Picture at the Academy Awards over &quot;The Fellowship of the Ring,&quot; I was sorely disappointed.  But now that I've finally seen it, I know why it won.  And now it's on my &quot;Top Ten Movies of All Time&quot; list.  Watch it and I bet it'll be on yours too.
Rusell Crowe comes back with an outstanding performance that brings back to mind his role in Michael Mann's "The Insider," where he played the role of a former executive from a tobacco company that becomes persecuted by the company because how much he knew. This time around, he plays the role of mathematician John Nash, a brilliant mind who stands out of the rest of his peers while he attended Princeton. This put him in a position where he was bound to be involved with the Department of Defense in Top Secret operations, as "the world's best natural code-braker." However his mind plays games with him and drives him down a cliff of paranoia, ending up diagnosed with schizophrenia. His trip back from this problem with the help of his loving wife Alicia (played by beautiful Jennifer Connelly -"Requiem for a Dream") takes a central place in the movie, until he learns to live with the visions of his past that surround him while he gets in touch once again with what's real in life...<p>A movie with a beautiful message of what's possible with the help of love and determination. See it. You will like it.
A Beautiful Mind, nominated for eight Academy Awards, manages to twist enough feeling out of John Nash's incredible life story to redeem an at times ludicrous portrayal of schizophrenia.  Russell Crowe, who endures the role with characteristic fervor of John Nash, was known to be enthralled with Nash to the point where he even attempted to emulate his flurry of hand gestures. The Nobel prize-winning mathematician developed a groundbreaking economic theory while at Princeton, to only be topped by his appearance on the cover of Forbes magazine and to become a professor at MIT, followed by his demise brought on by his schizophrenic delusions. These delusions were portrayed in the film by means of director Ron Howard, but predictably they go astray. Nash begins to believe this "altered" world is his reality which is populated by a maniacal Department of Defense agent, played by Ed Harris, an imagined college roommate who seems right out of Dead Poet's Society, and an orphaned girl. These characters are represented so favorably that the audience begins to wonder if schizophrenia is really as slick as it is depicted. Crowe's physical intensity drags the viewer along as he works admirably to carry the film. No doubt the story of Nash's amazing will to recover his life with out the aid of medication is a worthy one, which makes his eventual triumph heartening. Unfortunately, Howard's flashy style is unable to convey much of it.<br /><br /> There are several important elements in Nash's very influential life that have been overlooked. For one, his most prestigious theory which was the Nash Equilibrium, which is a way of describing how people caught in a strategic decision-making situation may respond based on their assumptions about each others' behavior. Not only is this pivotal element skipped, except for in the fine print of the epilogue, casual viewers may also come away thinking that he was some sort of cross between a paranoid pseudo-code breaker gone awry, and a crazy genius who devised a mathematical approach for picking up women and then forgot all about it. A little less Hollywood depiction would have been nice but the film is still deserving of the four Academy Awards achieved in 2001 for best picture, best director (Howard), best supporting actress (Connelly), and best adapted screenplay (Goldsman). Crowe's depiction of Nash earned him an Academy Award Nomination, which is generous in my opinion.
In the movie 'A Beautiful Mind' we are supposed to understand and sympathize with John Nash as he battles schizophrenia.  But what astounds me about this movie is that it never explains schizophrenia.  Most people still think it's that MULTIPLE PERSONALITY URBAN MYTH.  They might think the imaginary roommate is personality #2.<br /><br />I must also add that I read the book and the movie and book are extremely different.  The movie is the HOLLYWOOD VERSION.  Most of the stuff in the movie is fictional.
I should have walked out of this movie 30 minutes into the show. I am amazed at the level of "cookie-cutter" sentimentality and plot ploys that were contrived to produce this movie. The dialogue was so lame I found myself audibly snorting in disbelief. And what about Jennifer Connelly? Was that acting? Rusell Crowe did a two-star job under horrible, flat directing. A Beautiful Mind insults all of our original and good instincts. What a piece of garbage!!
I knew this movie would be a disappointment, and I was right.  It left me untouched, unmoved, and failed to evoke any emotions in me.  Acting was OK.  Story and plot were weak.  Nothing much happens here.  There is very little to keep anyone awake or interested.  And yes, as many viewers point out, the whole &quot;love saves the day&quot; thing made me nauseous.  After &quot;Gladiator&quot; won Best Picture last year, I knew anything the Academy did afterwards would be utterly ridiculous.  I was right again.  This was a potentially interesting premise totally squandered by sentiment, cliche and swelling violins.  Ugh, the more I think about it, the more I don't like it.
Despite the fact that the acting and makeup in this movie were well done, A Beautiful Mind suffers from Hollywood syndrome. Ron Howard's directing has never impressed me, and this movie is no exception. Generic classical techniques flood this film, and even when the camera is doing something interesting, there is more of an emphasis on &quot;money shots&quot; than anything else. If anything the plot was coherent and possessed a few points that were somewhat clever, but that does not help the unoriginality of this film. Like Men of Honor, this is a typical overdramatic biography film that suffers from exaggerated dialogue, stale camerawork, and as always a predictable score, chock full of soaring violins and oodles of crecendo. Once again the acting was not bad, but it still suffered from the melodramatic plague that has infected nearly every Holloywood blockbuster in the past decade. The pacing of this movie also suffered greatly, for it either moved way too slowly or too awkwardly. At times some scenes seemed thrown together or piled on. Bluntly put, this film just did not interest me. It was not realistic enough to come across as a biography (due to the score, acting, and dialogue), not paced well enough to make a great deal of sense, excruciatingly long and painful to watch, and not compelling enough in regards to both the plot and the esthetics. If you must see this film, wait until it is released on video and rent it. This could pass as Oscar material, but only because Mr. Howard has pulled every old trick out of the proverbial book. Save your money and your 2 hours.
The best part of the film were when the leading character was delusional. That's not a good basis for a film to grow off of, especially when sanity brings the viewer a happy boring ending. There was no real romance to speak of, instead the idea of exchanging bodily fluids and skipping any small talk prevailed. The director Ron Howard reaffirms that he does not know how to craft love stories.<br /><br />I did not find the characters to be believable as portrayed. The acting by Russell Crowe was horrific. The phoniness of his stammering accent reminds me of having sticky fingers. You can't get rid of it and the longer it goes on the more annonying it gets. His wife lacked any character development. She is similar to an immovable pillar which remains in the same spot and the same shape less some aging. I can hear Crowe's character saying, "that's a good wife, now stand over there and cry when I get all the accolade."<br /><br />The makeup showing the aging of characters appeared planned and formulated. It was great the first dozen movies we saw it but now it doesn't work. I found myself successfully guessing where the plastic pieces were applied to the faces. There wasn't much else to do as I was completely bored waiting for the credits to roll finally releasing me from this yawner.<br /><br />I will give the movie 3 stars. It was average at best. The editing, soundtrack and portrayal by some supporing actors were the only things saving it from a lower score. Wait for it to appear on TV. This movie won 4 academy awards. It is a terrible example of 'excellence' in film.
I heard that this was a great movie, so I decided to rent it.  I was very disappointed with the movie.  Most of the time, I couldn't tell what was real and what wasn't.  I definitely would not recomment this movie to anyone.
The protagonist John Nash,a mathematic genius,is so talented that he increasingly becomes pshycotic.During the movie the viewer becomes more and more confused and will not be able to understand &quot;A BEAUTIFUL MIND&quot; straightaway.That is the reason for just 3 out of 5 stars.Russel Crowe presents in an amazing way the illness of John Nash.To my mind you have to see the movie at least twice to understand this masterpiece.<br />My recommandation:do not despair during the movie because in the end you will check it all.It is worth to see it,but not a must.
I never liked this guy. He was never interesting. I thought he was less intelegent than his peers. As for the Movie...... I love Ron Howard but this one was a Dead film....<br /><br />I watched it again:<br /><br />This movie was alot better the second time. I guess you have to hate the main charicter to like him. I changed my star ratting from a 2 star to a 4.
This was probably the most confusing (& boring) movie I've tried to watch in a long time.  The critics gave it such rave reviews that I should have known it would be a real snore!
I absolutely, 150% HATED this movie!...  After getting so many great reviews and winning 4 Oscars, I was excited to see this movie.  What a disappointment it turned out to be! The acting wasn't terrible on the actors and actresses part, but the whole plot was horrific! I can't believe this movie got such great reviews! ... It's such a shame such an amazing and inspiring story was put to pieces.
I bought this movie because everybody was saying it was good but when I saw it I thought it was long and boring I mean in order to see it you need a dictionary to understand each word they say in it or be really smart , but what I found interesting was the twist which fooled me and I like it because how it was presented. The dvd has lots of stuff for you to watch which is pretty good but thats about it.
this movie confused the hell out of me, probably because i read the book (excellent).<br /><br />unfortunately terribly inaccurate and unnecessarily sentimental fluff in hollywood = garner awards and praise<br /><br />that blonde in the bar scene is just awful and a completely incorrect notion of a nash equilibrium.
I couldn't relate to or appreciate this movie.  Actors seem unworldly and certainly like no one I ever knew.
Many a source material have lent themselves quite admirably to the cinematic arts. Think of any successful page-to-screen translation (it'll come to you). Sadly, however, this adaptation of the book of the same name could only leave the viewer wanting rather than entertained or enthralled. Whether it was the leaden pace, the stilted, almost comical dialogue or the complete absence of any discernible direction I cannot say with any degree of certainty, having neither the desire nor the $3.50 to rent this movie. However, I can state with some assurance that as an individual who has experienced far more than his fair share of emotional, physical and financial disappointment that this film, like almost everything that has transpired in my life, would undoubtedly fall far short of even my meager, ever dwindling expections....
I didn't like this movie.  Russel Crowe sucks!  But Jennifer Connely is so hot!!
In a day and age where many movies are simply fluff, this movie has shone beyond many others in being profound, moving, and overall a powerful story. It gives us a great survey of complex human emotions, mental illness, perseverance, love and ambition.<br /><br />The character development is wonderful. Paul Bettany is simply FANTASTIC here. Particularly vivid in this film is the portrait of a genius gone schizophrenic (Russel Crowe) and a loving wife who is at her wits end but still responds in a loving and caring way (Jennifer Connelly).<br /><br />The setting of this film, being Princeton, adds to the overall esthetics of the film. The scenery is simply marvelous!<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie!!
This film was just flat out enticing. I have watched it over and over again, and it never seems to lose its value. Crowe is a great actor, and pulls off his role with perfection. This is one of my most favorite movies ever, and is one of the very few that ever made me tear up. Some may find the beginning to be a little slow, but after about twenty minutes of watching, you'll be hooked. Don't miss this one!!!
If you are planning to buy or rent this movie to know the story of John Nash, you should read the book instead.  The only similarity between the movie and the biography was that he was nuts and he was brilliant.<p>Another review mentioned this was the true story of John Nash.  Nothing can be further from the truth.  In the movie Nash was working for the government to protect against the Russians.  In his bio he was actually talking to space aliens about forming a world government.  Also there was no mention of Nash's many relationships with men in the movie.<p>A few other facts about Nash not mentioned in the movie was that he has an illegitimate son.  He was not the loving, caring husband the movie made him out to be.  In fact he was a real jerk for a long time.  He didn't even try to care for anyone.<p>I saw the movie and then read the book.  I still think &quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; was a good movie, but it wasn't even close to being an accurate protrayal of Nash.
There are some problems with seeing a movie for the first time a few months after it's release.  You read reviews and the side articles, and an image appears in your mind as to what you are about to see even before you see it.  You read how much of the movie is fiction.  You read (and read and read) articles about how Russell Crowe is such a jerk.  And then you actually see the movie.  <p>With all the above baggage, there is added about halfway through the film a turn that throws you for a loop.  Not exactly the same way as &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; or &quot;The Others&quot;, but the same in the sense that you are jolted into rethinking what you have been shown.  Unlike those other two movies, where the shockers are at the end, and it explains everything, in this movie, it appears in the middle.  You now have the rest of the movie to decide if you've been cheated.  Without revealing anything, I'll say, like the other two movies, all the clues are there if you've paid attention. <p>So I liked it for that, and I liked it for the performances.  I didn't like Russell Crowe in &quot;Gladiator&quot; because he was too much of a superman.  But in this one you get to see a performance of a character who probably thinks he is the smartest person in the world, and therefore somehow evolutionarily above just about everyone else.  To see some humbleness being introduced when this crumbles is done very well.  When he regains his prestige, however, he descends into another kind of hell, and it's not so much the descent as the recovery that is heartwarming.  Once again, he finds he has to interact with other humans to truly find happiness.<p>There is also a great supporting cast, especially Jennifer Connelly.  During the first part of the movie, there is nothing special there, but as Crowe's illness reaches dangerous levels, how she takes over is work that deserves the Oscar she got.  Considering she has to interact with someone who most of the time would prefer not to interact with anyone, how she finally gets into his world helps make the movie a joy to watch.
A Beautiful mind is an astonishing movie.It is one of the best movies I have seen.Crowe plays John Forbes Nash Jr., a brilliant real-life mathematician and Nobel Prize winner, now in his 70s, who's also a real-life schizophrenic. But when we first meet him as a Princeton graduate student, he's just another eccentric genius, a loner obsessed with finding a truly original idea.It's also an amazing flim because it explains about the illness schizophrenia and makes people understand about the illness and it makes them learn more about schizophrenia.It also makes me like it even more because it just shows no matter how ill you are, if there is somebody to support and give you courage it may cure a bit of the illness just.Jennifer Connelly goes away with an Oscar for best supporting actress. It is always difficult to avoid getting lost in the presence of an actor as powerful as Russell Crowe, but Connelly stays right with him, delivering a moving performance as Nash's steadfast wife.Ron Howard has done excellent work as a director for which he has gotten little credit over the years. With this film comes a best director Oscar and a best picture Oscar and finally the recognition he deserves. Howard has always been good at presenting human stories, be they comedy or drama such as the ones he has so far directed:Splash, Cocoon, Backdraft, Apollo 13.A great deal of dramatic license is taken since Nash freely admits that he has little recollection of the years when he suffered from the disease. The powerful speech at the end of the film where he thanks his wife after receiving his Nobel Prize is pure Hollywood. DVD features include commentary by Ron Howard, deleted scenes with Howard's commentary, meeting John Nash, special effects featurette, and more. Oscar winner for best picture, best director, best supporting actress and best adapted screenplay. A must to your collection. If you like this movie I would reccomend Rat Race.
I saw the movie before its Oscar success.  I was dissapointed in the movie then and very dissapointed it won "Best Picture".  Its not as moving or emotional as I would expect....and the story line dissapointed me.....I actually thought the main character was going to get involved with the government and the cold war, etc. (I obviously did not know the story of Nash prior to my viewing!) thinking it would be an action-drama style movie.  He's insane?  What?  What a rip-off.  If he contributed to the world of math, the movie didn't really develope his contribution...I think I would have enjoyed the movie better if they had explored that more than the insanity stuff.  I was reading Neal Stephenson's most excellent book "Cryptonomicon" at the time and I thought this movie was in the same line.  Well, I still gave it 3 stars, which is average....definitely not best picture.
My high rating is based on the superior quality of acting, of course, but also on what I (a layman) view as an exceptionally effective dramatic visual presentation of schizophrenic paranoia. Characters which interact with Nash throughout the film accomplish for me what an expert's clinical (albeit patient) explanation never could. Given the number of people afflicted with this disease, especially those among them not as yet correctly diagnosed, much less properly treated, this film will serve commendable humanitarian purposes while at the same time providing superior entertainment. Ron Howard and all of his associates are to be commended for their unique and compelling cinematic achievement.
While "A Beautiful Mind" is a bibliography movie to some folks and a love one to some others, I view it as an art movie. It is a powerful story of mental struggle and spiritual triumph (or survival, or concession, depending on how you look at it). The three delusional images Nash has reflect three basic desires in one's real life --(Parcher) a grand mission toward the society and history that makes one feel self-important and competent, (Charles) a lifetime friendship that disregards the external society but comforts and encourages your innest soul, and (Marcy) a chance of giving and caring for the weaker and the<br />younger. These desires die hard. I found it extremely touching when Dr. Rosen said to Alicia (Mr. Nash's wife), "imagine ... they have been your best friends, now they are not dead, they are not gone, but worse, they have never been...", and when Nash told Alicia, "sometimes I really miss talking to him [Charles]". The fact that Nash has a loving wife from the very beginning and an academic recognition in the end actually made his transition to the "real world" much easier, as he satisfied some of the desires in an alternative way, imagine other schizophrenia patients who have nothing to hang on to in their "real world". The first half of the movie is wisely tricky, the second is exceptionally powerful, and the music is extraordinary.
A beautiful mind is a heartfelt rendering of what would otherwise have just been another biography.  It allows the viewer to appreciate the complexities of schitzophrenia, but achieves this without cramming a medical textbook down the viewer's throat.This may all be largely due to Ron Howard's directing, and the great performances by Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connely, Ed Harris, and the whole gamut of supporting actors and actresses.  However, praise should be given the entire cast and crew for making us appreciate that poeple struggling with schitzophrenia, or any disease for that matter, are not that entriely different from everybody else.  They are ordinary people, just like us, struggling everyday to make the best out of what they have.
My husband and I see a lot of movies,<br />and we have very divergent tastes, but<br />after seeing this film for the first<br />time we were blown away and agreed that<br />it was the best film either of us had<br />ever seen. Russell Crowe performance<br />was brilliant, the story was powerful,<br />human, absorbing, astounding and as big<br />as the starry night sky Crowe's character<br />reveals to Jennifer Connelly's.
I must live in a cave, because I managed to see this movie without knowing too much about it in advance - a strategy I highly recommend to anyone not already familiar with the plot.  <p>There are a few things I can tell you that won't give anything away.  This is the first time I've ever understood the attraction of Russell Crowe.  It's not his looks, it's that he's smart sexy - amply on display through the movie.  His performance is consistently spectacular, from the big moments to the small ones.  Jennifer Connelly gives a wonderfully balanced performance as his loyal wife.  Not too sappy, not too rigid.  Director Ron Howard has done a great job of taking the outline of Nash's story and turning into a compelling movie.  <p>Stop reading right now and go see the movie.
&quot;A Beautiful Mind&quot; is a film that may take you by surprise due to the fact that it's excellence lives up to the high expectations that the hype surrounding it has created for it. I went in curious and excited, but wondering how a biopic could be that intriguing. What I found interesting about it is that I didn't know what part of the film to pay attention to: the story, the acting, the gorgeous cinematography and color scheme, or the score.  Each seems to be a creature of its own and it's almost too much to try and incorporate them into one film and accept them all at once.<p>As a film though, this one succeeds at a new level. Howard's style is engrossing and make the subject matter -Math, John Forbes Nash, and Schizophrenia- interesting. There's a scene when Nash tells his girlfriend (to-be wife) to pick a shape, he then proceeds to find that pattern in the sky, and Howard shows us what he sees. You are instantly made part of the film. In fact, Howard continually and ceaselessly shows us what Nash sees, which brings us into a different world; and this leads to a new portion of the storyline and integration with the rest of the film, though we may not know it. Nash's genius consists of the fact that he can see patterns in almost everything, leading him to be obsessively preoccupied with everything around him, we see what he sees. This contributes to his schizophrenia when he sees hallucinations, which we as an audience believe are real until we learn what is and what isn't. When he doubts, we doubt. It's an incredible way to keep us hooked, but not the only thing.<p>The performances in this film are singularly marvelous. Watching Russell Crowe is like watching a little child in awe. He mumbles and does little hand motions and talks to himself and slumps and frowns and grins and looks like he has three hundred things whizzing around in his mind all at once. He's mezmerizing, and his body language and complete intensity makes up for his rather annoying accent. Jennifer Connelly, I believe, is the shining star of this film due to the fact that she doesn't have such the weight of stardom on her shoulders, but her performance is completely realistic and her subtlety and strength powerfully drive the character into a realm where any bit of a lesser actress would have failed miserably.<p>And though it may not be as important, I feel that I must comment on it. The score by James Horner is beautiful. Due to the score, the beginning of the film, as in as soon as the film starts, is excellent. You wonder where it's going and where it'll start. It keeps the intensity and it's lushness throughout the film and only heightens the experience. Along side John Williams Harry Potter score this is the best score of the year, one of the best i've ever heard. Not to mention the outstanding costumes which looked incredibly comfortable, or the world that the cinematography evoked. You could feel each breeze, the rain, and the warmth in each scene.<p>This is a fantastic film, and I daresay it grew on me. I went out of one mode into this unusual world of academics and insanity and basically lost myself in a way I never expected to in a drama.
This resulted in four well-deserved Academy Awards in 2002: Best Picture for Brian Grazer and the people at Imagine Entertainment, Ron Howard for his direction, Jennifer Connelly for her supporting role, and Akive Goldsman for his script adapted from Sylvia Nasar's biography.  It is a beautiful and touching movie, uplifting and full of a lot of things that Hollywood does very well.<br /><br />Russell Crowe is believable as the arrogant yet vulnerable mathematician John Nash who fell into paranoid schizophrenia while an undergraduate at Princeton University.  A philandering and selfish man who is paradoxically almost as lovable as Albert Einstein, Nash can also be humble and exhibit a wry, self-effacing sense of humor.  To me he is a great hero, not because of his work in Game Theory for which he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics, but because he is one of the very few people ever to conquer, as it were, schizophrenia.<br /><br />In the outstanding documentary from The American Experience PBS series, "A Brilliant Madness" (2002) Nash explains how he did it: he just stopped listening to the voices.  The voices that the paranoid schizophrenic hears are inside his head and they are amazingly persuasive; the delusions are as compelling as monstrous personages come to life, vivid, demanding, in many ways more "real" than the reality we normally experience.  So it really was heroic of John Nash to come to grips with his delusions and to mentally shove them aside.  The vast majority of paranoid schizophrenics can never do that.<br /><br />Yet the movie merely resembles his life and his singular experience.  Goldsman's script and Howard's direction take the life of John Nash and distill the essence of his triumph while brushing aside many of the unpleasant and non-heroic details.  I don't object to this because this movie is clearly aimed at the widest possible audience, and I appreciate the wisdom of that approach.  But for those of you interested in a more comprehensive and objective picture of the man I can recommend both the documentary mentioned above and Nasar's biography.  I especially found it valuable to view the one-hour documentary because to actually see the man and to hear him speak allowed me to better appreciate the fine performance by Russell Crowe.<br /><br />I found Jennifer Connelly absolutely mesmerizing as Alicia (not to mention gorgeous).  Ed Harris was a hardcore graphic nightmare as the unrelenting Parcher while Paul Bettany was intriguing and clever as Nash's nonexistent buddy.  Howard's direction not only got excellent work from everybody, but he was able to bring the pathos and exhilaration of Nash's life to the audience in a very satisfying way emotionally.  If you can watch this without shedding a tear or two you may want to check your synaptic connections.  Incidentally the makeup work on Crowe and Connelly to allow us the illusion of the passing years was outstanding (and got an Oscar nomination).<br /><br />The key to the movie and to Howard's vision is the way that the real world and the Nash's delusional world are meshed.  It's clear he wanted to compel the audience to share the paranoid schizophrenic experience.  While not a paranoid schizophrenic myself I have known people who are, and I have had similar, limited experiences myself under certain, shall we say, circumstances.  The sheer terror that can sometimes be felt came through in the car chase scene (yes, Howard managed to get one in) while Nash's obsessive energy was revealed on the walls of the rooms that he had completely covered with pages from magazines that he had frantically searched looking for secret Soviet codes.<br /><br />Some quibbles: while undergraduates loved beer then as they do now, they did not in 1946 go out for pizza, and if they had they would have called it "pizza pie."  There were no pizza parlors and no pizza at the market.  If you went to an Italian restaurant you had spaghetti or ravioli, and the pizza that was served was mostly bread with a thin topping of cheese and sauce, nothing like the great thin platters we have today.<br /><br />New Zealander Russell Crowe's West Virginia accent faded in some scenes only to return strong in another.  Incidentally he is not to be confused with Cameron Crowe, who wrote the script for Fast Times at Ridgemont High (1982) and directed such films as Jerry Maguire (1996) and Almost Famous (2000).  Russell Crowe has starred in a number of excellent movies including Proof (1991), LA Confidential (1997), The Insider (1999), etc.<br /><br />Also, no mention in the movie is made of Nash's homosexual experiences nor of his running away to Europe or his desire to renounce his US citizenship.  I understand that Howard decided to leave out the homosexual angle because associating homosexuality with schizophrenia would open a can of worms that would detract from the theme of the movie.  Also left out was Nash's other paternity with a woman he never married.<br /><br />Nash is not a saint, but he is a hero, and this beautiful movie is a fine tribute to him and his accomplishments.
This moving, very stirring film required several viewings on my part.  First of all, I had to get over the disappointment that A BEAUTIFUL MIND beat out &quot;The Fellowship of the Ring&quot; as the Best Picture of 2001--a disappointment that created an inherent bias in my not-so-beautiful mind.  Second, all of the Hollywood embellishments in this film had to be dismissed as inconsequential to the overall magnitude of the story--a story about a very real man with a very real illness.<p>And it is here--the story--that A BEAUTIFUL MIND excels.  The human mind is a complex, often unforgiving organ that tends to confuse its owner over what is real, and what is an illusion.  And thus the distinction between reality and illusion becomes blurred, a disturbing development that leads to complete dysfunction.  Princeton mathematician John Nash succumbed to the power of his mind to distort reality; the resulting battle to conquer his demons--aided by the unwavering support of a loving wife--is a compelling, wonderful story.<p>Russell Crowe delivers a riveting performance, but needs to work on his West Virgina accent.  Jennifer Connelly, Christopher Plummer, and Ed Harris are sensational.  I'm still a little miffed that this film won Best Picture, but darn glad A BEAUTIFUL MIND is in my video collection.<br />--D. Mikels
I first saw this movie about five years ago. My wife had asked me to go see it with her. After we watched, I said to her, `I don't know how to tell you this, but I got to tell you something, and it is kinda hard to say." She said, "Go ahead, honey." So I said to her, "I don't know what that stuff is that Crowe has in that movie......" She says, "go on." "But I have it, too." She then says, "Well, we got to get you some help." The next day she tells me the soonest a psychiatrist can see me is in a month and a half. I tell her that I can't last that long. I need to see someone right away. A psychiatrist tells her to take me to the nearest ER room at a hospital.<br /><br />Sitting in front of the ER doctor at a large hospital in the Denver suburbs, the doctor asks me, "So what's bothering you?" I tell him, "Oh, nothing really." (I'm afraid they are going to lock me up forever.) My wife across the little room says, "You have to tell him everything, to get help." So I proceed to tell him, "I'm hearing voices which are telling me to do terrible things. They are loud command voices, they don't stop, and I can't deal with it anymore. They say people in the neighborhood are plotting to kill me and my family."<br /><br />He says, "Oh, you must have a microchip in the back of your head."<br /><br />I exclaim back, "No, no, that's not possible! I never had a chip operation... I have a tooth. It's in the back of my mouth. It has a large filling in it. I got it when I was 15. The dentist put two pins in it, and the pins act like a harmonic receiver for a satellite in the sky." Then I paused again and looked over at my wife, and she said, "You got to keep going." I continued, "They are sending the voices to me through this tooth, and they can hear what I am saying when I speak. I am part of a super-secret military project, and they're communicating with me. For future one-man missions."<br /><br />The doctor then left, and came back a few minutes later with two armed hospital guards. He read me my rights, and informed me that the state of Colorado allows him to put me on a 3-day involuntary commitment to get me medication and counseling. I was ready to jump right out of there, but my wife said, "They are going to help you, but you have to let them." So I went along with them to the psych ward of that general hospital, and they helped me by giving me a 10mg dose of tongue dissolvable Zyprexa, and I slept for about 19 hours. When I woke up, they let me talk to the doctor and some counselors. The medication gave me a clear brain, and stopped the voices and delusions. They released me to my wife that day (the day after admitting me). My wife was an angel.<br /><br />This movie, that "3-day commitment", and the doctors & nurses with the meds are some of the best things that have every happened in my life. This movie gave me the courage to seek help. It is hard to take the news that I was not part of a special super-secret military project for 19 years. But instead I have a serious, chronic, incurable, brain disease. But that's life, that's my life. I now accept the fact that I have the brain disorder known as schizoaffective. It reminds me of the movie, "Predator". And it terrifies me.<br /><br />Other people here have commented that the film does not portray the actual life of John Nash. Well, maybe it's because the real story of schizophrenia is too depressing for people to want to pay money to see. There simply is no pretty Hollywood ending to our story. And besides, Hollywood has skewed other films in the past that were supposedly about the life of a real person.<br /><br />One that comes to mind so unnervingly is the movie, "Emily Rose." Talk about a farce! Oh, this movie was "INSPIRED BY" the life of Emily Rose. And then two consultants to the film with the title of Msr. in front of their names (this stands for Catholic monsignor priest) proceeded to make a girl's paranoid manic psychotic episode look like demon possession. That was cute. And what a cruel joke it is to all of us who suffer from psychotic brain disease (about 8 million US people - paranoid schizophrenia, psychotic bipolar I, psychotic depression & post-partum depression).<br /><br />I can hardly wait until the researchers find a cure for this illness. Hopefully within the next 20 to 30 years. I hope and pray for this everyday. I'm sure John does, too. For the sake of our children.<br /><br />You won't hear from many people with psychotic based-illness. It is simply too horrific to talk about. You can take my word for it. I say this because you all have paid a lot of money to send me to some of the world's best schools. Schools which uniquely teach soldiers how to look fear in its face, to confront it, and then to walk right through it. As I have posted before, and in spite of this myriad of specialized training, it still terrifies me to talk about this disease like I am doing now, and it takes a terrible toll.<br /><br />To everyone who had a part in making this film, thank you. Thank you for saving my life, literally. I really appreciate that. So do my wife and two children. And thank you, John, for telling your story. You have helped us all. You will never know how much, because we simply cannot talk about it. As you already know.
It's easy to be critical of the portrayal of schizophrenia if you understand it well, or if you are schizophrenic yourself.  However, I know little about the subject.  Further, I know very little about John Nash's life.  Therefore, any criticism related to either I must ignore because of the beauty of the movie and the triumph of the character.<p>John Nash is one of those very rare people on spaceship earth:  a true genius.  The movie does a pretty decent job at providing examples of his genius.  There's no need to dwell on the subject, because it's pretty evident from his mannerisms that this guy is in a place that you and I will never truly understand.<p>Russell Crowe is more than good in the role of John Nash, he is truly outstanding.  As I compare his performance in &quot;Gladiator&quot; to his performance in this movie, which stretches his abilities significantly in areas that &quot;Gladiator&quot; merely explored, I have come to realize that Russell Crowe is a one of the great actors of our time.  Perhaps schizophrenia is not as seamless as portrayed in the movie, but with 120 minutes to work with, I was thoroughly convinced.<p>I was also very absorbed by the choice that Nash made.  He could either keep taking the medication, or choose to fight his problem and regain his mathematical abilities, and some control over his life.  He chose the second.  To make such a choice reminded me of Charlie in a similarly poignant story, &quot;Flowers for Algernon&quot; by Daniel Keyes, which was the basis for the movie &quot;Charley&quot; with Cliff Robertson.  Only in that story Charlie had no choice he could make other than to fight.  In a way, Nash fought and never truly won, but was able to overcome his difficulties well enough to be functional.<p>Jennifer Connelly, who I enjoyed in &quot;Labyrinth&quot;, &quot;The Rocketeer&quot; and &quot;Dark City&quot;, among others, is all grown up and performs at the same level as Russell Crowe, well deserving of an Oscar.  Jennifer too deserves the appellation of &quot;great&quot;.  She will definitely be in high demand in the future.  By the way, she is prettier than she has ever been.<p>This edition of the movie features 2 discs with all kinds of extras.  I don't quite understand why the full screen edition costs more than the wide screen edition (which is what I purchased), but either is worth the price.  I won't bother to give you all the extras you get, but there is a lot.<p>I found that at the end of the movie I got a bit teary-eyed, and my wife did not.  After discussing the movie with several other people, I found that for some reason this movie tends to be more emotional for men than women.  I was unable to find a good reason for this, but I find the phenomenon interesting, since usually it is the other way around.  My point is that if you found the ending moving and left you with a really good feeling, then you probably understood the movie and this is clearly a movie you should own.  If you sat there and said to yourself, &quot;What in the heck was that all about?&quot;, then this isn't the movie for you.
While "A Beautiful Mind" is a bibliography movie to some folks and a love one to some others, I view it as an art movie. It is a powerful story of mental struggle and spiritual triumph (or survival, or concession, depending on how you look at it). The three delusional images Nash has reflect three basic desires in one's real life --(Parcher) a grand mission toward the society and history that makes one feel self-important and competent, (Charles) a lifetime friendship that disregards the external society but comforts and encourages your innest soul, and (Marcy) a chance of giving and caring for the weaker and the<br />younger. These desires die hard. I found it extremely touching when Dr. Rosen said to Alicia (Mr. Nash's wife), "imagine ... they have been your best friends, now they are not dead, they are not gone, but worse, they have never been...", and when Nash told Alicia, "sometimes I really miss talking to him [Charles]". The fact that Nash has a loving wife from the very beginning and an academic recognition in the end actually made his transition to the "real world" much easier, as he satisfied some of the desires in an alternative way, imagine other schizophrenia patients who have nothing to hang on to in their "real world". The first half of the movie is wisely tricky, the second is exceptionally powerful, and the music is extraordinary.
Sorry, but while great film has the responsibility for excellence in script, direction, acting and cinematography, when it lies by selective ommissions from truth, it is propoganda, not art.<br />Biographer SYLVIA NASAR has defended screenwriter AKIVA<br />GOLDSMAN's decision to omit certain details about mathematician JOHNFORBES NASH from his film A BEAUTIFUL MIND.<br />Fans of the GOLDEN GLOBE-winning writer's biography about the former schizophrenic have criticized both Goldsman and the movie's director RON HOWARD for ignoring significant aspects of Nash's life - including his homosexual tendencies, that he fathered an illegitimate child and that he and his wife ALICIA divorced shortly after his schizophrenia was diagnosed.<br />In the film, JENNIFER CONNELLY, who plays Alicia, stands by her troubled husband's side throughout his mental problems, and Nash, played by RUSSELL CROWE, is portrayed as an upstanding and resolutely heterosexual man.<br />Sorry folks, but without truth there's no beauty when beauty proports to be truth and not fantasy. .
Well, it appears that this film made enough academy members weep and decide finally to throw an Oscar Ron Howard's way (which he truly has deserved in the past), but this film is not nearly as remarkable or memorable as these awards would suggest.  [Just read what the serious reviewers had to say at rottentomatoes.]<p>In addition to the fact that it is in essence a &quot;fictionalization&quot; of Nash's life, I found the film uneven and, gasp, even boring!  And what's worse, much to my friends' horror, I found I didn't even care about the John Nash portrayed in the film.  As portrayed he is certainly a tragic figure, but despite Howard's often over-wrought style, Crowe's Nash is not particularly noble, courageous or even likable.  I didn't feel much if anything for this man, but I know that I'm supposed to like him because that's Russell Crowe up there on the screen and that's Ron Howard directing him.  Well, rather than swallow this bland bait, I'd rather watch something meaningful.  I guess that's why I'm not an academy voter...<p>If you want to watch this as a work of fiction, and you can stomach the manipulative tenor of Howard's direction, I guess you'll like &quot;A Beautiful Mind.&quot;  If, however, you care about legitimate portrayals of historical figures, and you'd rather not have the director play on your emotions without any real substance to back it up, don't bother.  There are scores of films that are much more beautiful out there.
I thoroughly enjoyed 'A Beautiful Mind.' It's one of those very rare movies made for an audience of reasonably mature and intelligent adults as opposed to low IQ inner-city gangbangers with a mental age of around 14 who seem to be the target audience of most Hollywood fare today.<br /><br />The plot is different and holds our interest to the end; the camera work is technical perfection with none of that faddish hand-held camera nonsense; the Princeton settings are gorgeous; and the actors are without exception excellent, with Russell Crowe giving a sensitive and totally convincing performance as the brilliant and afflicted mathematician, John Nash, a man suffering from schizophrenia.<br /><br />But what exactly is schizophrenia? According to Wikipedia, it is "a mental disorder characterized by abnormalities in the perception or expression of reality. It most commonly manifests as auditory hallucinations, paranoid or bizarre delusions, or disorganized speech and thinking with significant social or occupational dysfunction" (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schizophrenia).<br /><br />This seems clear enough, since we have all been convinced of the reality of "mental" illness. But if we turn to Thomas Szasz <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0815602243">Schizophrenia: The Sacred Symbol of Psychiatry</a> we find a highly intelligent professional psychiatrist informing us that, not only is schizophrenia a myth, but that there is no such thing as "mental illness", the term "illness" being something that can legitimately be applied only to physical bodies and not to minds, mind being something of an entirely different order.<br /><br />So what's going on here? In the movie, Nash is eventually able to come to terms with his schizophrenia by realizing that the figures he continues to hallucinate, and who seem to him to be flesh-and-blood realities every bit as real as the people around him, are wholly illusory and simply projections of his own mind.<br /><br />If he had been born in Asia and had come in contact with the non-dual perspective he might have learned that the whole of reality is similarly a projection of mind and entirely illusory; that his mind is only doing what is natural to it in projecting a world made entirely of Consciousness; and that the only difference between him and others is that, by some quirk, his mind has added a few extra events (which only he is able to perceive) to the world he shares with all of us. He might then have gone on to realize that, by leading him to a truer understanding of mind, what seemed to him at first to be a curse was in fact a Grace.<br /><br />These notions lead us into the field of Nonduality and anyone interested in pursuing them further could do no better than to read a book such as Leo Hartong's <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0954779215">Awakening to the Dream</a>. Of the vast literature on Nonduality, this is the simplest and clearest account I've ever found.<br /><br />But to return to the movie, please don't miss it. At its best, the modern movie can and should be a work of art, and the movie 'A Beautiful Mind' certainly qualifies as that.
Una de las mejores peliculas que he visto!<br />Nos presenta la vida de una persona extremadamente inteligente, que padece de una enfermedade mental. Se ve por todo lo que tiene que pasar atravez de su vida, y como afecta no solo a el sino tambien a los que lo rodean.
A fascinating movie with interesting plot twists.  I'm not sure I would use the adjective beautiful to describe his mind.  At least there's a happy ending.
I thought highly of this movie until I actually watched it. This film is not entirely bad but it's not entirely good either.<br />While watching it, I spent a good amount of time waiting for something to happen. It was a bit dull and drawn out most of the time. the dialogue was also equally dull and predictable. As for directing, Ron Howard hasn't done anything that impressive.<br /><br />I understand that the directors of In the Bedroom and Fellowship the Ring were also nominated in the best director category. Both deserved the award more than Howard.<br />Especialy when you consider the fact that what Peter Jackson did (and is still doing with) Lord of The Rings was revolutionary. Fellowship of the Rings is a masterpiece that will go down in history. A Beautiful Mind, a piece of sentimental, hollywood nonsense, certainly will not. After that helicopter shot of Nash riding his bicycle in the mathematical infinity symbol with what was supposed to be inspiring music playing in the background, I had to resist the temptation of pushing the stop/eject button on my VCR.<br />The message was indeed inspiring. Jenifer's performance was excellent. But that's about it. In fact, if you wan't so see Jenifer at her best, go rent Requiem for a Dream.
From the perspective of the working mathematician, the good news is that a major feature film blockbuster was made about a mathematician. The bad news is that the major reason it was made was due to his mental illness. John Nash is a mathematician whose work in the theory of games won him a Nobel Prize in economics, and yet he suffers from mental illness that was so severe that he sometimes literally lived in another world.<br /> Mathematically speaking, the producers do as good a job as possible of explaining the significance of Nash's work. Using the model of lecherous graduate students cooperating in an attempt to woo the sexual favors of a beautiful woman made for a very funny scene. Some of the scenes are very intense, and there are times when you really do not know what is portraying accurate events and what is simply due to the actions of Nash's mind. Russell Crowe is superb as John Nash, he plays all scenes very well, especially those where he is acting out the fantasies.<br /> As is always the case, the producers use a great deal of poetic license in portraying the actual events of Nash's life. Nevertheless, there are some scenes that are very accurate and that math professors can relate to. The later scenes of him in a classroom and when his colleagues pay tribute to him are very touching and do accurately portray the life of a professor. I feel that all mathematicians should watch this film. Not for the mathematics or the history, but for the realization that the public will appreciate a good story, even if it involves a schizophrenic mathematical genius.<p>Charles Ashbacher, co-editor, Journal of Recreational Mathematics
The praise heaped onto "A Beautiful Mind" befuddles me. This film, who's only redeeming quality is Russell Crowe's marvelous performance(Say what you want about the man's personal life, you cannot deny that he can act), is dull and lifeless. In fact, without that performance, the film is little better than a TV movie of the week. <p>The story, following the life of Mathmatician John Nash, is plagued by the dull pacing and scant charachterization that only Akiva Goldsman, the writer of such classics as "Lost in Space" and "Batman & Robin", can provide. Only the Nash charachter is given any insight, as Jennifer Connelley's charachter, Nash's wife Alicia, is little more than a cipher, her reasons for loving Nash never explained, as Nash appears downright unlovable. I would say that her winning an Oscar for this and Crowe's being passed over is akin to Kim Basinger winning for "LA Confidential" and Crowe not even being nominated, except that "Confidential" was so much better a film, that the comparison would be insulting. <p>The direction is standard Ron Howard, which is to say workmanlike, hetting the job done, with few stylistic flashes, and not much else. He fails to elicit much from any actor besides Crowe, and since Crowe has publicly said that Opie let him "be himself"(read: let him do whatever he wanted), the director deserves little of teh credut he gets. Make no mistake, I like most of Ron Howards movies, but have never considered them Oscar Worthy, with the exception of Apollo 13, which was had a superior script and superior actors.<p>The biggest problem with the story is in how Nash overcomes his mental problems. He goes, in a montage, from being a paranoid to a nobel winner without any explination for his progress besides "love". Cute, but it doesn't wash. There is much to Nash's battle with his demons to be praised, but the movie glosses over the "how" so that it can show you how great what he did was. If only they showed how he did it.<p>In the end, Crowe was the only one worthy of an award for this film. Everything else is plain and uninvolving. It is an average film at best, and without Crowe, wouldn't have won a single award, or have been noticed at all. Too bad he picked the role.
A Beautiful Mind is not a great movie, certainly not 2001's best film, but it's a respectable effort from director Ron Howard, and especially writer Akiva Goldsman, who was partially responsible for the travesty that was Batman and Robin. This biographical drama focuses on the life of John Nash, the genius who developed a radical concept on game theory. I'd rather not say further about the story, since there's a big plot twist halfway through that definitely puts a spin on much of the material that came before it.<p>As most have heard, A Beautiful Mind is largely inaccurate in its depiction of John Nash's life. Did I really care? Not particularly. I'd be a fool to expect a film based on facts to adhere entirely to the truth. Rather, I'm basing my opinion on how well-crafted the movie is, and how well it succeeded on what it was trying to be, that is, a film meant to inspire with its theme of love (and besides, I seriously doubt all the indiscretions of Nash's life would mesh well with that, so I'm wondering if the film's detractors really want to see all of Nash's odd behavior portrayed or if they're just looking for something to complain about). So how does this film come across as a feel good drama? Not bad.<p>First off, I'd like to mention that Ron Howard's direction and Goldsman's screenwriting are easily the film's weakest points, and not deserving of the Oscars they received. As has been evident in previous works, Howard is not a master of subtlety, and as best as he tries, he obviously doesn't have a firm grasp of what's genuinely good drama. A lot of the film's emotional moments are overdone and pure Hollywood; there's typical shouting, crying, and glass-breaking, nothing I haven't seen before.  While I have a lot to complain about Howard's direction, he's fine when it comes to pacing and style, and yes, the film itself does look very lovely and polished.<p>Definitely by far the film's weakest segment is in the last ten or so minutes, when we witness Nash age and receive his nobel prize. That alone doesn't sound so awful, but unfortunately, we get a speech that lamely hammers home the movie's message, that of how we must rely on emotion and love over cold intellect to solve our problems and survive in this world. It had already seemed obvious that was what the film had been striving to say throughout its rather lengthy running time, and I sure as hell didn't need Howard to blindly forcefeed the theme in such a manner.<p>Since I've done nothing but complain up to this point, you might wonder why it is I consider this film above average. The answer's simple. This all works thanks to Russell Crowe as John Nash and Jennifer Connelly as his wife, particularly the latter, who delivers a magnificent performance worthy of far more screen time (it's all the more disappointing to see that we never even find out what she does for a living, considering she was the one supporting Nash in his later, troubled years). Crowe is in very fine form in the lead, both sympathetic and likeable, though some of his tics seem more like obvious attempts at acting rather than genuine eccentric behavior.<p>Schizophrenia is a disease that's dealt with in the film. I've never studied up much on it, though on my paltry knowledge alone, I probably know far more than most Hollywood (most often, as in the case with Me, Myself, and Irene, filmmakers seem to think schizophrenia is just another term for multiple identity disorder). (moderate spoiler) I don't know how accurate A Beautiful Mind's portrayal of this mental illness is, but the Nash in the movie hardly seems like a true "loony," and the film makes the disease seem a bit easier to handle than it probably is (Nash sees a few people who aren't there, and at one point, even reasons that they can't be there). Much like the rest of the film, the handling of this topic feels Hollywood, but also like the rest of the film, it's handled competently and in a fairly riveting fasion.<br />*** 1/2 out of *****
Russell Crowe goes over and above any performance of his to date.  Ron Howard directs what most certainly is his best movie to date.  This real-life story of a genius who lived in two worlds, his own, and the real world.  This story is very interesting because it throws you for a loop, kind of in the same genre of the sixth-sense.  Any more information would really ruin the movie for those who have not seen it.  This movie does not dissapoint, and deserves the awards it has already won.  In an era of low-rent movie making, this movie stands high in every aspect.
Russell Crowe stars as the mathematician John F. Nash. John isn't social or popular and he's definitely not a ladies man, but he is gifted with a brilliant mind. He solves equation after equation, looking for an original idea to become well known and respected. He is hired by William Parcher (Ed Harris) to break codes during a Russian conspiracy. Everything is going well until the doctors make a shocking discovery that makes him realize he is suffering from schizophrenia. His wife, Alicia (Jennifer Connelly) is there with him through the hospitalizations and the obstacles he has to overcome.<p>A Beautiful Mind is thought provoking, intense and the acting and writing is superb. It won four Oscars, including best picture, best director (Ron Howard), best screenplay (Akiva Goldsman) and best supporting actress (Jennifer Connelly). Although, the Academy made a mistake by not giving the best actor award to Russell Crowe. He was outstanding in this film.<p>Jennifer Connelly's performance was also excellent and very deserving of an Oscar. She was exquisite. You can truly see her struggle to help her husband, to raise her son and to stay sane herself. <p>A Beautiful Mind is the best movie of 2001. It will have you crying, laughing and cheering. Highly recommended!
A pretty good movie.  Outstanding performances by everyone, but a kind of &quot;so what?&quot; articulation of Nash's story.  I think it would have had more impact if we had seen more of both his genius (not the BS with him doing nonsensical stuff, but actually doing math relating to his theory that won the Prize) and his illness.  The movie at a minimum should have given more information about Nash's unique contribution to Mathematics.  All told, it got about 2 minutes, as compared to the amount of time given his hallucinations.
After looking at several other reviews, I'll be the counter- point.  First of all, no question that Crowe did an excellent job.  However, maybe because my education is all in mathematics, I was looking for something more ... including a better, more accurate, characterization of the mathematical setting Nash found himself in.  Didn't happen.<p>I don't believe the film was intended to be a documentary - Howard could have done much better at that.  It evidently wasn't a biography either.  What then was it?  A story about mathematics and/or a mathematician?  A study in mental disorders?  If it was intended to be either, it fell short.  On the one hand the &quot;person in the street&quot; could not get much of a feel for Nash and his contribution to mathematics from this film ... an important and significant omission.  On the other, nothing really was said regarding the events leading up to THE high point of his career - achieving the Nobel Prize.  Ya just can't leave this kind of stuff out in a flick like this!!  Moreover, there is no Nobel in mathematics and that is a significant point in this case.<p>If this was a study in mental disorder all I can say is it was way too shallow.<p>Glad I saw it, wouldn't see it again.
