I recently purchased/watched this movie,I actually really liked it alot. The picture quality of my dvd was good and clear. For this movie to be low budget,I thought it was very funny/tastefully done. It's nice to get an uncensored male prospective(s) on love,sex and relationships. I recommend that people purchase this movie, especially if you're looking for some good laughs !
'Issues' stars Laz Alonso and Ben Watkins, playing two room mates fumbling to find love, get laid, and pay their bills.  Their luck improves when an old roommate is replaced with a female room mate who helps the two guys see the light of day about men, women and what matters in relationships, while striving for her own thespian aspirations. The real lesson she teaches them is how to be a friend to a woman and make space for them in their lives, rather than merely her pants. After all, the two protagonist real fear is not knowing or finding love in a world where love is rare.  Some might be bored with the idea of a movie that doesn't portray black men killing each other, dealing drugs, or destroying the local community, but this one is a lot of fun. For an independent film the cinematography is more than decent.  There are more than few clunkers of films out there, but this one is a pleasant 87 minutes. The final scene is a fine one where the guys' father comes to the financial rescue and pays the mortgage on the dwelling they are sharing, perhaps alleviating the stress they have in meeting one of their expenses. Does this help from daddy make it possible to concentrate on learning to love and appreciate women as friends and companions? You'll have to get this dvd to find out.
I rented this from the video store and could not believe my eyes when I saw what a poor quality film it was.  It looks like this is home movie shot with one camera because you constantly see the camera shifting from actor to actor.
hey i like these type of movies people call them camcorder movies read who made the movie before you buy these black movies
I've enjoyed previous movies that Laz Alonso was in, like "Stomp the Yard," "Fast & Furious," "This Christmas" and "Jumping the Broom" so I figured, "Hey, I've never heard of this film. He's in really good movies. Let me check it out."<br /><br />Cons: This movie was just plain bad. Here's why:<br /><br />1) I don't know Laz Alonso personally so I could possibly be wrong on this, but his character was too hard for me to believe. He just doesn't look like the type who constantly calls women hos and bs, and he sounded incredibly odd saying the n-word NONSTOP through the film. Maybe he does it on his own time (I'm still trying to wrap my head around him setting his timer for dysfunctional reality shows, which he said on "The Wendy Williams Show"), but in this film it wasn't convincing. Remember Gary Anthony Sturgis playing a thug in "Daddy's Little Girls"? Yeah, it was THAT awkward.<br /><br />2) The shameless pat-on-the-back about the "hot new director" of a movie called "Issues" that one of the main female characters got a role in--who does that? What director would plug his OWN film in HIS movie? That's a very amateur move.<br /><br />3) The dialogue was so weird. The stuck-up woman with the shady boyfriend was having a conversation with him (who plays Todd Bridges) at a table, and the entire conversation sounded like she was reading it from a piece of paper. And who in 2005 (when the film released) calls a woman a "jezebel"? A lot of the dialogue was like that. Another example: "Are you going to her to relieve your sexual frustration?" That just sounds wordy. I wish the screenwriter would've just walked around to settings where characters like the ones he was writing about were and just listened to them talk. Listen to the way they talk, and then rewrite the dialogue so it sounds like it's in 2005. The politics and social situations in the film were clearly up-to-date, but the dialogue for the females was out of date through the whole movie. The guys' dialogue was much better.<br /><br />4) I don't care how much a woman is proud of her femininity. I have never met one woman in my entire life (friends, relatives, hell, even co-workers) who left douches, vaginal wipes or pantiliners on the sink. NOBODY does that unless it's an accident, and all three at once? Under the sink or in a medicine cabinet would've been a much more believable spot for Laz Alonso's character to find that stuff. And for her to do it with two guys in the house and she's a new roommate? Even less likely!<br /><br />5) Why in the world did we not acknowledge that the main female characters look alike? If they're not twins, they've got to be cousins or something. Instead of avoiding the clear physical similarities, why not just say they're related? That's like having a film with Tia and Tamera and saying they just met each other on the street!<br /><br />6) The car scene between Royce and his girlfriend made me nauseous. The camera moved back and forth between the two like a clock ticking. At the end of the movie, you can only see side profiles of the characters. Get a tripod and buy multiple cameras. Another amateur movie. I know this is an indie film, but an indie film doesn't have to scream "INDIE FILM."<br /><br />7) The oral sex scene with the guys reenacting how it goes down. I'm guessing it was supposed to be funny, but it came off so lame. Plus it looked out of place considering there weren't more scenes like that.<br /><br />8) Why was every single female in the film stiff? Not one of them could act, not even ONE. I was really disappointed because I know they could've found at least SOME good actresses for this film. I don't know what the budget was like, but even the oral sex scene had more feeling than all of the woman put together!<br /><br />Pros: There were actually a couple of funny moments. 1) Light-skinned Eric (played by Nema Williams, who I think is a funny comedian) was cool. He amuses me because he doesn't try so hard--not in this film and not in this comedy. He cracked me up with the "Alicia Lost Her Keys" joke. 2) The conversations about men versus women (although a little too raw at times) was interesting to listen to. It will make some women cringe, but I actually prefer the guys sound like they're keeping it barbershop real than acting like they don't talk about women like that behind our backs. Some do, some don't. I thought that was believable. 3) I did like the fact that one of their problems was paying bills and the guys had decent jobs. No stereotypical drug dealers, lazy I-don't-want-to-work guys, and nobody robbing any place. Thank you!<br /><br />To sum it up, I tried to give the movie a shot. I stopped and started it three times and only watched it to the end because I didn't want to give up. I wanted to like the film because I saw where it was going. I think it was better written and better executed, it could've been a really good one. Todd Bridges was pretty good in this film, and Laz Alonso is a good actor but I think because the acting of his surrounding cast was so bad, it made him look bad, too.
