This is where the show starts to get even more interesting.  We find the character Light continuing to play the role of "god of the new world," ending the lives of the people he deems evil and unworthy of life.  Light continues to write names in the Death Note, with the genius detective L hot on his trail.  Light stays sharp so that he can eliminate L, keep his grades up, and keep Ryuk from going into withdrawal by feeding him apples.  The show begins to start getting much more interesting in Volume 3 with Light entering college and L begins to keep an even closer watch on Light.  More importantly, the revelation of another Death God coming to Earth with a second Death Note.  The Death God not only gives the second Kira a Death Note, but they also provide a nice pair of Shinigami eyes to the owner allowing them to see everyone's name and lifespan by just looking at their face.  What will this mean for Light?
Death Note is truly a well written and mind thinking anime for people of many ages.  Just when one may think you know where the story maybe going there is a twist in the story line.  I would also highly suggest the Death Note books.
There is thus far nothing wrong in my world regarding Death Note, including the more recent attempts at beating a dead horse with a stick with the live-action "L-change the WorLd" and the BB murders novel.  The only disappointing thing for me was the decision to not include L's successors in the live-action Death Note movies (though there is a vague nod to Near at the end of "L-change the WorLd").  Considering that the original manga is really an extremely convoluted mind-game of chess, where there are more thought bubbles than speech bubbles, it's amazing that they were able to pull off fantastically the first two live action movies albeit in a truncated form.<br /><br />More amazing is that the anime version manages to keep the manga's mind games nearly whole.  Unlike most people, I find the characters of L's successors, Mello, and especially Near, not to mention the background of all three young men being orphans raised in a home full of brilliant children for the express purpose of picking certain of them for duties such as L, aka the Whammy House, to be much more interesting.  Particularly in the fact of their different approaches from L, their similarities and drive to beat each other to avenging L and to end the reign of Kira - all while Mello does so with a dark, passionate drive and seeming hatred of Near and his passive, painstaking method.  In a way seeing how Mello and Near interact gives you more of a perspective of L's background than watching L himself for a majority of the series.<br /><br />Basically, if you've made it this far through my review I'm surprised you haven't already hit the 'One-Click' buy button.  This is the point of the anime where you go from the long, steady, plodding pace of Death Note to the beginning of the brawling, psychotic stampede to the end of the series.
I really enjoy this series.  What would you do if you had the power to kill people just by picturing them in your head and then writing their name in a notebook?  Would you do it, even if it meant eternal damnation?  This is the power given to a high school student who uses it to "create an ideal world".  But the laws of man cannot be ignore.  A police force stumped calls in the greatest detective of their time, a man known simply as "L".  "L" has never failed to solve a case, but can he catch a killer who never has contact with his victims.  Can a high school student continue to kill without leaving any evidence?  Watch and find out.
Death Note is the most amazing manga/anime series...all manga/anime fans should own this. I adore the Mello figurine too.
Death Note vol.6, Great Quality, I've had no problems in video frame being slow or skipping. The Series itself is clinching, I strongly advise to watch them in order for spoilers are in this one and others. Quite basically what the main plot boils to is that a young boy named Light, picks up a Notebook, whoever name he writes in it with the picture of him/her's face in his mind, dies. He has many people attempting to hunt him down, but only a select few show great difficulty towards his goal. He meet's a few friends to help him along the way, Some are quite normal while others are abit more...out there. If you have never watched anime before this is a great one to start out with.
The series is great and a good way to practice listening comprehension with Japanese as well as be entertained. It is a dark series, but for those that like murder mystery, suspense, and horror, it is a great watch.
Spoiler Warning.<br /><br />After watching the past Death Note episodes, I was really excited to see the climax of between L & Kira (Light Yagami). It was one of the best moments in the TV show so far.<br /><br />Then we are introduced with 2 of L's successors: Mello(M) and Near(N). Both of them are determined to capture Kira by any means necessary.<br /><br />You will definitely not be dissapointed with this volume since the storyline is becoming fast paced.<br /><br />Definitely add it to your collection and reserve Volume 8.
Excellent anime. The volume 7 is a good one to reinforce the new characters.
**Contains NO story spoilers.**<br />--This review is for Death Note vol. 7.<br />My husband and I have loved watching this series, and have impulsively bought the next dvd, and then the next dvd, without caring how much money we had left in our bank account because this show was so addicting... and we are finally caught up waiting for December 30th for the next volume.  Hard to wait!  We went through the available dvd's really fast.<br />It's a great series, but it has dipped on this volume... Let me explain.<br /><br />I browsed through the other reviews and was absolutely stunned that NO reviewer has mentioned, (or maybe they all didn't notice?), the one main thing that jostled my like for this late turn of events on this volume 7:  On the second to last episode, AND including the last episode on this dvd, the animation is quite different to me.  And I happen to -hate- it.  And my husband has noticed the difference in the animation as well.  It's really hard to explain how it has changed.  And I would call it a subtle change since it seems no once else has noticed it.  So, why should I be so bugged?  Because. it. is. different. to. me., it's. not. the. same., and I don't like the change.  So, in my anger on this fact, I would say that it looks cheaper.  It's almost as if the main animating company didn't have enough time to finish animating the rest of this set of episodes, and hired out for someone who is not as good and it was just quickly pumped out and uncared for.  That is a theory of ours, not a fact.  It's just what it seems like.  And I would say that it looks like the same bozos who animated that old G.I. Joe cartoon from the 80's got the green light to animate the last two episodes on this volume. =A joke, not a fact.  And please heaven forbid that the animation remains this way!  Granted, the up close shots of the main characters still look relatively the same, but it's when the characters are being shown together in a group and you see their whole bodies in the frame, or when characters are shown from torso shots, especially noticable when the are talking in those same kind of frames.  It was hard for me to keep enjoying what I was watching, and also the story is getting weird...<br /><br />I'm not so sure about this new direction in story the last two episodes take on this volume.  I thought the same thing as we were watching the Yotsuba involvement part of the story, but that has worked ok I guess.  My husband and I aren't too excited about the new characters that were introduced on this volume 7.  It's like the chemistry of the story of Deathnote is being changed again, as it felt like with the Yotsuba involvement.  The new horrible animation style doesn't help me enjoy everything about the new direction of story.  Apparently the new animation is only horrible to me and my husband.  I can't believe no one else has noticed or mentioned...)<br />I -could- have given this volume 4 stars if it wasn't for the disapointment in the new animation.  The lack of 5 stars I give it just mainly has to do with how I'm not sure about the direction the story is going, haven't enjoyed it as thoroughly as the first 5 volumes.
this dvd light gets his memory back about the death note and alot of questions are answered in this dvd.
Since I first saw this on Adultswim I became completely captivated by this new import from Japan. I have bought all the current English dubbed dvds and this series has now become my favorite anime. This series has intrigue, suspense, supernatural elements including horror. A very faithful adaptation of the hit manga series.
This dvd has some great episodes, and many important things happen during them. I am not gonna spoil anything, but if youve kept up with the series so far on Adult Swim, then you know that this release will be good.
It was exactly what we expected. The "extras" on the DVD were very interesting also. My daughter and I are huge fans!
Came just as expected, with a little extra surprise! ...The upper and lower 'labels' that hold the DVD together were just cut through instead of removed, giving me the pleasure of taking them off myself (smile).<br /><br />The DVD looks good and dandy, and it was a pleasure to shop with these people.<br /><br />-Ashlmet
everything is perfect. Product arrived in a short time not damaged; it is exactly as described. The package was very accurated
The pacing at the start of this anime is fantastic.  The story is interesting.  I'd give the first half of this anime five stars.  Then things just start to get dumb.  It really should have ended with the showdown between the two main antagonists in the first half of the series.
Honestly, this is one of the best tv series ever simply because of the mental part of it.  There isn't so much action in the sense of people fighting.  It's all about the mental warfare.  This series will keep you guessing what is going to happen inbetween each episode and as you're watching the episode itself.  This is something that everybody and anybody should watch at least once through.<br /><br />The Bad Part:  It technically ended with the resolution at the end of the first "season".  You can tell what part I'm talking about when you see it.  Then because the fans loved it so much and they pressured him, he went about making a second "season".  Think of it really being two books in the set.  The second set of episodes takes some episodes to really get along.  He had to take it slow to keep the human reactions in the show realistic as opposed to them "magically" figuring somthing out or slipping up.  So that's it's only real downside.<br /><br />There is one other part I don't particularly care for, but I can't say because it's a spoiler.  If you enjoy the series, you'll know instantly what part I mean when you see it. ;)
Honestly, this is one of the best tv series ever simply because of the mental part of it.  There isn't so much action in the sense of people fighting.  It's all about the mental warfare.  This series will keep you guessing what is going to happen inbetween each episode and as you're watching the episode itself.  This is something that everybody and anybody should watch at least once through.<br /><br />The Bad Part:  It technically ended with the resolution at the end of the first "season".  You can tell what part I'm talking about when you see it.  Then because the fans loved it so much and they pressured him, he went about making a second "season".  Think of it really being two books in the set.  The second set of episodes takes some episodes to really get along.  He had to take it slow to keep the human reactions in the show realistic as opposed to them "magically" figuring somthing out or slipping up.  So that's it's only real downside.<br /><br />There is one other part I don't particularly care for, but I can't say because it's a spoiler.  If you enjoy the series, you'll know instantly what part I mean when you see it. ;)
I love how the authors have us rooting for Light the entire series.  It's amazing.  I only watch this anime and Bleach, and Death Note is now one of my favorite shows of all time.  Suspenseful, thoughtful, and things actually happen (main characters are not immune to being killed).  I'd suggest watching it from the beginning, but I had a friend start watching it in the middle of the series and she was hooked half way through the first episode she watched.  Even if you don't like anime or other Adult Swim shows, you will love Death Note.
This is the second collection of Deathnote episodes, one of the most compelling and amazing animes of all time. It tells the story of Light Yagami, an intelligent university student with a strong sense of justice who accidentally picks up a notebook owned by a God of Death. Slowly, he starts killing off criminals under the guise of Kira ('Killer'), becoming more and more like those who kills in the process. The storyline is incredibly amazing and faithful to the original mangas, while the artwork is absolutely perfect. And the music and English vocals are a perfect match as well. As a result, this is one of those animes that even people who normally don't like cartoons can get into.<br /><br />On these four further episodes, the mind games between L. and Kira continue as each tries to ratchet up the intensity. Light (as Kira) has already forced L. to reveal his identity to the Japanese police, but L. is already beginning to suspect that Light IS Kira. Now Light has to deal with surveillance cameras and bugs in his room, as the task force, led by L. of course, spies on him. And worse yet, the fiance of Ray Pember (the FBI agent Kira killed) confronts Light with evidence that could reveal too much about Kira's powers. How can he get rid of her without knowing her real name? The plot continues to thicken with this DVD.<br /><br />So if you enjoyed the first set of episodes, you won't by disappointed by the further (and even more complex) mindgames between L. and Kira. The intensity juts keeps getting better and better with each part of the saga released. And once you make it through this outing, you'll eagerly be awaiting volume 3!
The four episodes comprising the second volume of DEATH NOTE remain as gripping and intense as the first volume.  What I really enjoy about these episodes is that each one really tries to develop and expand the story.  Never does the story stand still or simply mark time.<br /><br />Light becomes an increasingly dark character (a not unintentionally irony) as he begins to use the Death Note in more indiscriminate fashion.  He barely retains any regard for human life, instead more concerned with setting up a world that he can mold in his own fashion.  The most horrific episode is certainly the one where he strives desperately to learn the name of a woman on his trail so that he can use the Death Note to kill her.<br /><br />Most animated series are based either on comedy or on action.  DEATH NOTE has to be the first one based primarily on reasoning.  Significant portions of each episode revolve around Light or L talking about their own strategies or tactics or figuring out those of their opponents.  I can think of another show that takes critical thinking so seriously.  I think this is at least part of its wide appeal.  It values the brain to a degree that few other shows do.
It is definitely worth owning this entire sereies.  I have watched it all, and me as well as many top review sites can put this series in the top 5 anime out there.<br /><br />I say this for those who were like me and couldn't wait for the rest, go to youtube and type the deathnote ep (insert # here).  33 episodes are uploaded so far.  for the rest, just got to google video and find them.  Enjoy.
So this isn't as great as the first Disc...it still rocks.<br /><br />The episode where Light tries to fathom the ex FBI agent's name is great.  These episodes are less action packed but no less intriguing than the previous.  I was wowed several times during these 4 episodes.<br /><br />Verdict: still a five star: strong animation, characterization, and music.
This show will keep you involved an in suspense the whole time you watch. I recommend getting this. I wish that Naruto would come out as fast as this show because it is up there with Death Note. I am going to keep on getting all the episodes that comes out. This is as addicting as Heroes.
I have read the whole Manga series and my wife didn't. We both enjoy watching the Anime together. The Anime stays faithful to the Manga story. The plot gets more complicated and interesting by 10 folds. She is really getting sucked in the story as Light & L battle wits.<br />The enclosed mini L statue is plasticy and nothing too excited. I wouldn't buy it on its own. But for a few bucks along with the DVD, it isn't bad and L crouches happily on top of our TV. You may want to concider the regular edition without the statue.<br />What I hate about the series is the English dubbing, which quite lame, but not bad. The extras are nothing to be excited about, so I subtracted a star for the cons I mentioned. Otherwise, it is a must buy.
If you've seen volumes one and two, you know what to expect: the same eerieness tinged with irreverance combined with excellent animation that makes this series one of the better ones to visit the States in some time.  Some pretty big revelations go down in this volume and one wonders how or where they can go with the story.  Anyway, worth your dollars!
Did anyone else find it extremely ironic that a huge picture of Near graces the top of the packaging for the Mello figurine? It's easily 3 times as large as poor Mello. Given the relationship between Near and Mello in the series, I can only assume that the manufacturers were feeling particularly sadistic that day.<br /><br />Perhaps, in the spirit of things, we should have Light's giant face featured on the packaging for L's figurine.
I like this, i wish they had more than just vol 1&2 that are english dubbed.
i have finished this entire series and i must say that i liked it alot. many people who do not like this series feel so because the way the series wraps up, unfortunately the ending of death note was slightly disappointing, but overall this show is great and im still going to buy all the dvds
The history is very interesting, you first think is, ok some body kill a person writing his name in a book.. interesting but... they can not make a long history of that, the answer is yeha they can, and they did, i recomended it.
Most anime fans have heard of Death note.  Light yagami picks up a notebook of a death god.  Now he can kill people by writing in the notebook.<br /><br />The dub is pretty good.  It does the series justice.
DEATHNOTE WAS GREAT UNTIL L DIED. THE SERIES SHOULD HAVE ENDED WITH LIGHT WINNING. AT LEAST THAT WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER THAT THE CRAP DUO THAT IS MELLOW AND NEAR.
