Four different arists converge simutaneously in that artistic work. The hidden sequel of the racism who affectes the internal life of a man of jew ascencendence who simply refuses to accept his black ascendence. He will lead this lie until his final days. And that's by itself a big problem.<br />In the other hand the term spooky will mean for him a true whirlwind when he makes a simple ironic joke in the middle of a Literature Cathedra Magister Class.<br />Third, the presence of a homeless girl who refuses to be the secret lover of his abusing father after her mother gets the divorce.<br />And finally the troubled mind of a Vietnam veteran who has serious internal wounds.<br />Four traumas that will intersect giving by result and admirable, mature and terrific reflection about the human nature and how Einstein had all the reason when he stated it was much easier to destroy an atom instead a prejuice.<br />Fine acting and splendid photograph.
After seeing the flick, I think the whole point of the book and film was for P. Roth to have an opportunity to bash political correctness. C'mon! I went to college in the 1990s: I know that there would have been faculty and students who would have defended a professor that used the term &quot;spook&quot; without knowing he was referring to absent black students. Later, the protagonist's sister hears this and says, &quot;Are people getting stupider?&quot; Hello, you need to not be worrying about PC and starting getting upset about your brother abandoning his black family of origin. People associate PC with liberals and it's liberals who have set the societal conditions under which black men and white women can fall in love without the black man having to pass.<br /><br /> I just don't see the point. This movie could have been powerful like &quot;Monster's Ball&quot; gluing together how an older man and a younger woman with nothing in common could get together. Instead, this was just PC-bashing. I agree with all the critics: Nicole Kidman (as fabulous as she as) was terribly miscast and this movie was far from Oscar-worthy.
When I was watching the Human Stain, I felt like I was watching two movies. The first was the story of a justifiably bitter man redeemed by an unlikely love affair, who must protect his lover from her unstable ex. The second, and far more compelling, was of a young man in the 1940s who makes a fateful choice that will affect the rest of his life. Anthony Hopkins is excellent, as usual, and it's easy to imagine him having been a boxer in his youth-- he seems to bring a sense of pugnaciousness to most of his roles. Nicole Kidman is another matter. She's simply too glamorous to be believable as this beaten down and (in the novel) illiterate woman.<br />  The other of half of the story is much more interesting and features an outstanding performance by Wentworth Miller as the young Coleman Silk. These scenes crackle with the energy of a young man and a country teetering on the edge of unimaginable upheaval. Anna Deveare Smith is also very good as Coleman's mother. For some reason, I never believed that Miller and Hopkins were the same person, and it seemed ludicrous that Coleman would reach late middle age without revealing his secret. (Couldn't he have done so in the '60s?) ....<br />  Ed Harris is reliably good as Kidman's ex, but again it's hard to imagine his and Kidman's characters being married. A good try.
Ah, I just finished viewing the Human Stain. It had so much potential, but was a victim of illogical plot development. The most powerful theme is the rejection of race by the main character -- and the writer should have created more tension and drama with that and left the affair with the cleaning woman for another movie.<br /><br />It was so inane for the script to dismiss the "spook" comment as innocent because it was uttered by a tragically undercover black man. Hello? Been to film school? That's the perfect dramatic hook for the character. What if he meant it because of how society's prejudice drove him to hate his blackness and the lower rung he was, by color, relegated to. What if in the flashbacks of his secret black life we learned what pushed him to cultural self-rejection , to, as his mom said, "murdering" his black self. What if he finally let that venom out in class one day because he felt the truant black students epitomized the behavior that made society deem blacks lazy, shiftless, and worthless. More drama would have been created if he successfully convinced the college his remark was harmless and he got his job back -- all the while the audience knows he hates both his blackness and the society that compels him to reject it.<br /><br />Instead we get a completely unnecessary love story, and superflous characters like the Vietnam veteran and the writer friend. And asinine preaching at his funeral about why his spook comment was not racist because he was black. BTW, why was the main character's death essential to this plot? Two other people had already unnecessarily died. Ridiculous story development here.
Anthony Hopkins (Hannibal, Hearts Of Atlantis) and Nicole Kidman (Dogville, Birthday Girl) deliver yet again more explosive and powerful performances to their list. Ed Harris (The Rock, The Hours) delivers a ferocious and in your face role and Gary Sinise (Snake Eyes, The Big Bounce) is just fine. Wentworth Miller (Dinotopia, Tv's Buffy The Vampire Slayer) who portraits Hopkins in younger form does his best as well. Despite some moments of lulls this movie sends the goods with its rich characterizations and atmosphere. Though everyone in the god awful earth should know its difficult to adapt a novel into a script...derrr..idiots. Finely directed and it extremely pulls you in. Also starring Harry Lennix (The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions) and Clark Gregg (We Were Soldiers).
The Human Stain has a dream cast, but each star is shockingly miscast.  Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman lead the list of Oops, I shouldn't be here, but are closely followed by Gary Sinise and Ed Harris.  So mujch talent, so sadly wasted.  i actually felt embarassed for Hopkins.  Better luck next  time!
I was really anxious to see this movie. I have aleays loved Hopkins and Kidman and Harris is a great supporting actor for every film.<p>But this film is really disappointing. Not only for the actors, but for the story which is too confusing and plenty of flashes-back. The accident in the first scene is also a failure, because the film loses all interest. Sinise's part is really strange: he appears in the beginning till Hopkins refuses to continue writing his book; in the middle of the film (I had forgotten of him) he appears in a dinner with Hopkins and Kidman and, then, forgotten. At the very end of the film, Sinise's character is again in the screen and now he plays the main role.<p>Hopkins' play is really decent (I was fed up of dangerous-minds characters), but I think he is over-exploited. Kidman's is really not her best acting: extremely bitter and unexpressive.<p>To sum up, a really boring film and, sometimes, uncomprehensible.
I would maybe watch this film 3 times at the most, it's interesting at times but 20 percent of it is pure drek, the other artsy and appeakling though...
With all the great actors in this film who are absolutely the top, I expected the film to be excellent. To me, it is a film that does not know where it is going. It heads off in too many directions. I was thoroughly disappointed. Maybe I should have read the book first, but Mr. Roth is not a favorite author, he writes as if dialog for textbooks, and soon becomes boring and hard to concentrate on the story.
Another overwhelming performance by one of the great ones. It must be a real challenge to work with Mr. Hopkins without developing an inferiority complex. He just takes over everything with such a force.<br /><br />Thad said, every actor performs brilliantly. No weaknesses detected.<br /><br />So, I liked the film, it was inspiring, enlightening, awesome.<br /><br />The thing I did not like? To see useless cigarette smoking in the movie. This type of thing should be criticized over and over. Mr. Hopkins does not smoke, but the two female leads do so. It does not fit. It's instrusive and superflous and serves only as unnecessary advertisement for the tobacco cartel which should be banned from this planet.
WARNING! Don't believe the hype. This movie is boring as HELL! Absolutely nothing happened. Come on, I wasted my time trying to avoid falling asleep hoping that something interesting would happen, or that there will be a major turning point soon. I got NOTHING! Anthony Hopkins is really a black man...PUHLEEZE I THINK NOT! Get real, that was so unrealistic and unbelievable. Maybe, if it were somebody/anybody else besides Anthony Hopkins I could buy that, but not him. What was Nicole Kidman thinking? There is way too much star power in this movie for it to be as bad as it is. I don't know or see what a lot of other viewers saw, but apparently based on the overwhelming response of positive reviews a lot of people like it. I find that shocking, but I guess to each it's own. I've seen my fair share of movies, and I have a pretty open mind, but I didn't like this one at all. Frankly, I have seen some of the worst movies imaginable, but this one, I must say was one of the worst movies I've even witnessed.
I sat through this entire film even after my wife begged me to turn it off and then stormed out of the room to watch TV in the living room.  She was bored to tears and felt that the premise was unbelievably stupid.  Little did she know, I completely agreed I just have this thing about only seeing part of a movie.  I had to finish it, even if I knew I was gonna hate it.  To me the idea that Anthony Hopkins could be a black man is so unbelievable that I couldn't even begin to concentrate on the meat of the film.  I understand that the novel is acclaimed and everything, and everyone, even critics feel that this film is loyal to that novel, but if that's the case then the novel can't be that great.  If they had chosen another actor I could have believed it maybe, I mean, I have light skinned black friends and I know they could pass for white, but when they tell you their black you can see the features...Anthony Hopkins is whiter than I am...and there's no way I could pass for black so Hopkins is out.  Really if it weren't for the excellent acting on the parts of Hopkins, Kidman and Harris this movie would have no redeeming qualities.  So here you have it, young black man looks white, realizes it's easier to just play white then be who you are, he disowns his family to live his life easy, he becomes a teacher and now in his 70's he's accused of being racist by the people who think he's white so he starts an affair with a much younger woman whos drunk husband wants to kill them both, and he does, and then his secret is exposed to this guy who wants to write a book about him.  I just had such a hard time getting over the idea that some idiot thought Anthony Hopkins could be black that I can't even see this movie for the good that it is.  I'm sorry; this review is probably so tainted it's not even funny.  For all I know this is a great movie, I mean even the premise is something I would normally really enjoy it's just so hard to get over...I'm rambling...never mind.  Like I said, I really tried.
A professor notes that, five weeks into the semester, two students have never appeared in his class. He asks if they are spooks, as in ghosts. But they happen to be black, so this professor (Anthony Hopkins) is sacked. You lost me that quickly. There is no credibility in this premise.<br /><br />Furthermore, he happens to be a black man masquerading as a Jew, and he later falls into an affair with Nicole Kidman, who is a poor young janitor illiterate. Or so I've read in a review somewhere.<br /><br />Which boundaries are stronger? Old and young? Rich and poor? Educated and uneducated? Black and white? People who watch this movie and Michael LaRocca?<br /><br />Yep. I gave up in 10 short minutes. This is too heavy-handed, obvious, Hollywood, blunt force trauma. Give them a good cause, and a novel by Philip Roth, and they can ruin it in a hurry. Damn.
"The Human Stain" was recommended to me by a friend from Atlanta Georgia. When I was scanning amazon's web for dvds, I was so happy to see that they had this dvd. When I inserted the dvd in my player, I received a message saying please eject, not for this area. I was so dissappointed,and trying to get credit is like trying to pass a congressional act. I will never order anything through amazon.com again and have advised all my family and friends of my experience.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001XAPX8">The Human Stain</a>
Benton (of "Kramer vs. Kramer" or "Places in the Heart" acclaim) has always made movies with themes on the subtlest emotional vectors. <p>If you've read the marvellous but somewhat un-adaptable book by the same name (Phillip Roth's "The Human Stain") you'll know what I am talking about and in that case, watch the movie without any expectations of seeing a loyal adaptation because this isn't. <p>If you are not familiar with Roth's book, the movie's spinal theme may be racial prejudice, but it is really the story of a man deciding, late in life, to love the unknown what is beyond books, pride, even self. To learn that lesson is to turn a stain into a blessing.<p>Stylistically, I felt the theme could have been dealt with in a somewhat smarter way. Without giving too much away, the "scandal" at the heart of the movie really gets very little screen time which helps diminish its importance in comparison with Coleman's past. But we see so little of it that it belittles its own thematic importance, and the movie spends a great deal of energy setting up storylines and elements that get little eventual payoff. <p>This is why I say the novel was a bit difficult to adapt. Following Coleman's life all the way along, not just its beginning and end, could have made the movie work better as a movie; so could exposing his secret to the world of the film instead of just to the audience. At one point, Coleman's sister says doing just that would have instantly cleared up all the scandal and misunderstanding. Wrong. It would have made everything much more complicated, much more textured, much less black-and-white. As it is, we are left with a movie about two people whose lives have already ended clinging to each other for comfort. <p>But the cast alone is something I'd go rushing into the theatres for: Hopkins, Kidman, Harris.  Hopkins' acting here is a slow, painful flowering, and Kidman, who late in the film has a long dialog delivered with such musical delicacy that it becomes an aria of regret and self-apprehension. <p>In sum, despite my gripes with the handling of the film, this is a film you HAVE to see. I'll go as far as to say that it's worth owning a DVD of.
Phillip Roth's final tale in his trilogy, "The Human Stain" is set in the summer of The Year Of Our Lord, 1998. Otherwise known as "Impeachment Summer", during which the Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky accusations took place, The Starr Report was released, and the whole sordid story of the infamous stained dress was on the lips of everyone, so to speak.<br /><br />The film is told in flashback sequences with the narrator of the tale, writer and friend of main character, Coleman Silk's. His name is Nathan Zuckerman (a fabulous Gary Sinese). Incidentally, the character of Nathan Zuckerman is the author, Phillip Roth's alter-ego and is throughout the trilogy of novels.<br /><br />Coleman Silk, played adeptly by Sir Anthony Hopkins, is a 71 year-old college professor at small New England Athena College. Coleman is wrongfully accused of racial slurs against a couple of absent pupils and loses his tenured position. This shocking news sends his beloved wife into sickness and before long, she succumbs...<br /><br />If only his family, friends and all the people that Coleman Silk has touched throughout  their lives knew the REAL story, such charges would have never been brought about in the first place.<br /><br />Silk gets lonely and depressed quite quickly, finds the wonderful drug just produced by the name of Viagra and meets the illiterate but beautiful school janitor, Faunia Farley, played by Nicole Kidman. Faunia might be illiterate but she has graduated with honors from "The School Of Hard Knocks", both figuratively and literally by her Vietnam vet abusive husband Lester, played excellently by Ed Harris. Coleman and Faunia have a torrid affair with the whole New England town buzzing about the goings on. As they get closer and share with one another, Faunia's past is almost as shocking as Coleman's. In the final scenes of the film, all secrets are exposed...<br /><br />Many critics said that the movie script itself was a masterpiece but it was grossly miscast with Hopkins and Kidman in the main roles. I disagree only because there are very few actors that could genuinely and convincingly portray the characters, let alone, carry a heavy drama such as this. The only actor that I could come up with for a recast on Coleman would be Frank Langella, in part because the physical characteristics of Coleman could have been a bit more believable to the viewer.<br /><br />I must also mention the two actors who play an integral role in the flashback sequences of Coleman's youth. A terrific Wentworth Miller as Young Coleman Silk and an adequate Jacinda Barrett (from MTV's Real World London Cast) in a nice turn as young Coleman's college days lover, Steena Paulsson.<br /><br />Once watching the movie, you will understand the many significant meanings of the title, "The Human Stain". Not only the stain of the original sin into which all of us are born, but the stain of hate, hurt, pain, racism, pacifism and yes, even love and death.<br /><br />I highly recommend "The Human Stain" despite it's theatrical release mixed reviews and unfortunate lackluster box office draw.<br /><br />Happy Watching!
This is a film that is a masterpiece not only for what it says but in the way it says it.<br /><br />We have a man who looks white but is black, pretends to be a Jew, and lives a life of deception. We have a woman with a background that gives her every advantage but she is destroyed because she was molested as a child due to her ravishing beauty.  At the very moment when these two finally find peace in each other's arms they are wiped out by the insanity of evil.<br /><br />Coleman's story unfolds in a series of perplexing flashbacks that leaves the viewer confounded until we finally discover that Coleman Silk and the black boxer are one and the same.  Faunia's story is equally confusing. It is unreasonable that this utterly gorgeous young woman is so casually willing to give herself sexually to a rejected Viagra dependant old man. Why is she merely scraping out a living for herself sweeping floors and feeding cattle when you sense that she has so much more to offer?  What horror has brought her to this state of despair?  As her story unfolds in her final soliloquy with a caged crow  we find that she is so haunted by the blame she feels for the accidental death of her children, while she was distracted with a lover, that she is suicidal, emotionally detached, and devastated.<br /><br />Into this mix vengeance pursues Faunia in the form of her ex-husband, a tortured Viet Nam vet for whom killing has become a casual exercise. Lester Farley is a clever mixture of blind fate and conscious hate that only the writer, Zuckerman, ultimately understands and reveals to the world.<br /><br />What makes this film so artfully intriguing is the way the story unfolds in its seemingly chaotic fashion reflecting the chaos of the human condition the film is describing, and it is a story that is hard to take because it rings so heartbreakingly true.  The acting by the principals, Hopkins, Kidman, Sinise, Harris,and Miller is utterly outstanding in every way, and the film deserves repeated viewings from that standpoint alone.  As for the story itself, it takes a couple of viewings with patience and reflection to fully appreciate its authentic depths. Finally, in an ironic way, one might take comfort from Coleman's and Faunia's deaths that the moment at which they died was the moment at which they had reached fulfillment with each other.
THE HUMAN STAIN, from a novel by Philip Roth, is a handsomely produced independent film that strives hard to be a serious study of the effect racial prejudice has on an educated college professor (Anthony Hopkins) who retires when he is accused of using the word "spooks" to cover two of his students who have never showed up for class. In the course of the story, we learn that he himself is a black man passing for white and dealing with a secret he's kept in the dark for most of his life. It has an odd way of telling the story with frequent intervening and overlapping flashbacks that are sometimes hard to follow. Even odder is the casting of Anthony Hopkins as a black man who looks white.<br /><br />When he meets Nicole Kidman, we have two lost souls. She's running from her past, blaming herself for the accidental death of two children and running from a crazed ex-husband (Ed Harris) who threatens to break up her improbable relationship with the college professor. Kidman tackles a role beyond her scope as a trailer trash type who makes her living as a custodian cleaning up other people's messes. She is never convincing and makes the unappealing character both annoying and absurd, and has absolutely no chemistry with Hopkins. That he would be so attracted to her is highly improbable, given her sudden outbursts of insults and deep rooted anger.<br /><br />Ed Harris and Gary Sinise do well in underdeveloped roles and both have some very valid moments where they seem like real people instead of contrived characters. Too bad they don't play a greater part in the story.<br /><br />Production-wise, it's handsomely photographed in rugged winter settings but "the message" fails to get its points across with any subtlety. Wentworth Miller is appealing as the younger Hopkins, but it's hard to accept that the handsome dark-haired youth could turn into a man resembling the older Hopkins--and he's a bit of odd casting too.<br /><br />Kidman is forced to recite lines like: "Action is the enemy of thought," which is about as meaningless as the priceless "love means never having to say you're sorry" (from LOVE STORY). She's a girl with no possessions who travels light, falls in love easily with an older man and later informs him that she has a crazed ex-husband. Both she and Hopkins have constructed their lives around a lie and it seems they deserve each other. Neither one becomes a sympathetic character we can really care about.<br /><br />An interesting failure, it tries to say serious things about race but too much of it is unbelievable and handicapped by unpleasant characterizations and implausible plot contrivances.
So much of movie watching has to do with the hype, and therefore, expectations, surrounding a film.  Since I had not heard much of this movie, I was surprised to find such an all star ensemble in an unheralded film.  So I had the pleasure of simply watching it with no expectations, no book to compare it with, etc.  The result was a compelling story of twisted lives coming to grips with themselves and their pasts.  Nicole Kidman has to be one of the greatest actors of our generation, since she plays her white trailer trash role to perfection, accent and all.  Anthony Hopkins use of subtle expression and understatement add tension and depth to the film.  If you like complex, interwoven stories with good characters, you will like this film.
From the other source, this film had a relatively low review, but I think it is a good film.<br /><br />What this film makes great is the great story. I have not read the book, but I am sure it is as good as this film or even better.<br /><br />The story itself is very sad but written so beautifully that its beauty can over-ride the sadness. The past scenes and present ones appear quite often in the way that reveal and unwind the secret. It is a drama, but I think this is more than that. It is a literature -  a work of art... I am talking about the story now.<br /><br />I am happy with the music and photography of the film. Also I find the acting great. The voice of Coleman's young lover sounded like it was always directly from a microphone, and I like the effect because it suites the way she speaks and also describes how this lady's existance sinks into Coleman's mind as though she was a nutrition he was missing so long.<br /><br />The story is a miserable one, but which great literature does not contain a misery anyway?
Yes, Phillip Roth's gaudily angry masterwork of a novel has its own particular power, but despite the naysayers, the film adaptation of THE HUMAN STAIN is successful on every level.  It retains all of the harsh social commentary so biting in Roth's written words and yet fleshes out the characters in a way that makes the story of an aging small college Dean/teacher's fall from his pedestal of a life all the more credible.  Some of the minor characters from the book are gone, true, and the faculty of his college doesn't feel as visually present, but the story's strange impact is very much intact.<p>Coleman Silk (in a stunningly multi-layered performance by Anthony Hopkins) was born a mulatto African American and decided in highschool (his younger self portrayed with sensitivity by Wentworth Miller), while being a champion boxer in order to gain college scholarships, that passing as Caucasian would provide entry into a better life, one not stained by the color of his skin and not confined to subservient roles like those forced on his educated father.  He succeeds in passing as white with a few exceptions: he brings his blonde college girlfriend home to meet his mother (a sensitive role for Anna Devere Smith) and finds that his girlfriend cannot accept his roots.  He then extracts himself from his family completely, lives as a Jew, and joins the faculty of Athena College - a small, proper school which he forcefully overhauls until he becomes the formidable Dean.  A simple statement in a classroom - referring to two unseen students who have never shown for his class as "spooks" (ghosts), not knowing that the missing students were African American - results in his being fired for racism for his epithet.<p>Angry and lost, Silk encounters a woman (Fawnia) who cleans toilets, milks cows, and appears to be nothing more than white trailer park trash, has a physical encounter with her, then finds himself becoming emotionally captive to the creature.  Fawnia (one of Nicole Kidman's finest roles to date) keeps to herself, providing only lusty outlets for Silk, but gradually reveals that she is married to a stalking Vietnam Vet gone insane (Ed Harris in another quality cameo role), has two dead children lost in a fire, and indeed came from a wealthy family she elected to leave because of her parent's shallow obsession with possessions. Fawnia lives only for the moment.<p>Silk meets Zuckerman (Gary Sinese), a novelist suffering from writer's block who lives in hiding in a secluded cabin and who intones the thoughts of novelist Roth. He encourages Zuckerman to cure his block by writing a novel about his (Silk's) bizarre life's turn of events.  Silk finally tells Fawnia his real secret of passing as white, finds his last love, encourages Fawnia to also shed her life of lies, and the story ends where it begins - with a fatal car crash.<p>The story is set in 1998 and frequently refers to the Clinton/Lewinsky affair and the general stagnation of public morals and bigotry, unveiling all the hypocrisy that stews through every level of our society.  The use of this battle of private versus public life is extended in many aspects of this story and always leaves questions as unanswered as they truly remain today.  Director Robert Benton has done a masterful job pacing this pungent piece.  The acting is extraordinary, especially from Kidman and Hopkins who manage to electrify the screen in animal sexuality, despite all the odds against such an attraction being credible. Watch this film, AND read Roth's book, and your view of our society will be altered inextricably.
Two lonely people come together, Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), a professor who quits his job after a supposed racial slur and Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), an eccentric younger woman disabused by the harsh realities of her life. A former welterweight boxer who has turned his back on his race, Silk lives as a white man caught in an ironic twist of fate. In a fine blend of racism and religious intolerance before the gratuity of political correctness, the young Coleman makes irreversible decisions that critically affect his later years. As a deeply melancholic mature man, Coleman finds sudden happiness with Faunia in spite of her personal despondency and refusal to believe in joy.<br /><br />Moody and dark, played out against countryside covered with snow, the fine-tuned cinematography catches every nuance of shadow and flesh, as the movie evolves into an agonizing collision of desire vs. reality. Acting out the role of Achilles, pitted against fate and the grim determination of the gods, Silk refuses to give up the younger woman, no matter the consequences.<br /><br />The film is carefully balanced, shifting from present to past, exposing the painful histories of the characters, the roots of their flaws. The supporting roles are beautifully played by Gary Sinise as Nathan Zukerman, a reclusive writer and friend of Silk's and Ed Harris as Lester Farley, an ex-Vietnam vet unable to purge the violence from his life. In the end, seeking an island of comfort, Silk and Faunia gravitate to one another, sensing at least a temporary respite from an often cruel world. "The things that restore you can destroy you." Luan Gaines/ 2005.
...I had the feeling that this film pretty much lost sight of the woods for the trees.  It begins with Achilles' dilemma in The Iliad with a slave girl which his king also covets, then quickly moves to the excesses of political correctness in academia, then to American sexual hypocrisy and sanctimony in the Clinton-Lewinsky affair, to a Viagra-assisted, sixty-something sudden-widower who suddenly lands a vivacious thirty-something woman from a very different social and economic class background with a very checkered past, her Vietnam-scarred psychopathic ex-husband who stalks her, the dramatic reinvigoration and sexual reawakening in such a winter-spring relationship, to the deeply ingrained racism in American society as experienced by a mulatto boy who decides to pass himself as Jewish and breaks ties with his family.<br /><br />All this might be gracefully contained in a 400-page novel (maybe...I haven't read Roth's book yet) but crammed into a 2-hour movie, it all feels a bit disjointed.<br /><br />While Kidman, Hopkins, Harris and Sinese are all a bit miscast in their roles, all three put in solid performances...Kidman has never looked more appealing and real, in contrast to her usual generic-blonde look.  Hopkins isn't quite up to the anguish and explosive rage that his character is supposed to express in a few of the scenes---he simply doesn't have the range for it---but is otherwise competent. The film is beautifully shot, with a very effective score, and technically superb.<br /><br />What's missing though is any kind of overarching theme or point to tie everything together.  I suppose we could deduce one from the title: "The Human Stain" as a rather misanthropic treatise on the abject depths to which humanity constantly sinks?  It's possible but there is no strong impetus to be found in the movie, which ends with Harris and Sinese conversing upon a frozen lake.  The scene is well-acted, well-written, well-directed...but again, like the entire film, while enjoyable leaves us scratching our heads and wondering what in the world it was all supposed to be ABOUT.
The Human Stain starring Anthony Hopkins is full of raw emotion, shame, and the power to forgive are the themes explored in this provactive film. Nicole Kidman has an affair with Hopkins, she plays a janitor who has a secret past and he has been carrying a secret of his own for pratically is whole adult life. They learn to trust each other and the although ending is a bit of a let down, I would say The Human Stain will keep you interested in unlocking the shameful secrets of these two shattered individuals. A film not to be missed, happy viewing!
I came into this movie knowing that, as has been proven time and time again in the history of novels being made into movies, that the adaptation would of course be an oversimplification of the complexity of the book.  The only question would be how gross the oversimplification would be.<br /><br />Philip Roth's novel is a forthright examination of the thoroughness of misery.  Roth, as perhaps the last among those we can call American Novelists, peers into the American character to see how we all suffer through depths of misery though we look anxiously for an easy lifestyle--we are, after all, Americans.  But <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0375726349">The Human Stain</a> takes an honest look at everyone, from Coleman Silk, a classics professor pushed out of his university position due to a charge of racism, which he explodes over because he is a man carrying far bigger secrets that are tearing him apart, to Lester Farley, an abusive, dangerous and violent ex-husband who is also an incredibly damaged Vietnam vet.<br /><br />Of course, for this movie, many of the character depths would have to be sliced away for the sake of time.  One of the slices here, unfortunately, is of Lester, which I think is a shame, because that is an immediate indication that the movie is not going to address the breadth of human character than the novel does.  Instead of being a sick SOB that we can actually feel bad for because of his own damage, Lester in this movie (played by Ed Harris, of course--who else?) is quite simply the raving ex-husband.<br /><br />This lack of depth is more unfortunate, considering some of the actrors that are pulled together for this--I mentioned Ed Harris, but also Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman (who has been climbing higher and higher in my ladder of opinion), Gary Sinise--these are actors who could have dealt with the boxes within boxes of Roth's characterizations, but alas the script does not give them the opportunity.  Some good moments, especially between Sinise and Hopkins, but overall a little flat.  A shame.
Classics Professor Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), exasperated that two students have yet to show up for his class points to their empty seats and ask rhetorically, "Do they exist or are they spooks?"  He should have chosen his words more carefully because the two absent students are black and Silk is subsequently charged with using racial slurs by the college.<br /><br />Yes, this could definitely happen, although one would expect it to be cleared up once there was an investigation.  However, Coleman Silk gets more than a little uptight.  Something has hit a nerve.  He has enemies.  He doesn't cooperate and in fact resigns in face of the charge.  His wife drops dead, and at the age of 71 Coleman gets involved in a Viagra-hyped love affair with Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), a 34-year-old cleaning woman and high school dropout with a past.<br /><br />Turns out that Coleman too has a past, and that past partially explains why he got so uptight about the racial slur charge.  Seems that Coleman has "passed."  Seems that he was "colored" and didn't want to be colored and so forsook his family and passed into the white world and never looked back.<br /><br />This is from the novel by Philip Roth, who has written many splendid novels.  The adaptation is by Nicholas Meyer who did most of the scripts for the Star Trek movies.  Robert Benton's direction is professional and clear.  Anthony Hopkins is very good as one would expect and Nicole Kidman as a hardtack brunette with worry lines on her face is vividly real as the bitter, but vulnerable Faunia Farley.  Ed Harris plays her also bitter, spaced-out, estranged husband, a twisted Viet Vet with malevolence on his mind.<br /><br />The story is told in a straight-forward way with flashbacks to Coleman's past where we see that he was a welterweight prize fighter for a while and had his heart broken because his very blonde bride-to-be just couldn't stomach the thought of marrying into a Negro family.  Wentworth Miller plays young Coleman and definitely looks and acts the part.  Anna Deavere Smith plays his mother with the kind of dignity you would expect from a woman who raised the son of Pullman porter to become a classics professor at a small New England private college.  Gary Sinise as Coleman's neighbor, Nathan Zuckerman (and Philip Roth perennial), narrates the story from the novel he eventually writes.<br /><br />All in all an interesting movie that recalls an age gone by while at the same time reminding us that the politically correct postmodern world is upon us.<br /><br />See this for Nicole Kidman who is on her way to becoming one of the great stars of the cinema as yet again she shows that she cannot be typecast, and for Anthony Hopkins, one of the more accomplished actors of our time.
Just when you think the critics are starting to get it right, they get it wrong again.  That's what happened to this film.  People stayed away in droves from this well done and thoughtful film by a director with a subtle touch that escapes most of our video age movie going public.  Anthony Hopkins, Gary Sinise, and Nicole Kidman give real performances that will challenge and hopefully enrage some of you into seeing the dangers of social convention and why we let bad things happen.  This is a movie for people who ask questions, not just for those who feel they have all the answers.
Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) is a highly respected college dean and professor.  After one innocent remark is misinterpreted as a racist comment, he is forced to quit his job in disgrace.  Coleman begins a strange affair with an aimless woman (Nicole Kidman) half his age, who has had a tragic past and isn't ready to return his love.<br /><br />For me, this strange little movie was doomed from the start, when the big finish is shown right away.  The rest of the story is shown in choppy, anti-climactic flashbacks (often out of order) which didn't allow for any build-up in tension or sympathy for the main character, Coleman.  As a young man from New Jersey, he's played by Wentworth Miller who is quite charismatic and likeable, but looked and sounded nothing like the Welsh-accented adult Coleman (who sometimes appeared to channel a leering Hannibal Lector).  Hopkins is so horribly miscast in this role that it's impossible to buy the racially-charged plot.  Kidman was also completely wrong for this movie; her innate grace and elegance couldn't be hidden by a messy hairdo and I never bought her as an illiterate custodian.  Her graphic love scenes with Hopkins were more creepy than romantic.<br /><br />There is so much personal tragedy among the main characters  - including Gary Sinise who plays a troubled writer and Ed Harris as a crazed Vietnam vet - and yet the movie misfires completely and I felt no connection with them or the whole premise of injustice.  Afterward, I was left shaking my head at this surprising mess of a movie and just amazed that so much talent couldn't save it.
My feelings are mixed about this movie.  From what I have read in the professional reviews of this movie, the opinions are just as mixed.  In sum, it is a movie that will hopefully give one something to think about at its surprising conclusion.<p>Simply put, THE HUMAN STAIN is pretty much a revampted telling of an old tale that has facinated white audience since forever  and opened wounds and insulted some black audiences.  But, it stands apart from all its other predecesors out of the Hollywood movie machine in a good way that makes it worth seeing in that it's lead character played by Anthony Hopkins isn't stereotypically sympathetic and has depth. Still, his manipulative, cannibalistic and criminal Hannibal Lector has more integrity than his Coleman Silk.<p>The great and admirable Anthony Hopkins plays an aging professor with a dark secret who is accused of a racial slur by a student.  Through a series of flashbacks, his secret is gradually revealed to the audience--his being a black man passing as white-- as he tells his story to a reporter and begins an affair with a young illiterate janitor on campus, Nicole Kidman.  This young woman has a few secrets of her own like a possessive and obsessive husband.<p>Plotwise, I think the only minor flaw in the story will be that involving Kidman's charater's problems.  Only a little, they interrupt the real focus of interest of Hopkins's Silk.<p>Though another trite tale of the mulatto, at lease the characters are 3 diminional thanks to writing,Hopkin's, Kidman's and the supporting actors performances(e.g. Gary Sinise, Ed Harris and Wentworh Miller--the young black man who plays Hopkins in his youth, and Anna Deavere Smith whose scenes and  words to her son the young Silk are not fogettable, even Oscar worthy). Coleman Silk turns his back on his family and people to enjoy all the privileges and power of having white skin.  Instead of challeging prejudices, he enforces and caters to the very prejudices that deny him to be treated fairly as a black man.<p>At the movies conclusion one is forced to asked if anything has really changed for the better in real life. From what I have noticed in popular culture, the media and all the answer is.....  <p>Though the majority of black Americans like the characters played by Wentworth Miller and Anna Deavere Smith are a racially and culturally mixed people regardless of the complexion of skin ,or, whether both parents are black American or one  parent is white or whatever,  there are still those who will run as far away from being labeled black as they can get and declare themselves as separate but equal instead of challeging old inherited ideas of bigotry. Political correctness has warped into a new mask to hide self-hatred and racism. There are versions of Coleman Silks that still exist today, both dark and fair skinned, in the black community--even other non-black communities. Society still hasn't shed all its prejudices for those it looks upon as having the wrong skin color ,or, set of parents.
Ooooo! THE HUMAN STAIN offers the potential for so many Oscar nominations: Best Picture, Best Actor (Hopkins &amp; Kidman), Best Supporting Actor (Miller, Harris, &amp; Smith).<p>Hopkins is Coleman Silk, an aging and respected professor of literature at an idyllic New England liberal arts college, who, in the &quot;now&quot; of 1998, runs afoul of extremist political correctness. He's accused of racism after referring to two students, who've been absent from his class for the first 5 weeks of the term, as &quot;spooks&quot;, i.e. ghosts. Silk has never met them under any circumstances, but, as bad luck would have it, they're both Black. Called onto the carpet by the Board, and receiving no support from those who should know better, Coleman angrily resigns. When Silk breaks the news to his wife, she suffers a fatal heart attack. As Coleman puts it, his persecutors killed the wrong person.<p>On the rebound, Silk meets Faunia Farely (Kidman), who holds down three blue collar jobs, is separated from her abusive husband, a psychotic Vietnam vet named Lester (Ed Harris), and who keeps the ashes of her two dead kids under the bed. Faunia describes her troubled situation as befitting &quot;trailer trash&quot;, and carries more baggage than a loaded 747. But Silk is besotted, and embarks on a torrid love affair with the 30-year younger woman. As Silk declares to his writer friend Nathan (Gary Sinise):<p>&quot;This is not my first love, it's not my great love, but it's my last love&quot;. It's love - and great sex - in the winter of Coleman's life. Even Viagra gets a verbal plug.<p>THE HUMAN STAIN is also a tale of &quot;racial passing&quot;, i.e. the process  of shifting one's racial identity. You see, Coleman has a secret that he's kept buried for decades. (No, it's not that he's Welsh like Hopkins, but something else.) The film jumps back and forth between 1998 and the late 1940s, when a young Silk (Wentworth Miller) chooses to make the transition and abandon his natural family forever. It's only now, in a last orgasm of sharing with Faunia, that Coleman can unburden himself.<p>The plot sounds like grist for a maudlin TV soap, but is raised to heights of excellence by extraordinary performances, especially Hopkins and Kidman. Hopkins wore green contact lenses to match Miller's eye color, and the two men synchronized speech and body movement characteristics to make the age transition as seamless as possible. Nicole spent time in shelters for abused women to acclimatize herself to aspects of the role. And a scene where she longs to touch the back of Coleman's neck is Oscar material by itself. <p>Perhaps the most poignant sequence involves the young Coleman and his mother (Anna Deavere Smith), when the latter suggests what her birthday present might be five years hence. It brings tears to her son's eyes, and perhaps some of those in the audience. Smith's role is not extensive, but certainly memorable.<p>&quot;Human stain&quot; refers to the indelible mark, however miniscule in the universal scheme of things, that each of us makes on the world and which can't be undone. This film is about Coleman's stain and his coming to terms with it.<p>At one point, Coleman asks Faunia, battered by life and circumstances, what she wants from their relationship. She responds: &quot;kindness&quot;. This is, for each of us perhaps, the greatest truth of all.
Philip Roth's book The Human Stain was a fictional examination of racial/social and sexual biases in American culture with more than a dose of hypocrisy thrown in. I expected it to be a difficult novel to translate to film and I believe I was partially right.<br />The casting is excellent and Nicole Kidman is very good as Faunia Farley a bit of a lost soul being stalked by her violent and insane ex-husband who gets involved with an older college professor who has just lost his position due to an abnormally ridiculous case of Political Correctness. Anthony Hopkins is fabulous in that role although as the plot unfolds it becomes a bit harder to see him as the older version of his younger self as portrayed in flashback sequences. (Trying hard not to give too much away here).<br />A real strong performance by Ed Harris ( The most underrated guy in Hollywood) as the crazed husband cements this as a film worth checking out.<br />It's understandable why this wasn't a huge hit at the box office because it is a literary and somewhat challenging film.
Let me preface my review by saying (a) I have never read the novel and (b) I probably read too much about the movie before I saw it. I also watch movies for entertainment, never searching, and rarely stumbling upon, a much deeper meaning.<br /><br />That having been said, I was sure that I would find this movie completely unwatchable. I watched it only because Wentworth Miller was in it. But I found that I was actually quickly captivated by the movie, even before Miller appeared. I don't find the premise of Coleman Silk's dismissal from the college completely unbelievable. I find it, unfortunately, all too believable that an esteemed academic COULD be quickly dimissed for innocent remarks made that had potential of being racist, even if they were not. What I did not find was the suspense that the description of the movie alluded to. I don't really see how the revelation of Coleman Silk's big "secret" was about to ruin his life. In fact, in consideration of the fact that the loss of his job was due to a racist remark, the revelation of his secret could have saved his life. His "secret" had much stronger impacts on his life in the flashback scenes of the movie.<br /><br />Ironically, I also found the casting of Wentworth Miller as the young Silk every bit as implausible as the casting of Anthony Hopkins as the elder Silk, even knowing full-well that Miller is perfectly cast in the part.  If only the Silk family had just one member that had skin nearly as fair as Miller's, I could have bought it. (Perhaps Miller's own family should have been cast.) But Miller looked like the adopted child in the family, clearly much fairer than his parents and both siblings, both an older brother, and a younger sister. I also found it implausible that Silk had developed an incredibly strong British accent, presumably from his time at Oxford, after growing up in New Jersey and attending NYU, and then retained that accent over many, many years teaching in New England.<br /><br />However, it goes without saying that Hopkins played the part as well as it could be played, even if the casting on it's face was less-than ideal. Miller's casting was ideal on it's face AND his performance was strong, but I do wonder how much of it was "acting" per se, and not emotion based on his own feelings and struggles with his identity. In other words, he was great, but was it really that much of a stretch? Nicole Kidman was excellent, perfectly pulling off her character, as she always does. Somehow, she is always believeable, even if she is a beautiful, classy Australian playing a somewhat grubby, class-less American.<br /><br />I watched this film on DVD, so I have to believe that nothing was left out of my version. But I feel like I may have seen an edited version based on other reviews. As mentioned, I found the movie to be far from suspenseful. While Coleman's secret may have had significance in his youth, I found it to be far less significant in his adulthood. I have no idea how people knew that Kidman's character was illiterate.  I also have no idea what the scene with the crow had to do with anything other than allowing a means for Kidman's character to confess further details of her past. If that was it's purpose, it could have been much more cleverly achieved. Perhaps these were details that were in the book but not well integrated into the film.<br /><br />Overall, the movie is very watchable. It is a good story that makes one pause to think about the struggles of people of color, especially for those who have never had to go through such struggles. But don't expect to be sitting on the edge of your seat waiting for some huge secret to be revealed or for it to come out and ruin Silk's life. It's a great drama, not a strong suspense.
The Human Stain" is an interesting film about the bond between an unlikely couple (played by Nicole Kidman and Anthony Hopkins).  The one thing they seem to have in common is a life of emotional heartbreak, loneliness, and pain.  The film basically tells the story of their lives and eventual coming together through a series of flashbacks.  I did not find these flashbacks at all confusing as some reviewers have.  However, the film is somewhat flawed and lacking.  It has a tendency to drag slightly and never really takes off.  The ending is somewhat disappointing and could have been written much more effectively.  However, the acting performances are outstanding.  I think this is Nicole Kidman's best acting role.  Her performance as an emotionally weakened, unsophisticated woman is outstanding.  Also brilliant are Anthony Hopkins and Gary Sinise (a friend of Hopkins' character who narrates the movie).  And Ed Harris does a good job playing Kidman's psychotic ex-husband.  Despite its weaknesses, this is an interesting film backed by some excellent acting.
Early in &quot;The Human Stain,&quot; a young man meets a woman. It's *the* woman, and although the scene is short it is perfectly played, and we know. We also know that the young man harbors a secret, which he will be forced to reveal just once, after which the woman will be lost, and so will the man for 45 years. Philip Roth's book and Robert Benton's movie is about that man, Coleman Silk, in his final year, and how he finds himself again in a woman.<br /><br /> The movie is, of course, much more complex than that. Too complex.<br /><br /> Silk is the mastodon dean of the classics department at a New England liberal arts school who is charged with racism after referring to absent students as &quot;spooks.&quot; Those students, whom Silk has never seen, are black. And so is Silk, though, played by Anthony Hopkins, he doesn't look it. Nor does anyone else know, because that's his secret. Faced with revealing his race to save his job, Silk instead resigns, his wife dies from the shock of Silk's tumultuous decline, and the fallen dean befriends a reclusive writer (Gary Sinise). He also meets a dairy worker, Faunia (Nicole Kidman), who's young, rough around the edges, sexually adventurous.<br /><br /> And so begins Silk's reawakening. Roth's book jumps around freely in time and points of view and so does the movie in an attempt to make some coherent point about privacy, personal identity, shame and loss. The book and movie are set against the backdrop of the Clinton/Lewinsky scandal - it seems like a grab for historical import in the book, while it is a distraction in the movie - and has several scenes set in the 1940s, as an 18-year-old Silk (Wentworth Miller) meets Minnesotan Sheena (Jacinda Barrett) and begins a brief, intense courtship. Miller and Barrett, in short shrift, develop instant, excellent chemistry - better than Hopkins and Kidman do in the present day scenes - which makes the moment when Sheena meets Silk's refined, soft-spoken black mother (Anna Deveare Smith) direct and tragic.<br /><br /> Silk's new romance is equally troubled, although it's Faunia with the disreputable label. She broadcasts her flooziness, and her husband, ex-Vietnam vet Lester (an electric, scary Ed Harris) hunts her from one sexual encounter to another. Silk, robust and virile as he is, is not fully prepared for this woman or her past.<br /><br /> &quot;The Human Stain&quot; only works in spots; like the book, it has its moments, such as when old Silk dresses down a preppy lawyer, or Sheena &quot;dances&quot; for young Silk, but Benton and screenwriter Nicholas Meyer pile on so many themes that we're left only the aroma of a story, not an actual one. Kidman is the wrong actress for Faunia - talking in low scratch and chain-smoking does not a roughwoman make. Hopkins is better, but curiously distant as Silk, who is so far inside his own vision of himself that he still seems to be peering out for the coast to be clear. Harris steals every scene he's in, which is few.<br /><br /> The movie would been smarter to stay rooted in the past, during Silk's critical growth period. The present day material feels strangely like three old men - Roth, Benton and Meyer - getting off on a tough-skinned naked woman running her hand over a bewildered older man's body.
A quiet deliberate movie ultimately suffers from having too much star power. No matter how scruffy and wain the filmmakers try to make Nicole Kidman look, she's still Nicole Kidman. Her portrayal of a janitor really pushes the limits of "suspension of disbelief" with her delicate features and legs that go on forever.<br /><br />And Anthony Hopkins is also miscast as a Jewish professor with a hard knock, secret past. While he remains one of my favorite actors, he cannot escape his "Britishness" which is even more unbelievable once you discover what his character's past is! The real discovery of this film is Wentworth Miller's absolutely astonishing turn as the teenage Anthony Hopkins.<br /><br />Ultimately, the film is worth seeing for Wentworth Miller alone. But the casting of two megawatt Hollywood actors hurts the believability of this film in the end.
Wow - and Mystic River got Oscar nominations and this got mediocre reviews ?!?  Mystic River was barely mediocre compared to this film.  What wonderful acting, from both acclaimed and underrated actors and actresses.  Just try finding a bad performance in this film - I challenge you.<br /><br />Both the soryline and script were outstanding and the acting was superb. Try finding a weak performance in this film.
"The Human Stain" is about two individuals, battered and bruised by life, who try to find meaning and purpose in a May/December romance.  Anthony Hopkins plays Dr. Coleman Silk, a college professor who "resigns" just prior to his retirement after a student unjustly accuses him of making a racist comment in his classroom.  Compounding the tragedy, Coleman also loses his wife to a brain aneurysm, the direct result, Coleman believes, of stress caused by both the accusation and the lack of support he receives from friends, colleagues and university officials concerning the charge.  The irony is that Coleman, unbeknownst to anyone else, is actually a light-skinned black man who has spent his adult life hiding his true identity from the world.  Coleman's life takes a seeming turn for the better when he enters into an affair with Faunia Farley, a 34-year old cleaning woman (Nicole Kidman) who has lost her two children in a fire and who is being stalked by her violent, mentally unstable husband, played by Ed Harris.  The fourth major character is Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise), a reclusive author who becomes a friend and confidante of the ex-professor, and who ends up writing a story about this odd but compelling relationship.<br /><br />"The Human Stain" is an uneven, often muddled film that still has a great deal to offer the discriminating viewer.  On the negative side, Hopkins is woefully miscast in the lead role, not because he delivers a bad performance (he doesn`t), but because we find it virtually impossible to accept him as an African American passing himself off as white.  This may, indeed, be a case of a bridge too far when it comes to the extent to which we are willing to suspend our disbelief for any story, no matter how worthy its aspirations.  The film also suffers at times from a lack of clear definition, particularly with the Kidman character who remains pretty much an enigma throughout.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing since ambiguity is often more intriguing than clarity, but the filmmakers in this case needed to work a bit harder in developing her character.  Coleman's story is considerably more compelling, particularly in the scenes flashing back to the 1940's, as Coleman as a young man (well played by Wentworth Miller), has to cope with the difficulties of being a racially ambiguous person in a clear-cut, black-and-white world.  Frankly, the movie might have been more interesting had it focused on this aspect of the story and dropped the main plot line altogether.<br /><br />Still, "The Human Stain" is worth watching, albeit more for what it promises than for what it delivers.  The plotting may not always hold up under scrutiny, but the tone of quiet sadness that permeates the film pulls us into the tale anyway.  Here are two people who have been so mistreated by circumstances that even they don't know what it is they're searching for.  They just know that they can't continue going through life alone with no one to rely on for support.  As a result, we find ourselves drawn to these two people even though we can't always figure out why.  Hopkins (despite the serious credibility problem) and Kidman underplay their roles nicely, highlighting the sadness and vulnerability of their emotionally wounded characters.<br /><br />"The Human Stain" is a mixed bag of a movie, an admirably original and complex film that never quite brings all its various elements together.  Sinise and Harris` characters seem particularly contrived and tacked on, little more than awkward devices inserted to keep the plot moving along.  Still, in this day and age when most films provide little or no food for thought, even an unsatisfying work like "The Human Stain" can serve as nutrition for the starved soul.
So you put 4 talented, or I think it's safe to say extremely talented, actors together and what is supposed to happen?? Not this! I'm in shock at the complete dullness of that movie. Don't get me wrong, Nicole Kidman and Anthony Hopkins, in whatever movie they are in, give a great performance, but this could have been one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Sure, it may have been well shot with nice scenes and good acting, but what ever happened to a little something called a plot? By the end of the movie I was praying for it to be over. I didn't care if any of the actors died because I had no sympathy for any of them except for the african american family. I'd like to know how some of these movies get made these days. The screenplay is one of the most important, if not the most important, aspect of movies and this movie bombed. Could it be any more miscasted? (is that a word) Also, there wasn't one twist. There wasn't one plot point that caught my interest. This movie could have been an amazing thriller but instead it was Hopkinds and Kidman having sex for two hours because... oh wait I don't know why they like each other. This movie could have been amazing, even with the same actors as it had. Kidman's past would be amazing if elaborated, and the whole sex deal between her and Hopkins would have to go. My favorite part of the movie, if you can call it that, is when the psycho crazy guy kills them both. I find this movie an insult to Hollywood and an embarresment to the actor's careers. I'd like to know what the director was thinking. Books are different than movies. Books can keep your interest in different ways than movies can, and I'm sure the novel it was based on was great, but this movie was a dissapointment, and I'm shocked at the five stars that appear on the site. If you want to see Kidman and Hopkins really give a permormance rent Instinct or The Others, not this excuse for a movie. Sorry if I was harsh, but I can't belevie what i just watched!
Robert Benton's "The Human Stain" is a well-intentioned, ambitious but ultimately deeply flawed film.  It does a masterful job of passing for a profound, Oscar-caliber film.  So masterful, in fact, that for long stretches of time you don't notice that it's simply not working.<br /><br />It boasts an incredible A-list cast including Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinise and Ed Harris, it does indeed boast some Oscar-worthy performances.  I was especially impressed by Kidman's complete transformation into a somewhat-less-than-classy janitor.  In addition to the tour-de-force cast, there's Benton's artsy direction style and the even-artsier cinematographer Jean-Yves Escoffier's beautiful work.  Escoffier died shortly after filming wrapped and the film is dedicated in his memory.  And thene there's the esteemed Rachel Portman's beautifully composed score.  And then there's the source material which was adapted from the brilliantly complex novel by Philip Roth.<br /><br />However, these glittering pieces never fit together into a movie that's worthy of its prestigious pedigree.  It seems unfair, then, that all of that talent and expertise has resulted in a film that, while beautifully crafted, is so emotionally detached, remote, and confused by itself.  I haven't read Roth's novel, but I suspect that screenwriter Nicholas Meyer, in his attempt to get all the main characters and events from the book onto the screen, had to leave a lot of connective material behind. That material, whatever it may be, may have seemed less important to Meyer, but without it the parts of Roth's story just drift, disconnected, in their own peculiar orbits.<br /><br />Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a college professor who loses his job over a supposedly racist remark.  The irony of this charge forms the base theme for the story. Silk's comment is innocent because of "the big secret" he has hidden for many years.  After resigning from the college where he had worked for years, he begins an affair with Faunia Farley, played by Kidman.  She has her own emotional baggage and is unable to commit to the relationship with Coleman.  The affair, however, revitalizes Silk and he is finally able to confront some of his past demons.<br /><br />Just about the time all these conflicts are coming to a head, the whole story comes to a crashing halt. There is an extended epilogue. The movie staggers on for about 20 more minutes, but the story has been decapitated, and has nowhere to go. The ending is anti-climactic in the most extreme sense of the word.<br /><br />The storyline is periodically (and annoyingly) interrupted by extended flashbacks of Coleman as a young man in 1944 New York.  It's in these scenes that we learn "the big secret" that Coleman has spent his life concealing.  This is the hidden core of the film.  And it ends up being the ultimate failing of the film. The flashbacks work fine on their own merits, but they don't feel connected at all to the rest of the film. The flashback scenes, and the secret they contain, seem to have no impact on the later scenes. If somebody told me that Hopkins was never even told by Benton what went on in the flashblacks, I wouldn't be a bit surprised.<br /><br />Kidman, meanwhile, takes a good many risks, playing not just seductive but lowbrow to considerable effect; her character, however, is never fully explored, and a few of her scenes are bizarrely unexplained (especially one in which she talks to a caged crow in a campus classroom, which comes out of nowhere and makes very little sense).
Everyone who has seen the film LAWRENCE OF ARABIA remembers how it opens with the death of T. E. Lawrence (Peter O'Toole): he drives his motorcycle off a gravel road to avoid hitting some pedestrians. Similarly, THE HUMAN STAIN begins with the deaths of Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) and his lover, Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman): Silk drives his car off an icy road to avoid hitting an approaching pickup truck that deliberately swerved into their lane. About 98% of the subsequent parts of both films are giant flashbacks showing us the significant life-choices Lawrence and Silk made and the things they said and did BEFORE that fatal moment.<br /><br />One of these films is an affirmation, with a kind of summing up; the other is a catalyst or trigger for further thought. In the case of Lawrence, the many remaining scenes arouse our respect and admiration for a heroic historical individual. In that of Silk, we are meant to feel sorrow and compassion for a man with a hidden past--and similar feelings for his lover and for her ex-husband and for almost everyone else in this film--and THEN we are meant to generalize and begin to think about the many flaws in human nature and human society that cause so much suffering for ourselves and for the people we live among: anti-Semitism, racism, classism, ageism, snobbishness, racism, jealousy, hypocricy, cowardice, greed, distrust, racism, selfishness, sexism, puritanism, etc. etc. etc. And did I mention racism yet?<br /><br />Other reviewers have complained that THE HUMAN STAIN leaves out too many parts of Philip Roth's wonderful novel, that Hopkins has a Welsh accent (would Jeff Bridges have done better?), that the actor playing Silk as a younger man (Wentworth Miller) doesn't look or sound like Hopkins, that the love relationship between Silk and Faunia (who is half his age) is "creepy," etc. etc. etc. For those reviewers, this film did not work; something got in the way. I am pretty certain, too, that for my late parents and for my late sister (as well as a few dozen ex-in-laws), this film would not have worked either--chiefly because of their blatant, lamentable RACISM (which many reviewers avoid discussing). One of the huge ironies of THE HUMAN STAIN is that if Silk's secret had been known to any of his fellow faculty members or townspeople, he would have been hated--and probably murdered--because of that, rather than for his (imaginary) Jewishness or for the May-December aspect of his love affair--with an uneducated "white trash cleaning lady." (By the way, Coleman Silk's fatal relationship with Faunia Farley is bracketed for us in the movie as being somewhere between Pres. Clinton's obsession with Ms. Lewinsky and that of Achilles with Briseis, the slave girl that Agamemnon coveted in THE ILIAD.)<br /><br />While I was fully conscious of the differences between Miller's and Hopkins' portrayals of Silk, this did not bother me. I thought both actors did fine jobs with their scenes, as did Nicole Kidman (she is especially wonderful when talking with the captive crow!) and Gary Sinise (playing Nathan Zuckerman, who, at the end, is writing about Silk--and who perhaps has been, in a kind of loop, presenting us Silk's story all along, including how Silk met him). Phyllis Newman (an actress I admired forty years ago) does an excellent brief scene as Silk's wife, Iris, who suffers a fatal heart attack when he is falsely accused of being a racist, and Ed Harris is totally believable and totally wonderful as Lester Farley, Kidman's jealous, half-crazy, Vietnam-vet ex-husband (this is the best performance I have ever seen Harris give). Kudos also to Mimi Kuzyk as ambitious Prof. Delphine Roux, who viciously accuses Silk of being a racist.<br /><br />Do the five stars I gave this film mean I think it is nearly perfect? No--if I were giving it a letter grade, I would rate it about A- (somewhere around a 92 perhaps). Why this high? Because despite its flaws, it DID work for me: it made me feel strongly and care strongly about the characters and their problems and the outcomes of their lives--and it made me continue to ponder them and the broader issues the film raised, not just for a few seconds or minutes or hours, but for several days after watching it. Not many films have had that strong an impact on me. THE MISSION did, and so did A MAN FOR ALL SEASONS (both with screenplays by Robert Bolt, who coincidentally also wrote the screenplay for LAWRENCE OF ARABIA). But not many other films have had this effect--so THE HUMAN STAIN is in very good company.
I have not read the book, but I will assume for now that it is much more balanced than the film. Overall, it was interesting but not as good as it probably could have been. Though I really enjoyed the flashbacks and think that Wentworth Miller is a great actor, the scenes didn't seem to have any connection to the scenes set in 1998. They were randomly placed, for the most part, so I felt like I was watching two different movies. Though I love Anthony Hopkins, I do agree that he should not have been cast as Coleman. He's just not believable as a black man passing for Jewish, and to top that, he and Wentworth are absolutely nothing alike. Some books aren't made to be adapted into films, and I'd have to say that this one falls under that category.
The Human Stain takes a penetrating look at the myths with which society surrounds itself in order to remain `respectable', and how those myths are simply a portal into another level of suffering. It portrays the stains which persist in society, and which, even after constant cleansing, get perpetuated into the future and our lives in one form or the other.<br /><br />I thought that the theme was very interesting, the movie itself, less so. Anthony Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a highly respected Professor of Classics at Athena College, Massachusetts. Right from his arrival, he has catapulted the College to fame and respectability, and has become Dean. His own respectability is undermined when he once innocently calls two black students, perpetually absent from class, as `spooks'. He is unaware of the derogatory meaning of the phrase, and the two students press charges against him. He resigns in anger, and the faculty members apparently are only too satisfied to let him go, because they want to avoid scandal. The year is 1998, and the country itself is enveloped in the throes of a scandal-the Clinton-Lewinsky affair.<br /><br />Silk's wife dies from the shock of the accusations, and Silk becomes a lonely, dark, grudging man. Some solace comes in the form of a friendship with a young writer (Gary Sinise), himself living in seclusion in the woods after a hard fight with cancer. But the wheels of Silk's destiny really start turning when he begins an intense affair with an illiterate janitor (Nicole Kidman), many years younger than him. In turn, she faces chronic problems of her own, including an abusive childhood and a drunken, raucous and abusive Vietnam veteran husband. The rest of the movie essentially revolves about Silk's tumultuous and scandalous present life, and a disturbing past, which harbours a dark secret. I won't give it away for those of you who haven't watched it, but let it suffice here to say that he is running away from a stain which was inflicted on him many years back, as a young man in love, and an expert boxer. Silk's life long attempts to hide that old stain ironically have landed him into another disturbed existence.<br /><br />I thought that the movie itself failed to be very interesting, although the director seems to have made sincere attempts to keep the intrigue and philosophy flowing. The one thing that shines through are the performances by Hopkins, Sinise and Kidman. The Human Stain makes an interesting foray into the inevitabilities of life. If we hide from a truth, it's very likely that another will haunt us, just like it haunted Silk. Better than that to face the truth and fight for it. But the problem is still not resolved. Society still has to inure itself to many blatant and supposedly embarrassing eventualities in it's citizens' lives. We still have to come to terms with the ugly ducklings among us, moralizing and generous as our expressed views and opinions about them may be. Society itself has a long way to go before it becomes all-accommodating. The most penetrating stains, it seems, are the ones which cannot be seen.
I knew little about The Human Stain before watching it, but I presumed a film with the likes of Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Senise, and Ed Harris had to be good.<br /><br />Those players were certainly outstanding in their individual performances, but I'm afraid the story itself did not come across as the gleaming finished product I was hoping for.<br /><br />Like I said, the performances were excellent, and for the most part well cast.  Hopkins gave me what I expected from him.  Senise is steady and is an effective narrator.  Harris' role is smaller than what I forecasted, but his lines are delivered with just the right mood and strength.  Kidman, for me, really shone.  She is one of my favorites, and in this film she is eccentric, tragic, vulnerable, harsh.<br /><br />However, as the plot untwists, I couldn't get past the possibility that Hopkins had been terribly miscast.  I won't spoil it for you, but this was a real distraction for me in the last quarter of the film.<br /><br />The performances across the board were excellent, however, the screenplay and directing could not hold up the other end of the bargain.  The very intriguing premise of the film included race relations, political correctness, and sexual relations between people aged 40 years apart; but it never really did more than scratch the surface.  The story was enough to hold my interest, but it never pushed into very unfamiliar territory.  It was also undermined by some superfluous scenes.  I felt the foreshadowing in the first frames could have been omitted since it left the outcome of the film in little doubt.  Also, the final scene on the frozen lake was totally unnecessary and did nothing to bring closure to either of the characters' relationships.  The story itself seemed pieced together rather haphazardly.<br /><br />All in all, I can only give this film a lukewarm recommendation.
This movie is at least as much about the past as it is about the present; the past receives virtually equal screen time through flashbacks. Certain reviewers have complained that it is 'pompous', I suppose because it takes place in a college environment, or that both Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman are miscast. It concerns a classics professor, age 71, African American though nearly white in appearance, who is falsely accused of racism and quits in protest; this event kills his wife; he soon becomes involved with a distinctly intellectually inferior woman whom, through sex and other forms of communication, he soon comes to consider his soul mate, despite opposition both from his lawyer and from her boorish former husband. It is in fact a good match, between an intelligent man who is somewhat over the hill physically and a vital young woman whose former husband and 2 dead children would make anyone cry. Ed Harris is superbly evil as her insanely jealous ex-husband who knows she is having sex with another man. Faunia is a somewhat pitiable character, not too bright, who works as a cleaning woman. There is also a writer who is hired to write Coleman's biography. Faunia's chain smoking, which is sometimes gratuitous in Hollywood movies, in this case is effective in defining her character.<br />  At least half the movie concerns Coleman's young manhood, during which time he rejected his African American family and set out to live life as white, and Jewish. These flashbacks show him as a successful undefeated boxer in his youth and also reveal an affair he had with a college student of Scandinavian descent.<br />  In the present he still considers himself white and cannot bring himself to reveal his past, although it might have saved his job. The lovers die in a car accident, which provides the forum for more reminiscences on Coleman's life. I thought this was a fine film and deserved a strong 4 stars.
As I have not read the original book by Philip Ross, I cannot say for certain whether or not the book is better than the film -- kind of usual debate surrounding any novel.  But I can say this for sure -- the story about is very interesting, and the theme very intriguing, but the unbelievable casting ruins everything.<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins plays a Jewish professor of classic literature, Coleman Silk, who resigns his post after referring to the absentee student, using, some argue, politically incorrect word.  Remember, the time is set in 1998, when that kind of PC debate was still going on.  Silk, after losing his job and wife too, meets a chain-smoking woman Faunia Farley, who works at university and post-office, played by Nicole Kidman.  And Faunia, it seems, is trying to shake off the sad, traumatic memories about her husband who came back from Vietnam (Ed Harris).<br /><br />All these stories are told by Zuckerman, generally supposed to be alter ego of the writer Ross, and Gary Sinese appears as him, living alone in a hut.  Then Zuckerman (and we) will know the secret of Professor Silk, who in fact was not Jewish, and buried secrets about his family in the past.<br /><br />Now, think about this.  Anthony Hopkins, born in Wales if I am not mistaken, is hardly the right choice for the role.  Not that he is not intellectual ... he definitely is ... but he never looks the way the film requires.  And Sinese as Zuckeman is also a strange choice, for Zuckerman must be, considering his profile, much older than Sinese is.<br /><br />And the same thing goes to Nicole Kidman.  After playing Virginia Wolfe or Satine, she cannot play this role.  I don't say that a chain-smoking woman  working at a dairy farm cannot be like Nicole Kidman.  It's only that we have seen too many of her, and we feel that she is stretching her acting too much.<br /><br />What is most regreattable is that the younger Coleman Silk played by Wentworth Miller is so convincing.  I know his personal background, and that lends some power to the credible character, but the fact is that Mr. Miller himself is a talented actor, perhaps, as far as the film goes, better suited to the role of Mr. Silk, than Hopkins, who is getting hammier these days.<br /><br />The film is beautifully shot (the last film by photographer Jean-Yves Escoffier), and the theme is a worthy one, but the script by Nicholas Meyer is curiously hollow.  It sporadically delves the deeper places of the character(s), but is too busy keeping up with the pace, trying to include many things in the film.  Strange thing is, Zuckerman, who should be the link to the characters, is least effective, just muddling through the novel's world.  Did we need him after all?<br /><br />I am hugely disappointed by the result, and especially the casting, though I admit that the central characters are interesting, and the material is worth discussing.  Maybe we should read the book, as many reviewers would say after watching the filmed versions of their beloved books.
During the first 30 minutes or so I was enjoying the film but not sure how they got so many fine actors to sign on to the piece. As the plot progressed, though, I was further drawn into the movie. Hopkins does a tremendous job in his role and proves his prowess as an actor yet again. The directing and editing are teriffic and the film as a whole interprets you more than you are able to interpret it. Highly recommended!
This movie does a good job of showing the dangers of ignorance & racism. This movie exposes how much havoc such narrow minded folk can cause.  For this reason alone, I recommend this movie.  I also recommend it because it's a good story and the acting is top notch!  Enjoy!
This movie started out excellently. I thought they should have shown more of the young Silk with his family. It also seemed that Jacinta Barrett was trying to stay with him until she realized his mother would never approve.  They should have shown him trying to decide whether to embrace his blackness and see if he could still keep his job or at least go to court and fight the charges while still remaining undercover.  The love story was totally unnecessary to the development of the plot, and the ending seems like they ran out of ideas.  I would have liked to see more of Wentworth Miller (his performance is worth watching the movie for) and Anna DeVere Smith.  And yes, Anthony Hopkins was truly miscast.
This movie would have been wonderful if the focus was on Coleman's flashbacks to his college years, not on the jumbled-up present of his life.  While the segments with Nicole Kidman's character drag on, the flashbacks present a wonderful picture of what it was like to be of a racially mixed background during racial tumultuous times.  Wentworth Miller is wonderful as the young Coleman Silk (a role that should have given him more movie clout), and Anna Deveare Smith is stoic and touching as Silk's mother.  Gary Sinise and Ed Harris shine in their present-day roles, but Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman are by far the weakest links in this movie.  Or, perhaps, their characters are by far the weakest links.
Anthony Hopkins plays a man that is forced to deal with his past, and realize that no matter how much he wanted to hide it, he had to accept it, and move on! Enter Nicole Kidman, a 30-something year old woman, who herself has to deal with her past, a past that is riddled with pain and suffering. The world that these people live in is very separate, but in the course of the film, they suddenly collide.<br /><br />Overall, the film was prety good, but in my opinion, the content was a bit over the top in vulgarity.  Some of it was very unecessary...and very unwanted...yes it was rated R, but it has been a long time since I have heard the "f" word spoken more than ten times in a row within a 2 minute span...utterly embrassing in my book.<br /><br />All actors involved in this project did a great job with the material.  Very dark drama indeed.
Based on the novel by Phillip Roth, this is a special film, exploring issues of race, hypocrisy, relationships and the tragedy of the human condition.<br /><br />Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) is a classics professor at an eastern Ivy League college. During his tenure as Dean of the school, he brought the college from a mediocre one to one of excellence. In the politics of academia, where bureaucracy can be so entrenched, change is the enemy, thus Coleman Silk's efforts towards excellence, inevitably makes a few enemies.<br /><br />In the late nineties, during the Clinton administration, the atmosphere of so-called political correctness hovered like a spectre, censorship reigned supreme, and as one of the characters at the end of the film states, "People have become so dumb, but they all have an opinion." Professor Silk makes the mistake of calling two conspicuously absent students "spooks", in the definitive context of absence or invisibility, not in the 50's slang for black American. In fact, he never met these students, but his words are taken as racial slurs because the students are black Americans. (This proves to be a great irony as the film progresses) This is an interesting example of censorship at the time, as in so many cases, the person or people crying racism or explicit sex or whatever the issue, more often than not, is taken out of context, turning it into something other than what it actually means. Out of principle, and because, out of fear, no one supports him, he is forced to resign just before his retirement. To add insult to injury, Silk's wife dies in his arms from a heart attack on that very day.<br /><br />Enter Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Siniese) the "writer in hiding" and narrator of the tale. The two men forge a bond that is both interesting and touching. The scene where they dance `cheek to cheek' on the porch over a sentimental song was a work of pure theatrical genius. There is no question that both these fine actors are at the top of their art form. It is here that Silk confesses that he is involved with a thirty-four year old woman. Enter Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman) a beautiful working class girl with a legion of personal issues: sexually abused as a child; a battered wife from a psychotic husband, (Ed Harris) and two dead children due to an accident that is explained in the film but remains vague. The relationship between Silk and Farley is an unusual one as there is a vast age difference and both are so different socially and otherwise. But they connect and have an obvious need for one another, which causes the people around them to gossip, threat and make efforts to destroy them. Coleman Silk has one of the better lines in the film, in order to justify this relationship:<br /><br />"She's not my first love, nor my greatest love, but she's my last love."<br /><br />This film is about many things: the evil of prejudice and racism; the ignorance, hypocrisy and oppression of censorship; the mysteries of attraction and love between people; it is about fear and our need for revenge; it is about making choices and having to live with those choices.<br /><br />This is a special film and a wonderful story, intriguing and confronting but ultimately a tragedy in every sense.
Very thought provoking.<br /><br />It is about a man leaving his family (and color) to start a new life. For some reason he only falls for white women.  Supposedly, he is so light that no one else  can tell he is black. He only sneaks around to see his family.It is a strange movie but still thought provoking and deep.
A very underated movie - this should be a classic of all time. Bought it for our inter-racially married daughter.  Hope my "squidlings" will watch it when they are older and understand how far we have come.
This film grabs the viewer from the opening scene.  Through a winter's bleak landscape, a car's easy progress along the dark road is enhanced by the sedate pace of the background music.  Before the credits have stopped running, the car is rolling into the roadside stream, the occupants clearly lost.  An oncoming vehicle has driven them off the road deliberately, then continues on.  Why has such a murder occurred?<br /><br />Coleman Sylk [Hopkins] a classics scholar, denies a student's charge of racism as "spectacularly false", yet resigns his college post in protest.  He contacts Nathan Zuckerman [Sinise] to commission him to write the story of his life - the son of "the only Jewish saloon keeper in East Orange".  Zuckerman, a writer suffering "block" is reluctant to undertake the task, but as he learns more about Sylk, he becomes fascinated by the man.  The unfolding story is far more of "An American Tragedy" than Theodore Dreiser could have ever envisioned.<br /><br />Sylk, whose real story is far more convoluted than that of the "son of a Jewish saloon keeper", is an angry man.  His outbursts aren't violent - that aspect of his life is clearly under tight control.  But the events of his youth are reflected in his dealings with others in his later life.  To explain this, Sylk's early life [Wentworth Miller] is portrayed as a succession of deceptions, from his struggle to follow his own desires against his father's wishes, to that father's own role in life.  Coleman wanted to be boxer - he was good in the ring.  But he follows a different path to become a classical scholar.  The "first Jew to teach classical literature in America" - according to narrator Zuckerman.<br /><br />The source of Coleman's ire becomes clear when he tells Zuckerman about his first love.  While in university, he meets a young woman and invites her home to dinner.  The result is an act in a long-term tragedy. A tragedy that has yet to be played out both in the film and in real life.  Convoluting Coleman's already bizarre existence is his unexpected encounter with Faunia Farley [Nicole Kidman].  In what is demonstrably her best role, Kidman is a woman beset by tragic circumstances.  Their liaison, which should be completely out of character for both, proves stable and enduring.  A cynical farm woman struggling for survival, she should have little to offer the classics scholar.  But Coleman's own struggles provide a hidden bond.  The two become lovers, mutually reinforcing and restoring a positive approach to their lives.<br /><br />It's easy for Hopkins to impart tension in a film role - he's done it often enough.  But here, he displays a new version of that emotion.  There is the visible manifestation of self-control.  While he can release his rage when he's relating his story to Zuckerman, a whole new aspect appears when he's with Kidman.  In turn, while she might simply be grateful for his attention, Kidman becomes enamoured of his qualities.  She discovers his strengths and capacities, leading her to develop a sincere affection for this stranger.  Together, the endure challenges and overcome them.  All but the last one.<br /><br />There are many roles in this film deserving applause.  Anna Deveare Smith's depiction of Coleman's mother, Ed Harris as Faunia's ex-husband and, of course, Jacinda Barrett as Coleman's university-days lover stand out well under Benton's direction.  Hopkins and Kidman, however, rightly dominate this production.  Kidman, in particular, exhibits a capacity hardly promised in her other roles.  This film is reminiscent of two of Sean Connery's in which two co-stars, Lorraine Bracco and Catherine Zeta-Jones seem to suddenly blossom out of previous mediocrity.  Was there an unforeseen magic between Hopkins and Kidman, or did Benton provide a catalyst needed to bring out the best these two could provide?  However the formula worked, the product is something outstanding.  [stephen a. haines - Ottawa, Canada]
Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman are two of my favourite actors. You have already read the synopsis and the editor's report so I won't bore you with the details. I found this film very enjoyable and good entertainment. A good plot and first class acting.
Not a bad interpretation of Philip Roth's novel; Anthony Hopkins is, yes, a little too British and not entirely believable in the racially ambiguous role he is assigned & Nicole Kidman does bring a little too much star power to her part, but the bones of the story remain intact (and I have indeed read the Roth novel). I think Gary Sinise is a fine choice for the role of Zuckerman, the novelist whose outside perspective tells  the story,<br /><br />The inner nexus of themes has to do with a number of important and archetypal issues that circle around each other, never reaching full closure.  To what extent can a person "opt out" of full participation in life, either because society or nature makes it hard? Who do you betray when you make that choice? Does society (or your employer) bear any responsibility? Sex and love, what is the relationship, finally and in the last analysis?<br /><br />The genius of Roth's novel is to raise such difficult questions; thankfully, the film does not shy away from them. Really, it's a praiseworthy effort to convey how complicated it is to negotiate the difficult passage between full participation and cowardly retirement from the business of life. I'd definitely recommend this film; its flaws are venial; its accomplishments are mortal.
I came away with mixed feelings about the film on multiple levels, which speaks to its complexity. Previous reviewers have articulated many of the same thoughts as mine. Ed Harris was flawless playing an angry ex-Vietnam vet, one of his finest performances.  Nicole Kidman's acting was excellent, but her efforts to sound American also made her sound stilted and every word took twice as long to be articulated.  Mr. Miller who plays the young Silk and Ms. Smith who plays his mother were so compelling together, they stole the show.  The talented performances by a fine cast, strangely did not work well as an ensemble.<br /><br />The political correctness theme superimposed on the Clinton/Monica Lewinsky scandal was an annoying distraction.  Yes, political correctness has been used and turned around such that its good intentions became its own destruction.  Here, the word "spook" is used to illustrate how it can be manipulated to make its usage seem ill-intentioned.  That is the argument against political correctness, that we attach moral connotations to words and judge people not by their actions or intentions, but their verbal diarrhea.  But, the deeper issue is the way society creates these moral dilemmas in the first place, which challenges detractors of political correctness.  What ultimately bothered me about this film was the over-moralization of young Silk's choice, which undermined society's role in his choice.  The young Silk was not a sympathetic character, which is reflected in the undercurrent of accusation that all his losses stemmed from his dishonesty.  The irony is that racial prejudice created this conflict for him, and in this instance society bears the bulk of the responsibility.<br /><br />The interactions of young Silk and his family were so moving, it is a shame that they were given homage only in flashbacks.  The poignant dialogue will be remembered for a long time.  It could have been a great film, but too much time devoted to the older Silk brought it down a notch. The older Silk's relationship with Nicole Kidman's character was overplayed, where it should have just been an interesting sidebar.  The strength of the movie relies on the past so much, it should have stayed there.  But, well worth seeing and an excellent movie overall.
This is an outstanding movie...Hopkins, Sinese, Kidman and Ed Harris all in one movie?? What a powerful acting performance from all four.<br /><br />The movie has disturbing and very hopeful messages about humanity all rolled into one.  Even though it is shocking and alittle sexually graphic, it has powerful and compassionate humanistic messages subtly placed.<br /><br />Huge thumbs up!  Five Stars!!
&quot;The Human Stain&quot; is based on the novel of the same name by Philip Roth, which employs the not entirely novel device of seeing through the eyes of a novelist. Gary Sinese plays novelist Nathan Zuckerman, who, after a bestseller and a divorce, has secluded himself in a cabin outside the town of Athena, Massachusetts. He grows close to the newly retired Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), who has become an outcast of sorts himself, having been forced to retire after 35 years of service as a professor of classics and Dean of Faculty at nearby Athena College. Against the admonitions of friends and colleagues, Coleman has an improbable affair with a much-younger cleaning woman, Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), which seems even less advisable when her unstable ex-husband (Ed Harris) arrives on the scene.<br /><br /> &quot;The Human Stain&quot; has a deliberately slow pace. It diligently picks its way along. It seemed oppressive for the film's first half-hour, but eventually I was drawn in by the characters. Both Coleman and Faunia's characters are defined by their pasts, ironically, as both have dedicated their lives to putting the past behind them. The mysteries of these pasts are revealed slowly, and that is the means by which the audience is drawn into the story. Both Anthony Hopkins and Nicole Kidman give impressive performances, but the casting is conspicuously odd. Neither of these characters looks his or her part in the least. This doesn't detract from their emotional power, but I have to wonder what the powers that be were thinking when they cast this film. I guess they were thinking that two talented A-list actors could pull anything off. Wentworth Miller is perfectly cast as the younger Coleman Silk. And I was particularly impressed by Anna Deavere Smith as Coleman's wise but heartbroken mother. &quot;The Human Stain&quot; is a nice character drama. It's just not for the impatient.<br /><br /> The DVD: &quot;Behind the Scenes Special&quot; is an 8-minute featurette about making the film that includes interviews with the cast and director Robert Benton. It's not very focused and doesn't say much. &quot;Jean Yves Escoffer Tribute&quot; is a short tribute to cinematographer Jean Yves Escoffer to whom &quot;The Human Stain&quot; has been dedicated. It's a compilation of clips from films which he photographed and clips of Escoffer working behind the scenes. Escoffer died in 2003, after a 30-year career as a cinematographer. Subtitles are available in French and Spanish, captioning in English. Dubbing is available in French.
During WWII, millions of Jews whose only crime in the eyes of some where their being<br />Jewish.  Thousands to over millions were sent into concentration camps where few<br />survived and many were murdered, even the innocent of innocent, the children.  Those<br />Jews who managed to escape did so by fleeing to hopeful safe harbors in other countries,<br />or, they passed.  Far from passing to gain material wealth, power, and a share in the<br />decadence of the predominant group, these Jews  simply sought to survive and see<br />another day.  One cannot help but admire those who spent the rest of their lives,<br />whenever possible, challenging racism and bigotry and injustice.<p>The titled character in the HUMAN STAIN is far from being admirable and sympathetic.<br />Coleman Silk is a black man who chooses to pass as white to enjoy the privileges of<br />being white.  He doesn't care to fight the injustices that deny his people their humanity,<br />but instead chooses to cater and bow down in honor and the keeping of such injustice<br />against his own people.  Ironically, at the time he passes, those Jews who where unable to<br />pass were being killed, entire families.  Even more ironical, Silk chooses to pass as<br />Jewish.  He turns his back on his family, even after his mother in the movie pleads with<br />him in what has to be the best emotionally intense moment in the movie.  Seemingly<br />without much conscious to morals, Silk starts his life new as a white man without anyone<br />ever suspecting him as being anything other than this.  He marries a white woman, begins<br />a career as a college professor, lives the American dream of freedom without roadblocks.<br />Life is pretty good until his wife dies and  two black students accuse him of using a racial<br />slur against them which is accidental and unintentional, but Silk so long denying his<br />heritage does not realize the power and mistake of the word he has used.  At this point,<br />his mask begins to fall off and his past comes back to haunt him and it is not forgiving.<p>The main problem with this film is the way the story is told.  The makers would have<br />done better to tell the story from the perspective of the young Silk instead of the old Silk<br />who is played by Anthony Hopkins.  Moreover, the character played by Nicole Kidman,<br />who Silk begins a May/December relationship with in the midst of the Clinton sex<br />scandel with a young intern, seems to pollute the storyline and burden it down.  Kidman<br />plays her part well, as the entire cast is excellent, but her character should have been<br />exercised from the story on the big screen all together.  It is the young Coleman Silk and<br />his family who are the really interesting characters deserved more time on screen instead<br />of only being seen in flashback scenes.  <p>The press for this movie was a lesson in the racial divide that is growing in the U.S.  The<br />press took more of an interest in seeing how quick the guy who played young Silk,<br />Wentworth Miller,  would distance himself from being black than they did in the moral<br />questions raised in the movie or book of the same name by a white man.  Sadly, they may<br />have gotten what they wanted.  I hope that I am wrong.  I would take great pride in being<br />wrong!!!!!  and offer an apology for the misunderstanding of Miller.  Rather than<br />understanding the diversity of the black American community, that is, that black<br />Americans are a multi-cultural people whose blood roots extend not just in Africa but<br />also Europe and even Asia and all those places in between, regardless of the complexion<br />of skin or of the skin or race of one or both parents--the cause of the huge color spectra<br />among black Americans and blacks from North America to South America--, and, that<br />black Americans are a people proud of their ancestry in all its diversity regardless of what<br />only a handful of extremely bigoted afro-centralist don't want admitted and many white<br />Americans refuse to take time to learn and  understand, the press has  played to its own<br />blind and ignorant liberal bias that divides blacks Americans into dangerous social stratas<br />of ethnicities.  For his part, Miller, who doesn't deny his heritage like he has done in<br />playing  earlier roles in his career until the HUMAN STAIN,  has shown a proclivity not<br />to correct his interviewers and has legitimized their prejudices that the one drop rule of<br />blood applies  to all but a few of black Americans who have one non black American<br />parent, political correctness at its most perverse and dangerous.  Miller doesn't<br />understand or doesn't want to understand that he is legitimizing racist fallacies.<p>To those who choose to watch the movie, or even, read the book, keep in mind that the<br />story is written from the view point of those or one person  not in the know to all the<br />nuances, diversity, complexity, pride, heartache and tragedy, joy, sometimes<br />embarrassment, anger, struggle, bloodlines, and stories to the black American community<br />no matter how sympathetic and understanding they claim to be.
***SPOILER ALERT!***<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins, with his distinctive Welsh accent, plays a black man(!) posing as a Jew (huh?). I guess he developed that Welsh accent as he got older, because it was totally missing in his younger years. Then there's the exquisitely beautiful Nicole Kidman, who does her best to look plain and bedraggled. Both premises are essential to buying into the movie. Both premises are also utterly unbelieveable. Hopkins and Kidman are superb actors, but I could not suspend my disbelief. There is simply NO WAY to believe that Hopkins is even the lightest-skinned black person ever to walk the earth; nor can Kidman hide her radiant beauty behind a frumpy look. No, no, no!
This film and the performances are outstanding. The director really captures the "feel" of a Philip Roth novel. But, although Gary Sinise is excellent, Nathan Zuckerman is supposed to be around 70 years old. I wonder why the director chose a much younger actor?
This story explores two very different characters from opposite backgrounds, both of whom are estranged from their families and suffer terrible losses before finding a degree of contentment with each other.  The Anthony Hopkins character is very intriguing: a man who has reinvented his identity, only to endure the poetic irony of persecution for being who he is not.  The other characters are more one-dimensional and don't quite balance out the story; I wonder whether the book on which this is based is more nuanced.  Despite a good cast, good production values, and some strong scenes, the film feels like a jumble of unrelated episodes that never really meld.  Still, I found it fairly thought-provoking and reasonably engrossing.
I wonder about the book upon which the film is based. Somehow I imagine that all the characters and their stories unfold in a more graceful way than they do (or can) with the limitations of a film. Nevertheless, the film does manage to convey both the seeming injustice of what happens to Anthony Hopkins' character as he nears the end of his career and the irony of it happening. It reinforces, in much the same way as the more recent House of Sand and Fog adaptation does, how obsessed people are with preserving a front or facade behind which they have lived for so long that they no longer know how to live otherwise, nor how to acknowledge the truth of their circumstances, even if it would save them. <p>Hopkins is predictably good in the role; Gary Sinise is good but somehow superfluous in his role as the narrator of the story; Nicole Kidman is good but somehow still not believable here because she is just too beautiful, too demure. In some ways, she is excellent and fits well in this role as a woman who has left behind a privileged background and gone down a path riddled with so much loss and misfortune and grief that she has deteriorated into the standoffish and icy woman she seems to be. But does she fit the role of cleaning woman and woman who awakens early to milk cows? Almost, but not quite. She did not disappear into this role. As a completely unhinged, disturbed Vietnam veteran/Kidman's husband, Ed Harris is somehow... alarming. In a good way.<p>The back story about the history of Silk's (Hopkins's) character is a well-handled matter, which ultimately clues the viewer in to the irony and sheer ridiculousness of charges waged against Silk in the present day.
The character development in A Human Stain should be an educational tool for filmakers of the future. This is a masterpiece of a drama with acting beyond compare. Nicole Kidman transforms herself each time she is on screen and makes you forget any character she had inhabited before. Hopkins and Sinese are wonderful. A Human Stain should be seen by all to view what a cinematic drama is supposed to be and the acting is a treasure to watch. The story line is insightful, but I won;t spoil this review by revelaing too much, you must see it, it will stay with you for years to come.
4 stars if you've read the book, otherwise 2 stars.<p>Background for this review:  I am a big Philip Roth fan (I got hooked upon reading "The Counterlife", which is an absolute masterpiece), and believe him to be one of America's greatest living writers.  I'd rate every Roth book since "The Counterlife" as a 4 or 5 - "The Human Stain" would rate a 5, although it's not Roth's all-time best or his recent best (of the recent Zuckerman books, I thought "American Pastoral" was the best).  So, knowing the complexity of the Roth's books, I was amazed to hear that "The Human Stain" was being made into a movie, and naturally I rushed out to see the end product.<p>For someone who has read and enjoyed "The Human Stain", I think the movie is reasonably good, primarily because it brings back impressions from reading the book.  However, if you haven't read the book, I think that the movie is going to come across as overly complicated, jumbled mess, which obscures the many messages Roth is able to communicate in the book.<p>"The Human Stain" is a very complex story with many disparate elements: current political scandals, coming of age, World War II, boxing, familial relationships, academic politics, race relations, political correctness and modern-day witch hunts, life in the underclass, abusive relationships, homosexuality, and multiple deaths and love affairs.  Any two or three of these elements could easily fill up a two hour movie.  Surprisingly, the moviemakers chose to bring almost all of these elements into the movie, in an attempt to be faithful.  However, without hundreds of pages and hours of the reader's attention, and without Roth's genius to tie it all together and add meaning, I don't think it works as a stand-alone movie.<p>There is one excellent acting performance in the film:  Ed Harris is almost as riveting playing psychotic Vietnam vet Lester as Anthony Hopkins was playing Hannibal Lecter.  Casting this film is indeed a nearly impossible task.  I was able to suspend some disbelief to appreciate Anthony Hopkins as Coleman Silk, but it is true that the actor who plays the young Coleman Silk (who is actually closer to Silk's racial profile) doesn't look anything like Anthony Hopkins.  The worst casting was Gary Sinise as Roth's alter ego Nathan Zuckerman.  Sinise is way too young to play an impotent Jewish writer in his twilight years.<p>What recent Philip Roth book would make the best movie?  I think "Operation Shylock":  it has the most straightforward plot whose central element (Roth's double identity) could easily transfer to the screen, and there is even a decent amount of action and suspense.  I don't know why the producers chose to film "The Human Stain" - it presents a much greater challenge for them and audience members who haven't read the book.
This is a great movie with great actors. Fantastic plot.Nicole Kidman as always is fantastic and Antony Hopkins is ...well Antony Hopkins. I don't know of any movie that Antony Hopkins didn't perform well.<br />Puts political correctness in perspective. Never assume that you know everything about a person and always stand for what you believe. Our society always want to fix/rehabilitate stupid (the drunk husband) and ignores the real smart people who are there to advance our world. This is a movie with a strong message.
The Human Stain is a beautifully haunting film, well cast and directed. I'm not sure that the brief female nudity was necessary, but the pacing, the cinematography, and wonderful performances by the always amazing Hopkins, the increasingly deep Kidman, and the ever competent Sinise and Harris make for a film that is complex, suspenseful, and affecting.  The musical score captures the emotion of the film perfectly.
There are several reviews which sketch the story line of this film and there's no point in repeating it. This film has a great cast -- Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinise, Ed Harris -- all talented actors, and all give creditable performances.<br /><br />The story is told in such a way that there really are no secrets -- you learn the backgrounds of characters fairly soon after they are introduced, and their "big secrets" come out early. This isn't a film about "secrets"; it's a film about stains which people carry within. The characters are stained by events or other people, but the story exposes the importance of how we react to adverse situations. All of the characters battle demons, and all fight differently. Most overcome their stain, and they do it through loving and being loved. This film isn't really about racism, nor is it about a long kept secret. It's about battling events which we perceive as being unjust, and eventually about healing. This is true of all the major characters, and if you don't see this point then I suggest you watch the film again.<br /><br />This isn't the best film ever made but it is an excellent one. I've watched it several times and I still enjoy it. This movie isn't a puzzle to be solved but a set of stories to be heard and understood.
I bought this movie on a whim because of the reviews I had read, I figured the price wasn't bad and I could always sell it if I didn't like. Just so happens; it's a great movie! Very interesting plot and suspenseful with a twist! I recommend for movie lovers and I still have it in my movie library.
So often actors' roles become predictable when their names are known.  The performances and the characters were excellent by the lead experienced actors.  While such is always expected from Hopkins, Kidman, Harris and Sinise, the nature of these roles were challenging.  A must see for fans of any or all of these performers.
A 50 year old secret kept hidden from everyone is about to ruin Coleman Silk's life. Slow to get going, it does finally show a couple brief skin scenes near the end, notably one of Nicole Kidman. It was a worth a rental.
I haven't read the Phillip Roth novel upon which this is based, but I imagine a tremendous amount of nuance has necessarily been deleted. Still, the cast can't be faulted, even if the chemistry between 70-something Anthony Hopkins and 40ish Nicole Kidman seems a bit forced at times. The title reminds me of some '50s sci-fi flick, not a literary spellbinder. Ed Harris as the psycho ex-Nam nutcase is fully grizzled and effective, but I don't understand why he is allowed to be free when he is seen repeatedly confessing his crazedness to some VA counselor. One could do much worse than this for an hour and 45 minutes of entertainment.
The Human Stain is the story of Coleman Silk, a classics professor with a terrible secret that is about to shatter his life in a small New England town. When his affair with a young troubled janitor is uncovered, the secret Silk had harbored for over fifty years from his wife, his children and colleague, writer Nathan Zuckerman, fast explodes in a conflagration of devastating consequences. It is Zuckerman who stumbles upon Silk's secret and sets out to reconstruct the unknown biography of this eminent, upright man, esteemed as an educator for nearly all his life, and to understand how this ingeniously contrived life came unraveled. If you are into light-hearted escapist movie, this isn't for you. The plot is intriguing, deep and difficult. I like these kinds of movies and this one is one of the best in class.
A man has achieved great success academically, and then, while enjoying the fruits of such as a dean in a prestigious college, he makes a casual remark - something seemingly innocent - which is then perceived by two students as a racial slur.<br /><br />Thus begins the unraveling of the man's career.  In the stress of the aftermath, Professor Coleman Silk's wife Iris is felled by a heart attack and dies.  And then, Silk (portrayed brilliantly by Anthony Hopkins) begins an unusual friendship with a reclusive writer, Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise), who lives in a cabin by a lake on the outskirts of town.  As Silk reminisces - the goal is that Zuckerman will write a book about Silk's life - many secrets, held inside for more than fifty years, are revealed to the viewer.  But not to Zuckerman, apparently, because he is startled by the secrets at the very end of the film.<br /><br />Some of what Silk confesses is portrayed for us through flashbacks; the secrets are portrayed via flashbacks as "memories".  Then, almost as an aside, Silk describes an "affair" with a younger woman (Nicole Kidman): she is someone down-and-out, a former rich girl who ran away when she was being molested by a stepfather; and then, she becomes the abused wife of a Vietnam vet (Ed Harris), who stalks her and threatens her repeatedly.  In the midst of this, Silk is the perceived redemptive hero (to himself, at least), but when townspeople learn of the affair, he is scorned again.<br /><br />In the end, a surprising dramatic turn reveals, finally, to the characters in the story, the "secret" Silk kept close to him for all those years.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001XAPX8">The Human Stain</a> is a compelling movie that is based on the Philip Roth novel of the same name.<br /><br />Laurel-Rain Snow<br />Author of:<br />Web of Tyranny, etc.
Instead of having premeditated impressions, the movie's casting coaxes me into seeing it. The story itself is meaningful and its overall arrangement is captivating, but more running time could have been employed to deepen the plot's moving power.<br /><br />Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) was accused of racial discrimination because he referred to his two African American students as "spooks" since they were absent from the class. After experiencing disastrous losses at this late stage of his life, he befriended the writer, Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise) and was involved with a working-class woman Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman) who was much younger than he was. Dark, tragic pasts, including the intrusions of her ex-husband (Ed Harris), kept plaguing Faunia. Thus, people around Coleman Silk had been persuading him out of romanizing with Faunia. However, their suggestions went on deaf years, for Faunia reminded Silk of his youthful love and was almost a salvation for him to purity his deep-rooted anguish.<br /><br />The performances from the actors and actresses are all extraordinary. Hopkins, although too "white" to play Silk, was convincingly the man with simmering pain, presented by his subdued expressions. Kidman did an equally good job despite her extreme motions now and then. Moreover, the unknown young performers who play young Silk and his lover are remarkable, too, whose vividly delivery of two people confined by their ethnic biases really shine.<br /><br />"The Human Stain" serves as a stark irony of a person not identifying with his own pedigree. The movie touches the controversial issue of racism in an innovative approach, and it is worth seeing if you are looking for a film that will arouse some afterthoughts.
I wasn't sure what to expect with The Human Stain when it arrived. On the one hand, it had probably one of the worst movie titles I've ever heard. On the other hand, it featured some of my favorite actors - Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinese, and Ed Harris. But on the down side the trailers ruined most of the movie. Throw on top of that the fact that it's a dark, depressing character drama and not even the stellar cast could make this movie enjoyable for me.<br /><br />The Human Stain is a really depressing movie. Every character in the film is depressed, tortured, or otherwise put through emotional hell at one point or another. It's a bit intense and not for you if you're looking for some light entertainment.<br /><br />The script is pretty good. The story jumps back and forth in time and features Silk as both a young man and an older man. (I personally found the less star powered tales from his youth to be more interesting.) There is also some pretty good dialogue offered. However, it has some problems. It asks the audience to take some pretty big leaps in believability. First of all, we're asked to believe that Anthony Hopkins is a light skinned black person. (And that secret was ruined in the trailers early on, another bad mark against The Human Stain.) Believing Hopkins is black makes about as much sense as believing he's Hispanic. (Zorro, anyone?) As much as I like Hopkins, someone else should have been cast as Silk. The second big leap in logic is the fact that Silk, a highly educated older professor, would fall for an uneducated, psychologically tortured character like Faunia. I can't see the two falling for each other under many real world circumstances. And any time a character in the film suggests that it has something to do with sex, Silk flies into a rage. Well, seeing as how most of the time they are only shown in bed together, that seems like the only explanation. They certainly don't seem to have any other believable connection. My final gripe on the script is that it repeatedly mentions the Bill Clinton / Monica Lewenski scandal. It seemed to be trying to offer some sort of commentary on the subject, but I never quite figured out what it was. It seemed to be saying that the whole incident was trivial, but I wasn't sure.<br /><br />Despite not being black, Anthony Hopkins does a pretty good job as Coleman Silk. He has no problem portraying the intellectual side of the character. He also doesn't seem to have any problem playing the horny old man side, either. Nicole Kidman goes through an impressive trailer trash transformation as Faunia Farley. Kidman is good at playing the tortured soul and that's what she does here (along with having a surprising number of nude scenes). Ed Harris is also good at playing the psychotic Lester Farley while Gary Sinise plays the straight man and narrator as Nathan Zuckerman. However, I was very much impressed with Wentworth Miller as Young Coleman Silk. He imitated Hopkins fairly well and he's a handsome young actor who I could see taking on larger roles. I found the scenes where he turns his back on his family and race to be the best of the movie.<br /><br />The Human Stain is also a good looking film. The backgrounds and sets are beautiful and the camera flatters all of the actors. A good film score also helps to elevate the film. It's fortunate that The Human Stain had these things going for it along with the excellent cast, because otherwise it would even worse. In the end the excellent cast helps raise the quality up a bit, but not enough to sell me on it.
I knew nothing about the movie before I saw it. I Thought it'd be some thriller, and I was wrong. Even though it's no thrill, it's still good.  Good acting and an interesting plot. A little long, but it moves along smoothly.
THE HUMAN STAIN met a mixed reaction when released in the theatres, possibly because the issues, which imbue this film with particular significance, got lost on the large screen that by nature concentrates on the BIG effect.  But on the DVD, viewed in the privacy of the home, the degrees of subtleties are more pronounced.  The indelible stain that birthright makes on our lives is examined in many facets in this adaptation of Philip Roth's rather sensational novel by the same name.  What effect does ethnicity have on molding our lives, what effect does the potential that inherited wealth will play on our view of the world, what effect can public prejudice as well as self-induced prejudice have on the way we process our adulthood roles?  This film addresses all of these issues: a Caucasian-appearing African American young man opts for costuming his life as a white Jewish scholar only to be dismissed from his professor's position because of a perceived 'racial slur' against absent black students; a young girl from a broken wealthy family sees through the vacuous existence when molested by a stepfather and runs into a life of poverty and personal tragedy desperately needing affection; a young writer becomes a recluse after the success of a first novel out of fear of flying; a visceral man enters madness induced by self-imposed exile.  Characters such as these put great demands on actors and it is very much to the credit of the screenwriter Nicholas Meyer and  director Robert Benton that the services of Sir Anthony Hopkins, Nicole Kidman, Gary Sinise, Ed Harris, and Wentworth Miller, Anna Deavere Smith along with a fine supporting cast were captured to bring pulsating life to this difficult intermixing of stories.  Watch this one several times for the varying aspects of success in acting, in dialogue, and in the beautiful cinematic effects achieved in this very worthwhile film.
Although I enjoyed this film and rate it  high, I have to admit this was more than a bit of a stretch for most people, and for at least four good reasons: 1 - Anthony Hopkins being a light-skinned black man; 2 - Nicole Kidman being a white trailer trash person (no person that poor looks that good!); 3 - A beautiful woman like Kidman falling for a much-older man like Hopkins unless it was for money, which he does not have in here, and 4 - Ed Harris' character would have been locked up and unable to affect things in the end, as shown here.<br /><br />If you can go along  with all of those credibility issues, you have a very interesting film on your hands to watch. It also look super on widescreen DVD and has a terrifice soundtrack.  Don't miss the beautiful piano piece during the ending credits, either.<br /><br />Once again, I enjoyed the acting of Hopkins, one of the best of his generation. Just the looks on his face alone are fascinating in this film. Kidman is interesting, too, with my only complaint being her overuse of the f-word. Ninety percent of them in this movie come from her. Gary Sinise is the nice-guy friend who narrates the film.<br /><br />This is a deep human-interest story of a black man who winds up - in an earlier era - posing as a white man so he can have a better chance at a successful career. In the process, he sacrifices his roots, his family and siblings, which comes back to haunt him. He's also a victim, ironically, of political correctness on the subject of race. Wow, it's unusual - and refreshing - to see how PC can run amok and hurt well-meaning people, as demonstrated in this story.<br /><br />Going into further details might spoil the rest of it, so I'll end here. This is a film I found surprisingly engrossing and if you can withstand the f-word, one I recommend.
The part of the film dealing with the professor's mixed race background, which he hid from everyone, including his own wife, is riveting and educational.  It's hard to believe that some Americans felt so ashamed of their backgrounds that they allowed racism to lead them down the path of rejecting their own flesh and blood to give the illusion that they were "White".  Especially moving was the portrayal of the professor's Black mother, when he makes it clear that she is to have no part in his future.<br /><br />The part of the film dealing with Nicole Kidman's character and the grown up professor was less satisfying as it included scenes of gratuous nudity.  We could have done without seeing Ms. Kidman's body once again.<br /><br />Also, the ending was not all that great.  But I'll still give it a "four" for a good effort.
I was finally able to view this movie on DVD. It only had a limited theatre release.Although it was based on a novel; It is based on real situations.I personally knew a college Instructor who was let go for failing an afro-american who did not come to classes.Being involved in relationships with the baggage of violence by exspouses are practicly a daily occurance anymore.I would hoghly reccomend this for a must rent or buy. Anthony Hopkins is a great Actor and Nicole Kidman is a good actress.This movie could have as a subtitle "a history of 20th/21st century america.
The Human Stain (Robert Benton, 2003)<br /><br />Robert Benton does not often direct movies, but when he does, you can be pretty much guaranteed a knockout: Kramer vs. Kramer, Places in the Heart, Nobody's Fool. After five years of silence (the longest in his career since the gap between his first and second films), Benton emerged in 2003 with The Human Stain, based on Philip Roth's rather obscure (for Roth, anyway) novel, and comes up with an interesting, complex, well-acted little film that far too few people saw.<br /><br />Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins) is a professor at a small New England university. As the movie opens, he is accused of racism and his tenure is revoked, leading to the death of his wife, Iris (Phyllis Newman, of the fine, cancelled-far-too-early show 100 Centre St.), from a heart attack. His resulting rage at this pair of injustices leads him to the friendship of a local writer, Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise), and romance with a young woman who works as a janitor at the school, Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman). Faunia's ex-husband Lester (Ed Harris) is not too thrilled about the latter. Underlying it all is a secret Silk has been keeping for half a century that might destroy him... or save him.<br /><br />Screenplay writer Nicholas Meyer sure has come a long way since Invasion of the Bee Girls. Here he takes a Philip Roth novel and does it justice, though to be fair it's kind of hard to buy Anthony Hopkins, of all people, in this role. If you can swallow your disbelief once the secret is revealed (and while that does happen relatively early on, it's still a spoiler), you're golden. Kidman plays her role to the hilt, taking on, in essence, the role Susan Sarandon popularized in the similarly-neglected 1990 film White Palace. Roth swung the age difference, but the rest of the trappings of the romantic tale are in place, and work just as well here as they did there. Zuckerman, Roth's detached and somewhat bemused Everyman character, sits on the sidelines and observes everything. I can't imagine what temptation there must be for anyone adapting a Zuckerman novel to bring Nathan himself to the forefront, but it's got to be monstrous (Nathan Zuckerman, after all, is the enduring character of Roth's novels, while everyone around him just passes through). Meyer resists, though, and Gary Sinise acts the part wonderfully. In the one scene where Zuckerman's presence indirectly affects the plot, Sinise just sits there looking half-embarrassed to be an agent of change. It's great stuff. Hopkins, on the other hand, is huge and bombastic and chews as much scenery as did Edward G. Robinson in his prime, and it fits. A fine film. If you missed it in its theatrical release, and you probably did, check it out on DVD. *** 
Enough ideas for a dozen ordinary films, with some great sequences, and terrific acting from all concerned, I was engrossed from the beginning. No satisfactory artistic resolution as in a three act drama, but stimulating nonetheless.
... strange and haunting picture .... actually I would kind of consider it three seperate little movies ... The first part Anthony H as the big town college professor moved into a small town ... the second part Anthony H meets trailer trashy Nicole Kidman and falls in love agian ... and finally the third adventure part is the introduction of Ed Harris as Nicole's love crazed violent husband ....<br /><br />The movie kind of clunks along as the viewer watches the characters develop and the writer slaps us in the face with the big 'surprise' that Anthony Hopkins is actually born a Southern black ... HMMMM .. that was a stretch .... but then again the acting of this movie is so great I can overlook all the politically correct warts .....<br /><br />So like celery ... if you enjoy charater studies then this is the movie for you .... so much so that friends who were watching the movie with me didn't even believe it was Nicole Kidman on the screen .... Fabulous or what
Apparently there is less shame in being Jewish than in being Black for the protagonist.  Can any sympathy go to him, when he has purposefully and arbitrarily removed himself from his family?  They didn't deserve that treatment, that loss.  Or is this just an extension of the racial tensions in the country at the end of the War . . and sacrifice was necessary for any black to achieve success?  The casting was not credible.  Why couldn't they have used make-up to age the young Silk, rather than use two actors, one of which could never be taken for anything but white.  And the relationship between a 70 year old and a 34 year old was not credible either.
The Human Stain is one of those movies that seems to be self consciously striving for Oscar nominations. It features an all star cast, lots of tragedy and melodrama and weighty social issues involving race. Furthermore, it utilizes the overused technique of jumping back and forth in time, which in the case of the aging protagonist (played by Anthony Hopkins), means quite a few decades and allows for a large dose of nostalgia (accompanied by old songs of course) to be thrown into the mix. If this sounds like a cynical view of the movie, it's because the elements never really cohere. Hopkins, as always, gives a good performance, and Nicole Kidman and Gary Sinese are fine in supporting roles, but the plot, taken from a novel by Philip Roth, is meandering and top-heavy and it's hard to find a focal point.<br /><br /> Hopkins plays Coleman Silk, a Classics professor who resigns his position over a controversy involving race. Soon after, his wife dies, from causes apparently related to the stress of the situation. Coleman then meets the narrator of the tale, a writer played by Sinese, whose role is mainly to observe. Coleman begins an affair with a troubled younger woman (Kidman), whose life contains a laundry list of tragic elements, including a psychotic ex-husband who is stalking her.<br /><br /> There's one primary &quot;secret&quot; that is central to the film; although it's been fairly well publicized, I prefer not to divulge it here. I will say, however, that it does not go well with the casting and further strains the viewer's credulity. The Human Stain is a film with several interesting characters, some good scenes but an excess of melodrama and plot points.
British actor Anthony Hopkins was playing a African-American man who pretends he's Jewish. Hopkins did the role well and he managed to make me forget that he's playing a Black man from New Jersey. I can understand learning to speak properly but you don't pick up a slightly British accent. That would be pretentious. I just think there are actors that could have been more believable as Coleman Silk. Coleman is accused of racism after using the word "spook" when he mean "specter" or "ghost" because two students never appeared in his class. He never met them so he didn't know they were Black.<br /><br />Nicole Kidman was playing a woman who came from a rich family who ran away from home at 14 after being sexually molested by her stepfather. She got on my nerves because she came across as she was on smack in every single scene. Coleman Silk falls in love with her despite the fact she seems psycho. I found it impossible to feel sorry Nicole's character. I thought she was capable of doing what her Vietnam Vet husband accused her of.<br /><br />The best part of the movie were the flashbacks that Coleman (Anthony Hopkins) had of his youth. A younger Coleman was played by Wentworth Miller who was much more believable.<br /><br />I don't want to say too much about the movie. I bet the book by Philip Roth is better and if anyone is interested maybe should read that instead.
At first I wondered why all the negative reviews.  But, then, this is a movie about regrets-- after all, that's what "stains" are, isn't it, things we regret . . . AND THEIR BEING "HUMAN" ONLY MAKES THEM OURS AND HENCE EVEN MORE SO . . . REGRETTABLE, THAT IS.<br /><br />  I guess it comes down to where one is in his/her life, as well as where one's life is in the range of human existence, to determine what type and amount of tragedy one's narrative sense can tolerate.  Hence, for some people, I'm sure, "The Human Stain" just has too much, and too many kinds, of drama packed in to bear.  We have an advanced classics professorial career brought down by a casual remark taken for racism . . . irony of ironies, he's Black passing for white Jewish, but he won't give up his masquerade (and his rage at what he seeks to escape through passing is articulated through his early years as a winning boxer).  He seeks comfort in the embrace of a half-his-age woman who seeks herself escape from an abusive marriage and feel responsible for the death of her children . . . as well as being pursued by her ex-- in fact, it all starts with the professor and his mate dying in an accident intended to avoid an oncoming truck (which, it turns out, was driven by the ex).  And the story is told by an Viet-vet writer who has grown too callused from all the killing to feel any more.  People today are quick to use the phrase, "That's more information than I wanted," so I can understand some viewers declaring: "That too much drama for one lifetime, much less one movie!"<br /><br />  So here you are. How old are you? How much life have you been through? How much and how often have you seen tragedy happen ALL AT ONCE . . . or interconnected? Etc, etc, etc.  Most people lose it if a narrative has more than one story line.  They can't keep track of the events-- NOT "cognitive" track, but "emotional" track.  That is to say, they can't bring themselves to care about so many evolving lives spinning out of control in one film.  One is reminded here of the movie "Traffic," which brings you several story lines, but unravels them only one at a time before bringing them all together at the end.  Not here; so your heart strings are kept in a constant state of pulled, first to the right, then to the left, and simultaneously all around as well.  Outstanding war movies do that as battlefield events spare no one with the randomness of anonymously flying bullets.  Well, things sort of evolve that way here, with no end in sight in how many victims are rolled up along the way.<br /><br />  To me, I've been through such a wide range of experience, and I'm of an age where I have had an awful lot of it-- and, to top it off, I'm a psychotherapist, so I've had to take in and process a heck of a lot of other people's tragedy-- that I felt some relief seeing things portrayed on the screen a bit like they are etched on my soul.  You don't have to be depressed to connect with the tragic, BUT YOU MUST HAVE BEEN WELL TRAVELED!!!<br /><br />  This movie will certainly test and separate boys and girls from men and women in the amount and extent of gravity it has managed to pack in one continuous narrative-- sort of like sitting on Jupiter as opposed to Earth. For example, it calls upon one to have a multidimensional sense of the Black-American experience, as well as its not-always-mutually-satisfying intersections with that of American Jewry-- the author of the original book is Phillip Roth, and the film was made by Robert Benton (of "Kramer vs. Kramer" or "Places in the Heart" acclaim)-- so one is certain to have his/her unilinear/'good-guys-victims" vs. "bad-guys-perpetrators" conception of social issues and movements shot to Hell.  Then there's the matter of older guy with younger woman: that gets played to a high tension in this flick (with an relatively unspoken racial sexuality touch).  And we end with a killing that can't be pinned on the killer because "I didn't kill them . . . they killed themselves!" (and he ACTUALLY manages to make it stick, to the utter consternation of all movie goers used to The Code's expectation that Justice will always be portrayed to win out in the end).  Nobody wins here, and American movie goers so love to see a winner!!<br /><br />  I don't want to come off pompous, but this movie is definitely one for MATURE tastes.  You have to have been around the block a few times and find yourself with a lot less to show for it than you would have thought you would when you began your journey.  And then there's the matter of age . . . that is, reaching the stage of one's life where the horizon no longer keeps backing up and disappearing behind the vanishing point as you proceed forwards-- i.e., the end first starts becoming visible, and then starts to stay that way no matter what.  In youth it keeps retreating behind the a sense of future still to coe as we rebound and move on to "the next thing," but later on, as there seem to be less and less do-overs granted one, this sort of "running smack into a no longer retreating horizon" movie starts to make a lot of painful sense (some movie-goers, of course, never allow themselves that realization, for they often go to the movies precisely to avoid it).  In interviews where actors and directors come to hawk their latest releases, I've often heard the person being interviewed suddenly do a back-up and declare, "I don't wanna give you the impression that this movie is a downer . . . ."  Well, this movie definitely is . . . a downer!  But in being so, it touches the heart with a reminder that we all come and go, and in passing we leave a "human stain" reflective of the sweep of human history-- and the writing hand moves forward, and having moved forth, it never comes back to rewrite anything again.<br /><br />BE BRAVE.  LET THE STORY TOUCH YOU, IN ALL ITS MULTIPLICITY AND TIME-GONE-BY-NESS!!!
This movie is an excellent example of how racism in America forced a black man to foresake his heritage.<br /><br />It is such a shame that this country still focuses on race and color rather than the individual.<br /><br />It also shows no matter how miserable you are there is always someone just as miserable if not more so.<br /><br />All of those narrow or short minded people who criticize this movie need to check themselves.<br /><br />There are hundreds of thousands of African Americans here in the U.S. who are passing for white.<br /><br />There is an autobiography "Life on the Color Line" by Gregory Howard Williams.  The author did not find out that he was black until he was almost in middle school.<br /><br />So I wouldn't be so cocksure about yourself until you check your DNA.
This movie was a great view, I enjoyed it's different story line and the fact that what we see on the exterior is not always what it represents. It was entertaining and fresh.  This is worth the time to sit down and watch The Human Stain, this is one of a kind movie.
"The Human Stain" is very watchable. It does have flaws however.<br /><br />Not the least of which is the miscasting of Anthony Hopkins.  The story is interesting, and holds one's interest for the most part.  The acting however is extraordinary.  You must see this film for the outstanding, right on the mark performance of Ed Harris. His intensity as an actor never fails to amaze me. Equally brilliant is Anna Devere Smith as the mother. Her subtle and underplayed role is nothing short of heartbreaking.  Rent or buy this film if you're interested in seeing great actors at the top of their game.  I haven't mentioned Nicole Kidman because I am still not sure she was right for her role.  Nevertheless she does a commendable job with a difficult part.  It was obvious that turning the book into a film was a challenge.  It almost makes it.  If only they had found someone other than Hopkins for the lead.  He's a fantastic actor, but is never believable for a moment in this role.
"The Human Stain" is an intense drama directed by Robert Benton who won both the Best Director and the Best Adapted Screenplay Oscars for "Kramer vs. Kramer" in 1979.  He's also has 2 nominations for Best Original Screenplay Oscars for "Bonnie & Clyde" (1967) & "The Late Show" (1977) and a Best Director nomination for "Places in the Heart" (1984).  His direction here might have gained more attention if the film had worked a bit better.  Nicholas Meyer wrote the screenplay as he did for 1987's "Fatal Attraction" and his Oscar nominated Best Adapted Screenplay for "The Seven Percent Solution" (1976).  This is the third Philip Roth novel I'm aware of to be adapted to film following "Goodbye Columbus" (1969) & "Portnoy's Complaint" (1972).<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins who has an Oscar for "The Silence of the Lambs" (1991) + 3 other nominations for "The Remains of the Day," "Nixon" and "Amistad" plays the aging professor Coleman Silk with a bravado and intensity.  Phyillis Newman has a rare film cameo as his wife Iris Silk and has a wonderful heart attack scene where her arm flops uselessly.  I kept wondering why Hopkins wasn't calling 911, but that might have cut the drama.  Hopkins dances marvelously with Gary Sinise on the porch.  Sinise who has a Best Supporting Oscar nomination for "Forest Gump" and is currently riding high on TV in "CSI New York" plays Ginger Rogers to Hopkins' Fred Astaire and does some lovely pirouettes on the porch.  It's an odd scene, but it's interesting.<br /><br />Nicole Kidman who won the Oscar in "The Hours" and played in that film with Ed Harris who was also nominated for an Oscar plays Faunia Farley.  She does a great character performance of a sleazy trailer park trash janitor whose hard luck story of dead children broke her heart and her spirit.  Now she is pursued by crazy ex-con Lester Foley who ultimately drives her to the drink.  (Pun intended.)  Harris is explosive and displays more spirit in his brief role here than in most of the "Empire Falls" mini-series.<br /><br />The interesting part of the story has to do with the young Coleman Silk played by Wentworth Miller who is currently in the TV series "Prison Break" and also played in "Underworld."  Miller has a brooding self-centered intensity that serves the film well.  However, neither he nor Hopkins looks particularly black; so it becomes rather hard to believe.  Anna Deavere Smith from "Philadelphia" (1993) and a horror flick with Jon Bon Jovi this year called "Cry Wolf" has several excellent scenes as his mother who realizes that her race makes her not good enough for her ambitious son.  Jeff Perry from TV's "Nash Bridges" (who I knew long ago from Illinois State) does a nice cameo as a tennis player.<br /><br />The cinematography and the performances glue us to the screen.  But in the end, the film doesn't quite hang together.  It's a good try.  It offers a good evening's entertainment, given somewhat lower than Oscar expectations.  Enjoy!
Since this film has so many problems... lets have some fun with it, shall we? I look at this list and I wish I were actually 'kidding'.<br /><br />1. Anthony Hopkins... is black?<br /><br />2. Anthony Hopkins looks like a totally different person when he was 'young'?<br /><br />3. Anthony Hopkins cares about getting notes denouncing his activities with a younger woman... from a college he no longer works for?<br /><br />4. Anthony Hopkins is having an 'affair' with the Nicole Kidman character? Really? His wife is dead, she's divorced... where's the affair?<br /><br />5. Anthony Hopkins only friend in the world is some writer he burst in on in his cabin to write a book called 'Spooks'?<br /><br />All of these questions are actually descriptive of what you'll find in The Human Stain. The saddest part of this list is, I only watched about 61 mintues of this movie, which was all I could stand. I think I stopped watching when I discovered Hopkins was black, or was it during the arguement over his 'affair'? I kept wondering what could come next? We discover Nicole Kidman isn't really a woman? Honestly, everything about it is grating and very little works. Kidman is fine, but that's almost too bad cause it's a wasted performance. My fave actor in the world is Anthony Hopkins and while he does have a poor movie once in awhile (SEE: INSTINCT) this one is beyond bad, IMO. Thank goodness it was a gift and I didn't waste my money on it... which I came so close to doing. And why is this film generally ten bucks more than any others? If anything it should ten dollars LESS.
I have never watched a movie with such amazing performances on all levels.The story,acting and pathos are unrelenting.I am generally a fan of lighter fare,but a big fan of the brilliant Nicole Kidman.If you want a complete theatrical presentation,this movie is for you.
a film that needed to be made and a story that needed to be told, amazing performance from both Anthony and Nicole, just an amazing film, a must own movie!!
not only too much material  trying to cover but wrong casting.<br /><br />Love mr. Hopkins but get real.the back and forth,flash backs  made it seem that the film was more like patchwork.<br /><br />Sort of left unfinished  just seemed not quite able to pull it together.
This film is more than disquieting; It is disturbing. An older senior professor is fired (he resigns but that is the same) when confronted to some accusation of misconduct because he asked one day if two students he was trying to question and who had never come to his class were spooks. The two students were black, which he could not know. At the beginning we see a car accident and we will see the same scene at the end and we will know who were in the car and we will have to guess what happened. In the meantime we find out that this older man falls in love with a younger woman, twice younger than he is, in her early thirties. That love affair does not work properly and yet it is an unbreakable love affair. But the woman is divorced, slightly unstable and her ex-husband is completely berserk and he is suffering of the trauma of Vietnam veterans who cannot get over the obsessive compulsive disorder of theirs that make them do strange things without any reason or conscience. Those are for sure spooks and they may spook the hell out of you. Since he was present on the final death scene, we can imagine the reaction of the ex-professor when he saw the red truck on the deep snow on the road in the mountains. But that's the easy way. Shortly after his being fired and his wife dying of a heart attack in his arms because of it he goes and meets an author who has completely retired in the mountain and they both fall not in love but in complete friendship. We have then two cases of an old man in love with a younger woman and in friendship with a younger man. I think the second case is dealt with more realism. Such a friendship is direct, often brutal in tone and content but absolute in trust and unbreakable. Such a friendship is like a buoy for a drowning old man and a tremendous discovery for the younger man if he is curious and accepts the bond, because it is a bond. Of course there is no erotic dimension to that. The two become soul brothers and enjoy every moment and every hard word of this experience because it is their deepest soul and mind that are in love and this love or friendship becomes for both a kind of life line with the infinite. It is different with the woman because it is sexual and you do not need to be a great lawyer to fear some pregnancy problem or some fatherhood questioning eventually. The love between the two is not depicted with any tenderness. It is rather violent and rather uniquely centered on love thanks to Viagra. All that is the surface of the problem depicted on, the film. Some flashbacks reveal little by little that this professor who is known as white and Jewish is of a quite different origin and that is the very and deepest meaning of the "spook" remark. It is deeply racist but racist against himself and his choice to become a Jew is another sign of his racism by affiliating himself to a minority group that is hated by so many people in the world so that he will be hated by many. And then we can see the final death scene again and we can wonder if it is not a suicide. We can wonder or be sure, depending on the level of consciousness we have that racism is a stain deep in the mind, the soul and the spirit of a man, a stain he can only get rid of by killing himself, and in that case along with the younger woman he is supposed to love and is asleep next to him, as if he were afraid to go away alone. It is true when you lose the first girl you love because you take her to your family and she discovers they are not as white as she is and as her boyfriend, their son, is, there is like a long simmering desire to kill, at least to kill oneself because of this injustice, unfairness.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGID
Ed Harris does his best performance here.  Anthony Hopkins hasn't branched out much from his past roles, so his performance to me seems typical of what you'd expect.  There are parts of this story that I simply cannot believe.  I know this movie was based on a book, but in today's society where political correctness and diversity are shoved down our throats, I find it equally hard to believe that Coleman grew up with a prim and proper black family that had zero ebonics in their speech, zero animosity toward whites and were jewish to boot.  It's just too much of a stretch for me.  It seems to me all of this was thrown together to further the believability of the story, which otherwise would not be believable.  If it weren't for me being so tired of the whole spin on race nowadays I might've enjoyed this film more.  As it is all I see is a farce that begs to be believed.
What in god's name was Robert Benton thinking? Or Sir Anthony? Or Gary Sinise? Was Ed Harris after the Oscar he was denied last year? This film is a perfect example of a wonderful combination of artists put together & creating a monumental cinematic disaster.. Gary Sinise(narrating here)sounds like he was awakened from a deep sleep, had a microphone shoved in front of him & handed the script to read from. Anthony Hopkins looks like he can't wait for it to be over. I wonder if when he studied acting, he ever thought he'd have to do a scene where he half-heartedly discusses the joys of Viagra. I'm not sure what Nicole Kidman's character was supposed to be...watch her closely..sultry? sexy? femme fatale? I don't think she did either.. This DVD should be free with ANY purchase...Disastrous.....
