I think the movie takes place in New York.  Robert Duvell does NOT star in the movie - he is either the director or producer or both.  He found real Gypsies to play most of the parts and they helped him with the story line.  The story has a plot that lets you in on different facets of Gypsy life - some are accurate - some exaggerated to make an entertaining movie. When I saw it in Chicago it was obvious that there were many, many Gypsies in the audience.  How Duvell got the Gypsies to act in the movie and tell him about some of their cultural customs is amazing.  Peter Maas wrote about Gypsies in his book King of the Gypsies and found out later that the information he researched was mostly wrong. The Gypsies do not like to reveal much about their culture to non-gypsies and keep a low profile.  I feel this movie should be put on DVD because there is a good chance that the Roma (gypsies) will never act in a movie again as themselves.  The movie moves along nicely, never drags things out, and really is a lot of fun, but some of the customs might be &quot;outdated&quot; by this time.
It is inconceivable to me that this film has been so forgotten as it has - plus, IT IS NOT EVEN ON WIDESCREEN DVD. Come on Mr. DuVall (or whoever is responsible for this). Let's get this great film on DVD and get it the public reminded of it again. I won't rehash what it is about: the reviews above have already done that. I will say that I first saw this film when it first came out and I was stunned with how fresh and entertaining and revealing it was regarding Gypsy Life. Plus, everytime I see it again, it continues to entertain and amuse and delight. Am I Rom? Nope. But I don't know of any other film that is so revealing of the New York City Rom as well as this one has, do you? Another thing: the fact that this film has been so forgotten seems to go with the fact that the Rom among us are forgotten and seem to be invisible. (Oh well! - maybe they want it to be that way!) (BTW, DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHATEVER HAPPENED TO ANGELO EVANS? I CAN'T FIND ANYTHING ABOUT WHERE HE IS TODAY? IS HE LIVING? DEAD?) ***MY ADVICE: SEE THIS MOVIE FOR A REAL TREAT!
