Excellent Movie
Beautiful, touching, but lacking in humour
A Simply Great Film!  Perhaps the Best!
The Remains of the Day
REMAINS OF THE DAY
Restrained emotions make it all the more powerful
movie buff
Marvelous period film...
Love this movie.
Excellent Companion Piece To "Howards End." Two Inoffensive, Elegant, Movies That Should Wind Up In Your Collection.
How to suppress your humanity...
Remains of the Day
A Class Act
sublime and worth every minute
The Remains of the Day
James Ivory's masterpiece!
Exemplary, simply exemplary
It doesn't get much better than this!
The true heart of servant
Judge This Outstanding Movie For Yourself!
Volume too low!
BORRRRIIIIINNNNG!!!!
The remains of the Day
Wake me up when it's over.
Remains Merchant/Ivory 's  finest !!!
THE WHAT-IFs OF LIFE THAT YOU SIMPLY &quot;ACCEPTED&quot;
The Impact Of The Unspoken Word
The solace of memories
The Best Movie of the 90's
The Remains of the Day
Just a couple minor points
A work of art and a great interpretation of the book!
Breath-taking and elegant
Parallel to the life of a samurai
Screen acting at its finest
"The Remains of the Day" Remains Among Best Films of 1990's
A  MASTERPEACE
Remains of the Days Explores Issues of Elitism vs. Democracy
Outstanding Acting, A Near-Perfect Adaptation
Movie is great though different from the book
"The Remains of the Day" Remains One of Best Films Ever
Understanding the English: Regret and repressed emotions
More tense than the car chase in The French Connection
Thoroughly well acted and filmed
Excellent!
Romance, reality, rhetoric, and racism
Superb acting, heartbreaking story
Superb - emotionally wrenching and fascinating
Just perfect
The movie equals the novel as a work of literature
Remains A Great Movie
ah, the traditions of old, such wonderful chinks in the armor
Possibly my favorite film ever
Impeccable Performances from Hopkins and Thompson
Wow!
This remains one of my favorite films of all time...
Repression and lack of awareness eventually have a price
The Remembrance of Things Past
Remains a day...
"Z. Hayes" took the review right out of my minds eye  :)
PERFECT in every way
Compelling performances by Hopkins and Thompson
Heartbreaking and Stoic Sentimentality
Star-Crossed Lives in a British Manor
Dignity in Remains of the day
White Ties and Black Shirts
Finally on DVD and with a Lot of Special Features!
Heartbreaking...
The greatest film of all time, no doubt about it!
A Masterpiece/Guaranteed to shed a tear!!!
Love or Loyalty
DVD "The Remains of the Day"
An amazingly beautiful, memorable love story
Brilliant
Unfulfilled Dreams
it does not get better than this
Outstanding!
Hopkins and Thompson :  An Unbeatable Pair!!!
the remains of the day dvd
Memorable Acting
Two of the best at their best
Thought Provoking
The Remains Of The Day
Being professional butler in The remains of the day
Subtle and Lovely
What Might Have Been....
Anthony Hopkins At His Best
