Another favorite movie - Anthony Hopkins at his best.  Emma Thompson is genuine in her role as housekeeper.  The English lifestyle, so reserved,  so many expectations, life goes on, stiff upper lip, all come together in a well-directed, well-acted story about missed opportunities and loyalty.<br /><br />This is one that needs to be seen more than once to understand the social implications involved.  Superb movie!!
Merchant & Ivory turned Ishiguro's elegant novel into a quiet, stylish movie that is thoroughly gripping if you're even remotely responsive to truly great character acting. The only thing that is conspicuously absent from the film while being one of the main attractions of the novel, is the at times outrageously funny element of comedy that lightened the generally melancholy tone of the story. All that's left of it is the butlers cumbersome attempt to acquaint his Lordhip's nephew (Hugh Grant in pre-celeb days) with the facts of life; which, standing on its own as it does in the movie, seems misplaced and fails to be funny at all.<br />Hopkins and Thompson however work miracles and are the engine of the movie: Stevens, the butler, and Ms. Kenton, the housekeeper, whom they respectively portray, are two quirky characters who develop a touching, but barely acknowledged attachment to each other during their years of service at Darlington Hall. Much of the story takes place in the nineteen thirties, and while the main protagonists are busy keeping the house in order and getting to grips with each other, His Lordship (who else but Edward Fox), all naive good intentions, dabbles in politics and gets involved with Chamberlain's foolheaded appeasement policies and, by extension, with the nazis. Stevens sees it all happening before his eyes, but reserves judgment: he is there "to serve Lord Darlington, not to agree or disagree". Instead, he slavisly allows himself to be used in a callous parlour game of several of his masters friends, who flaunt his lack of political opinion as proof that democracy is madness. His sense of duty completely usurps his sense of personal responsibility, and eventually even causes this most genteel of men to behave in ways that are unfeeling, if not thoroughly reprehensible. Ms. Kenton is less placid, but has other reasons not to revolt. Loneliness, a disability to communicate, and emotional repression are the core themes of the movie, so don't expect any spectacular superficial drama. The pace is slow, arguably too slow at times. However, while the souls of butler and housekeeper are patiently laid bare, the viewer is regaled with some truly marvellous recreations of the Indian summer of English country house ife - busy downstairs activity, lawn meet and lavish dinner parties included. The locations are excellent, though interior and exterior scenes were shot at different houses and it is hard not to notice that the supposed rooms of Darlington hall are a bit too sizeable, sumptuous and numerous to actually fit within the modest shell of Dyrham Park, that stands in for its outside. Nonetheless, a great film that can be enjoyed on several levels.
Our duty is to be a &quot;wife&quot; or a &quot;husband&quot;. Not to commit adultery or complain about our spouse. Our duty is to love our work. No matter what the station. And to serve our employer with great and complete devotion. Our duty is to love our country. And not to tear down our leaders. This disloyalty and subdued &quot;hatred&quot; is what causes our &quot;degraded age&quot;. People hate their spouses, their country, their leaders, their employers. The end result is that everybody hates everybody.<p>Jim Stevens, brillantly played by Anthony Hopkins, is a great man. This is his philosophy. And his greatness shines throughout the movie. Please do not be disturbed by the forward flashes and back flashes between 1936 and about 1958. They will happen frequently. The butler, Anthony Hopkins, serves Lord Halifax. Lord Halifax is the owner of Darlington Hall. Ms. Kent, portrayed by Emma Thompson, is the housekeeper. Now here is where you come in. How far will you serve your employer, your country, your station - before you say &quot;no&quot;. Lord Halifax is a wonderful and great man. But because a friend of his comitted suicide after the World War I treaty with Germany, he is very strongly  and emotionally intent on keeping peace with Germany. Being a political leader, he is intent on keeping peace with Germany at all costs. He has a conference where a Congressman Lewis attends. Lewis is beautifully portrayed by Christopher Reeves. Lewis represents the new &quot;individualistism&quot; in the world. Where it is okay for anyone to dissent and speak their minds. Which way is better, I will let you decide. Stevens is so loyal to his position that he finally realizes, or senses in some capacity, that something may have gone wrong. I don't want to write anymore because it may destroy this incredible movie for you. But you must address two issues. Is it right to be loyal to one's family, friends, employer, country - regardless of circumstances? Or should you dissent when something is terribly wrong? Thank you and enjoy.
On my top ten list of best films..This film is not for those who like big action films. Everything is slow and full of meaning.. And my favorite male star Anthony Hopkins doing what he does best, act. Emma is wonderful also.It is to hard believe that some people actually take their jod so serious , but back then they did . And it happens today also.Although you may not notice who they are..Just a wonderful film all around... Again Amazon came to my aid. They always have what i want....Thanks
I love anything that Anthony Hopkins does is this is no exception.  British films & television programs are the best.  I had already seen this film numerous times before I purchased it & it's just as good as the first time I watched it. Excellent film!  This is a definite keeper.
Because of my slight obsession with Downton Abbey, I wanted to revisit this movie, which I first saw the year it originally came out (1993). I had never read the book, so I read that first, and then saw the movie. The book is beautifully written, and its emotional impact takes it time to hit you because it appears devoid of it for a long time.<br /><br />Because of his iconic portrayal of Hannibal Lecter in Silence of the Lambs, it is sometimes hard to remember that Anthony Hopkins is a brilliant actor in all sorts of roles. In many ways, this performance is even better: understated to such an extreme that a slight turn of the mouth conveys much about the character.<br /><br />And Emma Thompson is pitch perfect in her role as well. Her exasperation and deep feelings give the counterweight to the performance of Hopkins.<br /><br />This is not a tear jerker in the classic sense, and yet both twenty years ago when it first came out and last week when I watched it again, I found myself with tears rolling down my face. It sneaks up on you, and it is worth it.
Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thonpson! Hard to beat this duo and toss in Merchant and Ivory and you have a timeless classic. Well worth the time to watch and well worth the cost.
"Remains of the Day"(1993) is a Merchant/Ivory production that is a beautifully realized film, based on a novel by Kazuo Ishiguro, about an English butler (Anthony Hopkins) who works for his master Lord Darlington (James fox) pre-WWII (1930's). Emma Thompson stars as the estate's housekeeper who gradually falls in love with Hopkin's character. This film doesn't appear to have been remastered and instances of dust appear, but overall the film looks quite good. There are also a number of special features including the making of the film, deleted scenes, and interviews with the actors.
The richnesss and care taken in this period piece is not to be missed.  The acting is great and nothing is left to chance in writing.
This next film from the makers of "Howards End," which also reunites the two stars of that elegant & sophisticated film (Sir Anthony Hopkins & Emma Thompson-Mrs. Thompson having won for Best Actress in that film and Mr. Hopkins for his steely portrayal of Hannibal Lecter in the chilling psychological thriller "The Silence Of The Lambs") is another gem in the Merchant-Ivory crown. Featuring another star-studded cast and excellent production values, this is a great film that should be added to your collection. At 2/1/2 hours, it might be a stretch for the younger generation, but who cares what their taste is? This film is for those who appreciate classic movies like "Ben-Hur,"<br />"Gone With The Wind," "Doctor Zhivago," "The Sound Of Music," etc. These movies, and others I refrain from mentioning due to word limits on reviews, are family-oriented films that deserve an even bigger audience (ie. should be seen by today's generation, in addition to those who saw them in their original theatrical run). I've only had a chance to view the deleted scenes, and frankly, it's quite interesting to see what was cut from the film and why. I highly recommend this movie. Rated PG for adult themes.
I suppose some would say, that the way we handle our emotions is what separates us from animals.  And while I don't necessarily disagree with that, I'd have to add that the way we handle our emotions is what separates us from machines.  Our emotions are what make us who we are, what make us human.  But in some people and/or at some times, those emotions are not to be allowed to exist, tightly controlled for fear of potentially adverse consequences.<br /><br />That some people would think that it is never appropriate to show emotions is something that surprised me when I first encountered it, but I have and not just in the movies.  In "The Remains of the Day," the threat posed by emotions is simply one of a particular inappropriateness in the job environment, but with some people it is seen as always inappropriate because of the negative effects that emotions have perhaps too-often had previously in someone's life.  There's no evidence that Hopkins' character is in the latter camp, but he has clearly gotten so wrapped up in his job that he cannot separate it from his personal life.<br /><br />In this movie, Hopkins amazingly shows us what it might be like to be someone so repressed and out of touch with their emotions that they have become not perhaps, a machine, but certainly a hollow and pathetic creature.  The scene with Lord Darlington shortly after Stevens' (Hopkins) father dies is classic, you can see his struggle to keep his emotions from distracting him from his job to the point that the characteristically oblivious Darlington actually begins to notice, but the only character who is really in a position to understand what is happening with Stevens is Emma Thompson's Miss Kenton.<br /><br />By the end of the movie, the tears coming from Thompson's character seem less from unrequited love than overwhelming pity for the still-unable-to-emote Stevens.  Thompson's character has become closer to Hopkins' than anyone else over his entire adult life, and if that isn't the definition of pathetic, I don't know what is.  Yet stiff-upper-lip and all that, eh wot?
Very wonderful story with great acting by Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson.  I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. That alone should clue you in to the type of production you are about to view. The acting between the two is simply exquisite. I do believe that this is Mr. Hopkins finest performance. It seems effortless on his part. The sign of a truly great artist. Ms. Thompson too is one of our best. Christopher Reeve before his devastating accident looks dashing and handsome like Prince Charming. The scenes between Mr Hopkins and his father will break your heart. This is one of the best films I have ever experienced.
This is Merchant Ivory at its best. This taught tense film is filled with moments of such intimate despair and weave history and the Neville Chamberlin Apeasment approach into it answers or at least its telling of the story.
Adapted by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala from Kazuo Ishiguro's novel, "Remains" is a refined, elegantly crafted study of loss, regret, and the costs of emotional repression. Hopkins is masterful as Stevens, a man hiding behind an unswervingly dedicated, almost pathologically formal veneer. And the ever-charming Thompson is an excellent foil, attempting to draw Stevens out of his fortress of unfeeling. Lovingly handled by the Merchant-Ivory team, with exquisite period detail and coolly expressive cinematography, "Remains" is a cinematic gem of exceedingly good taste.
This is a slow paced movie, but so well acted and directed that you miss the rhytm. You feel caught from the first images with the voice in off . The photography is splendid. The art is direction is spectacular .<br />The script is a long tale from the memories of Anthony Hopkins and a failed relationship with Emma Thompson as the mistress in service of James Fox a hard enemy of the German forces in WW2.<br />The film travels from the passionate speechs about the destiny of the mankind , the human condition and also the intimate portrayal of this loyal servant , keeping the formalities with absolute gentleness.<br />Never before Ivory had been so inspired and convincing like this one .<br />The last sequence of the film is an extraordinary metaphor.<br />Thompson brilliant and Hopkins superb in this work.<br />This is a heavyweight champion movie , great and marvelous . Don't miss this one!
With each passing year, my appreciation for Anthony Hopkins grows and grows, and Remains of the Day is one of his finest performances ever. Paired with the simply wonderful Emma Thompson in this era-spanning classic, the film succeeds grandly on many levels. Above all, perhaps, Remains is an examination of the great divide between the master class and the servant class in British society, this in the context of the affairs of state of prewar and postwar England, being conducted on the private &quot;amateur&quot; level.<p>If you don't care for costume dramas, this film may not be for you, but I found it fascinating, even if it's flashbacks are a bit confusing at first.<p>Whatever role he plays, whether it be billionaire or CEO or butler, Hopkins' roles always place him in some plum obsessive/compulsive spot in the social order, and as a butler he is blind to all but the allegiances to which he is expected to conform. Remains of the Day explores these blind spots deliciously, the ignorance of the outside world Stevens imposes on himself out of duty. Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.<p>The relationship between Hopkins as Stevens and his Butler-father also struck a very rich chord with me. This is a film worth watching again and again....Merchant Ivory's best film...one might even say, &quot;exemplary&quot;.
This is a must-see for those seeking a well-written story line performed by cream-of-the-crop actors. This period drama is very bitter sweet, and you can't help but be drawn into a web of conflicting emotions. Anthony Hopkins/Emma Thompson fans should not miss this one.
Although some might classify this as a romance it doesn't fit the typical idea of one. So I wouldn't recommend it if that is what your looking for. I myself am a romantic and have a number of movies to support that fact. I saw this movie long ago and was impacted by it in another way. For me Anthony Hopkins plays the part of what a true servant's heart should be. I was able to take lessons from this and apply it to my relationship with God. This is a well written movie and all of the parts are well played. As is typical with a number of Anthony Hopkins movies, you respect the character he plays. But then that is his persona.
This is one of my absolute favorite movies.  I've viewed it probably at least 10 times, a rarity for me.  My advice to anyone who has not seen it, is to judge this movie for yourself. Do not allow yourself to be swayed by anything written or said about this movie--especially not anything written or said by those who made it.<br /><br />This movie is quite the paradox...in the sense it is a highly intelligent well-made movie...yet, from the get-go, those associated with it or reviewed it all seemed to see it in the same flawed, not to mention stereotypic way.  Anthony Hopkin's butler character Stevens is "the perfect English butler--an ideal carried by him to fanatical lengths"...he is "suppressed"...he made the horrid mistake of not marrying Miss Kenton, the housekeeper...if ONLY he had married Miss Kenton, they would have lived happily ever after!!!!! :)<br /><br />Seriously, it is as if no one ever considered, or even is ALLOWED to consider, that if Stevens had married Miss Kenton, he might have stayed the same way he was after the marriage that he was before the marriage; at which time, the little things that irked her about Mr. Stevens before they married, might have become big things that irked her; and she might have become a bitter woman, regretted marrying him, and might have been on her way to visit Mr. Benn, the man who asked her to marry him first.  Was it not actually Emma Thompson's character, Miss Kenton, who actually made the big mistake of marrying someone she did not love? What if instead of labeling Stevens "suppressed", he was labeled a "workaholic"?  Would everyone then assume they would have lived happily ever after if they had married? Probably not.<br /><br />From the first time I saw the movie, I personally felt Stevens was more steroetyped than suppressed.  My beliefs of that were enforced when I got the press kit, and read the following: "None of the filmmakers had any experience with the way a great English country house is run, or the minutiae of a butler's life. Ishiguro himself is the first to admit this, and had to learn about it in the course of writing his novel." Then there was the following from the DVD insertion: "None of us knew anything at all about what a butler does, including Ishiguro, who told Ruth Prawer Jhabvala when they'd met that he'd gotten it all out of a book, or had simply made it up".<br /><br />One can probably rightfully question that novelist Ishiguro ever actually learned it, and can probably easily believe he "simply made it up".  Listening to him discuss the movie in the DVD special feature leaves one wondering if he actually had any real interest--or more importantly, any real RESPECT--for his main character Stevens, the butler.  He seems unable to focus on much of anything but the political situation, and Steven's failure to grasp the horror of Nazism.  My, you think if you're running a household with an "army" of servants, you might not have the time to think much about politics?  Really, it's laugable to listen to someone such as Ishiguro, who<br />has the time and money to think, to write, to reflect--in hindsight, no less--to judge a working class man who did not have such luxuries! What he is doing is no different than what the pompous friend of Lord Darlington's did when he started questioning Steven's about his political beliefs. The jerk friend was trying to show Stevens, as a servant and common man, could not possibly grasp political issues. He was claiming Stevens was not intelligent enough to do so.  What Ishiguro, as well as others involved in the movie, are claiming is that Stevens was not "man enough" to do so. What was Stevens suppose to do--at the last meal of the conference, take a platter of food and dump it over the Baroness' blonde head?! Does the word "sacked" mean anything to Ishiguro?  Does the word "starvation"? Obviously not. Obviously, the only "manly" and "intelligent" thing a servant in that time period could do, according to the movie, is leave service, and no longer be a servant.  Gee, but guess what? Without the servants, there would have been no such households like Darlington Hall...and  there could have been no movie like "Remains of the Day", unless it was a "fantasy" movie!<br /><br />Also laughable was the way you hardly ever see Stevens controlling the staff...apparently, the filmakers were doing so.  The only way Stevens seemed to control the staff was to try to make sure he didn't hire someone unfit...and to make self-righteous comments about servants running off to marry each other.  Ishiguro might have based his book on a butler's diary, but it was obviously one of those diaries that didn't disclose much about the way the person actually lived.  One imagined it just contained some deep, lofty thoughts about his life...which sounded ridiculous when they were spoken verbatim in the film...which one imagines was the basis for that discussion between him and Mr. Benns in the butler's pantry. Yes, that's probably how butlers talked to each other in private!<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins deserves tremendous credit for pulling off the character of Stevens with all the steretypes he was handed. One can only think it would have been an even better performance, however, if there weren't so many preconceived ideas associated with his character.  He also was the one, according to the press kit, who insisted a professional butler be brought in to show the actual way things would have been done in such a household.  His Stevens is not broken at the end, not destroyed by regrets.  He is simply a man who made his choices in life, may have had regrets like most people do, and then carried on with his life and job. Emma Thompson's Miss Kenton fortunately escaped all the stereotypes dumped on Stevens, and she gave her usual exceptional performance. Hugh Grant also was exceptional, and added a bit of much appreciated humor to the movie.<br /><br />Then, there was James Fox's character of Lord Darlington...once again, judge for yourself how you feel about this character...others will tell you all sorts of ways to view him and judge him.  I personally thought his character was the TRUE outstanding one in the movie.  One wonders if a "real" Lord Darlington would have been so sweet and "naive", especially after serving in World War I...but Fox pulls it off. It's a shame the movie didn't focus a bit more on him, and less on the relationship between Mr. Stevens and Miss Kenton. I'll always see "Remains of the Day" more as a James Fox movie, than an Anthony Hopkins/Emma Thompson one.<br /><br />Final word about how to view this movie...if you are not a big fan of widescreen and know a lot about it, I would not waste my money on the DVD.  View the movie on VHS. I have a normal 20 inch TV, and the DVD version of this movie is not watchable on my TV.  The black lines on the top and the bottom of the screen are so big, it's like watching the VHS version of the movie, with at least a third of the picture blacked out!  It totally destroys the movie, in my opinion. But once again, you need to be the judge of that.  Just like you need to be the one and only judge of this outstanding British movie.
When playing the DVD the voices were nearly inaudible. I had to turn the volume to maximum and even then it was difficult to understand the words in quite a few places.<br /><br />Guests watching the DVD agreed that the problem was significant.
I'm sorry but despite some brilliant acting performances from Hopkins and Thompson this has got to be one of the most BORING movies I've ever tried to sit through. Don't be fooled by artsy film snobs, this one is a snoozer. And oh by the way, the tenacious "loyalty, devotion and integrity" of Hopkins character that so many critics think is the cornerstone of the film, is in my opinion, distracting and ridiculous.
I thought this the MOST BORING  movie of all times!  Gag me!  Two great stars, dull movie.
Put in metaphorical terms, this movie is the equivilant to &quot;ny-quil&quot;. It's like, why see this when you can see &quot;Howard's End&quot;.  They're both the same movie, it's just that  Howard's End is a whole lot better.  Take about your snooze fest! Whoa is  this film slow, boreing and bothersome! The 3 stars are for Emma, Anthony,  and the money this movie saved me on sleeping pills.
Arguably Remains of the Day is the finest Mechant/Ivory film ever made.  Anthony Hopkins delivers perhaps his finest performance with an excellent ensemble cast that includes co-star Emma Thompson and  James Fox.  You'll also see Christopher Reeve and newcomer Hugh Grant on board.<p>Merchant/Ivory films are often too precious and too tastefully presented to get overly excited about.  Despite how beautiful they may look, I often find myself restless and then unsatisfied with their films that are often  too stuffy and airless to ever experience more than once.<p>Remains of the Day is a little masterpiece of a film -- A wonderful character study and period drama worth repeat viewings.<p>The story is wonderfully framed in the present day of the 1950's, which sets the mood to enjoy the film's exquisite  earlier period details.  The film's stuffiness is natural because the story centers around the James Stevens (Anthony Hopkins) a butler who has takes great pride in being in complete servitude to his employer Lord Darlington (James Fox) and the large English country home he attends to.  <p>Most of the film concerns itself with the late 1930's and early 1940's during World War 2 and Stevens' recollections are centered around his very proper relationship with Sally Kenton (Emma Thompson) who worked as a domestic in the home along with him for many years.  Perhaps he can convince the new present day owners of the manor and to let Sally Kenton again work with him once again.<p>Kenton and Stevens' made a great Domestic team, Stevens' recalls. In flashback we see Steven's life working as a butler for Lord Darlington and watching some of the influential politicians, Lords and ladies pass through the manor hallways.  <p>Hopkins' performance is one to savor and study.  His every inflection, glance, and expression carries several meanings.  The longing he feels for Sally  must be suppressed to perform his tasks to the utmost of perfection and Sally's personal feelings for Stevens must like-wise be held in check because they are first and foremost devoted to their duties.  They share a perfectionism and devotion to their work that nothing is allowed interfere with. <p>If the film sounds dull and stiff, let me assure you that this is a film of such grace, beauty and near perfection that it will haunt you for several years.  You will focus on the smallest of details in the film and be richly rewarded for taking the time to do so.<p>The film is rich in period details (the cinematographer was Tony Pierce-Roberts) and offers an impeccable production design by Luciana Arrighi (&quot;Anna and the King&quot;), set decoration by Ian Whittaker (Anna and the King) and wonderfully re-created period costumes by Jenny Beavan and John Bright.  <p>You won't forget the performances of Anthony Hopkins or Emma Thompson in Remains of the Day.<p>DVD STUFF<p>&quot;Remains of the Day&quot; is presented in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen.  A few minutes worth of minor print flaws and very occasional visible edge enhancements are the only minor drawbacks of this high quality presentation of  the film.  The picture is sharp and crisp, black levels are strong and colors are rich.  <p>The soundtrack of the film is presented in Dolby Digital 5.1 though most of the audio is front and center.  The score is allowed to breathe around the room a bit but there is very little in the way of ambient noises of sound effects present which could have taken advantage of the the surround sound possibilities.  No hisses or pops of noticeable distraction are present.<p>DVD EXTRAS:<p>Plentiful extras include an exclusive 29 minute short documentary: The Remains of the Day: A Filmakers journey.  Crew and cast members along with novelist Kazuo Ishiguro,  producers Ismail Merchant and John Calley,  director James Ivory and composer Richard  Robbins  disucss the making of the film.  Stars featured include Hopkins, Thompson, Fox, and Reeve who offer some criticism of their performances and high praise for the work of their fellow cast members and the director.  It's a love-fest but one that has some restraint and gives some interesting behind the scenes details of interest particularly in how the period details were recreated so beautifully. <p>There's a 15 minute featurette which examines the issue of appeasement and how the attitude was partially responsible for allowing Hitler and Germany to become so powerful.<p>The  28 and a half minute HBO behind the scenes special from 1993 is more promotional in nature but of interest which features scenes for the film, behind the scenes footage and interviews.<p>3 deleted scenes can be viewed with or without optional commentary.  They are presented in the open matte style which means viewers can see things like the boom mikes which are normally cropped out of the picture.  Many will find this particularly interesting which is why James Ivory wanted to show the deleted scenes in this manner.<br />The commentary track on Remains of the Day is better than most. There are some long pauses in the commentary and some of it duplicates the information that is discussed on the documentaries.  There are also many minutes over the course of commentary devoted to participants complimenting each other and those involved in the production.  Emma Thompson is at times very funny, and livens things up when they get a little too slow and dry.  Mechant, Ivory and Thompson provide an informative detailed and worthwhile feature length commentary to the film.  <p>Remains of the Day is beautiful little masterpiece which features some incredible acting.  The film is rich with details and the DVD is packed with worthwhile extras which makes this a Special Edition DVD very much worth adding to your collection. .<p>Christopher Jarmick, is the author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder a critically acclaimed, steamy suspense thriller.
This Merchant Ivory masterpiece is a must-own DVD: not only if you are intrigued by the labyrinthine world of English genteel lifestyles (butlers, under-butlers, footmen and the like), or some splendid British dialogue, but  if you fancy an understated cinematic experience that still stirs emotion and circumspection comparable to that provoked by the written word. <p>Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson play the dignified servants of a manor between the walls of which &quot;great affairs of the world are decided.&quot; Both had me in their clutches at the very outset (set against the backdrop of the English countryside and exquisitely complimented by the music of Richard Robbins) and never let go. I was also somewhat surprised to see an early Hugh Grant and a young Ben Chaplin -- both before they became famous, and you can see why they got where they are today. <p>Each and every screen of the movie is riveting, and all characters play their parts impeccably. With the possible exception perhaps of Christopher Reeves' character -- the brazen, world-saving American who calls other European topdog politicians &quot;amateurs.&quot; Yet, thats a minor gripe, and entirely overshadowed by Anthony Hopkins who so subtly reveals all the feelings that his character works so hard to repress that the pain is almost palpable. <p>There is also a nuanced romantic subplot, nothing is ever shown in somatic expressions of hugging and kissing, yet the tension between Hopkins and Thomson is one of the most memorable you will ever see. Unrequited love, was it? <p>The average moviegoer might find the film slow, but anyone interested in watching great actors excelling at their craft will be mesmerized! <p>Highly recommended!
Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson give superlative performances as the head butler and housekeeper at Darlington Hall in pre-WWII England, where personal and international dramas are enacted.  Set in the present, the film uses flashbacks to tell the stories of servants and Lord Darlington, a misguided gentleman who believed appeasement with Germany was the solution in the years leading to the Second World War.  Hopkins is his very officious butler, a man who places duty and propriety above all things, even his true feelings for housekeeper Thompson.  She is more forthcoming with her emotions, but she cannot bring him to open himself up, including a painfully well-acted scene where Thompson tries to get Hopkins to reveal to her the book he is reading.<p>If you are looking for loads of action and music-video style editing, this film will not be for you.  It is a character and class study, and it succeeds admirably well on both levels.  Hopkins and Thompson are both able to communicate subtle emotions with a simple pause or a look.  The supporting cast is also fine.  The screenplay allows the characters and drama to unfold slowly, establishing a feeling for the time and for the differences in class that existed in the era.  <p>Remains of the Day is directed with understated style, allowing the setting and characters to dominate. Although it may be more literary than most films, don't mistake it for something stuffy or inaccessible.  It's great drama about all too real characters that reminds us of the impact of the unspoken word.
Memories both good and bad light up what yet remains of the day. This is the story of how a man finds comfort in remembering what he has achieved, and what he has lost.<br /><br />Remains of the Day saw the reuniting of the Merchant/Ivory/Jhabvala/Hopkins/Thompson team that had made Howards End two years before (1991). It was almost the Pinter/Irons/Streep team that had made the French Lieutenant's Woman in 1981, with Mike Nichols directing this time, but other commitments forced Nichols to just a co-producing role. It would be interesting to compare the Pinter and Jhabvala treatments of Kazuo Ishiguro's book. This is Merchant/Ivory in their prime, and it's a sumptuous production that creates the period and milieu (the 30s and 50s in a stately English country house) without falter, and proceeds at a suitably stately pace.<br /><br />There are two parallel developments throughout the film: in the first we see Lord Darlington (James Fox) use his wealth and position to try and soften the resentment that Germany feels over the harsh Treaty of Versailles, only for him to be disillusioned in the end. The second  concerns a romance between two of the servants at the house (Hopkins as Stevens the butler and Thompson as Kenton the housekeeper).<br /><br />Darlington is convinced that more damage has been done since the war than during it, and that the situation will inevitably give rise to another war unless something is done to ameliorate Germany's position. His standards are the old fashioned ones of the English aristocracy: fair play, don't hit a man when he's down, and always act with honour. However he fails to understand that something has already been done to ameliorate the situation, and it's been done by a German, Adolf Hitler. And he believes Hitler. To be fair to Darlington, most of Europe before WWII believed Hitler (even his staunch opponent Winston Churchill was once a fan). At one point Darlington, who is a very kindly man, dismisses two Jewish refugees whom he has employed, simply because they are Jews. But it bothers him, and from that point of the film onwards, he begins to realise his mistake. During and after the war Darlington is hated as a Nazi sympathiser and collaborator, and it breaks him.<br /><br />Darlington has gone through the same experience as Prince Salina in The Leopard.  What we are seeing here is the values of one generation replacing those of another. Darlington's tragedy is that he has outlived his time. His values are sneered at, his position is no longer unquestioned. He doesn't know what to do when dealing with those who don't share his standards and culture. In a sense, worthy as he is, he's a dinosaur. It's a smaller age, when working men decide policy they know nothing about by voting in a general election, where the very people he is trying to aid treat him with contempt as a dupe ("we call them concentration camps, you call them prisons, but it's much the same").<br /><br />The butler Stevens is a staunch defender of English class values of the period.  He has built his life on the ideal of service, and as a more democratic age dawns, he has difficulty adapting to it. Stevens knows that order and dignity must prevail, that he has what amounts to a small army under his command, each of whom must know his duty and his place for the whole machine to function.  Stevens' ally in this formidable task is Miss Kenton the housekeeper. From this alliance of two capable people flows the love story which is the second plot strand of the film.<br /><br />Slowly Stevens loses faith in Darlington, the pivot of his order. Several times he denies knowing him. He sees the great house and its army of servants dismantled. New, more egalitarian times bring a new owner and a new master (in the film the American millionaire Lewis). Yet throughout Stevens keeps his feelings to himself. He is no more expressive. It is Kenton who makes all the moves in their romance. Stevens remains the passive subject of her decisions.<br /><br />Now here is a difficult matter. Throughout the film we see Stevens tormented again and again at his inability to express his emotions (and a superb job of acting by Hopkins). We never know why.  There is no indication in the film that Stevens considers his ideal of service as more important, or a substitute, for his emotional life (we are told his father worked as a butler, and yet he married). There are moments when the frustrations of both Stevens and Kenton are treated humorously by the film makers.<br /><br />The motivation given for both Stevens and Darlington indicates a structural flaw in the film, its one weakness. We are given no clue for Stevens' silence about his feelings. And we are expected to feel it a weakness of Darlington to attempt to appease Hitler. But it is historically unlikely for him not to do so. At the time of Darlington's meetings Hitler was the elected Chancellor of Germany, not the Fuhrer. He hadn't put anyone in a concentration camp. He had published Mein Kampf in which he expressed incoherent theories about race that not many could understand (even, it is said, Hitler himself). He had made demands to take over part of Czechoslovakia to which Germany had a plausible right. He was shaping up as a strong man of Europe; many politicians were relieved to see him successful. It was a time when 'totalitarian' had no pejorative meaning.  (There were only two ways to avoid the Hitler regime: a more lenient Treaty of Versailles which would have strengthened democratic government in Germany; or a declaration of war against Germany by America in 1932).<br /><br />The film features some of the best acting in any film, not just from the principals but on the part of virtually every cast member. Merchant/Ivory are strong on casting. They say they build their films around it. Here it works. You won't see the kind of 'expert' acting that draws attention to itself; rather, you unhesitatingly believe every person is who they claim to be. Hopkins and Thompson are wonderful at expressing what each is feeling behind the conventional exchanges they manage to have. The set, the great house (houses, the film makers say) is perfectly convincing. The period detail is expertly done. One finds out more about how a great house was run in those days than you could ever expect to know  (as one did about painting in The Girl with the Pearl Earring). Structurally, however, the parallel set up by Ishiguro concerning Darlington and Stevens and their inability to change with the times is not maintained and there is a mystery about Stevens' reticence about his feelings which stop his story from being the tragic one it might be.
Remains of the Day joins Goodfellas and Breaking the Waves as movies that did not win Best Picture Oscars in the 90's, however will be be remembered as truly three of the finest flims ever produced. Merchant and Ivory has always been an aquried taste, however this movie truly crosses all boundries. As the years go by (I'm writing this review in 2005), Anthony Hopkins brillance as an actor gets dimmed somewhat with every mediorce script he takes, although if anyone has earned the right to sell out for money, it is he and Deniro.<br /><br />This movie will truly haunt you, and I don't say that lightly. Lesson for all young movie directors who think you have to have raunchy sex scenes with wafer-like women and thick headed men to generate heat on screen: the chemistry between Thompson and Hopkins in the library scene is the most intense, heartbreaking, sexually-charged scene I have ever witnessed on screen, AND THEY DON'T EVEN TOUCH EACH OTHER! The fact that BOTH did not receive Oscars for their roles is borderline criminal. The last 35 minutes of this movie will stay with the you for weeks, if not years. That last scene of Stevens the Butler releasing the trapped bird out the window, while he is left inside looking out and wondering all he has missed, and eventually lost, is almost to much to bear. The beautiful harp-centric soundtrack is worth noting as well.  The excellence of this movie is hard to overstate; it is simply one of the 10-15 greatest movies ever made, while Hopkins and Thompson's performance in my estimation rank as the two single greatest performances of the 1990's.
There aren't many performances in film that translate with such intensity a man's ancestral obsequiousness, and cowardice in the face of duty, than Anthony Hopkins' in the above film. This came out the same year as Philadelphia, the movie that achieved Tom Hanks his first, and much deserved, academy award. As poignant as Tom's portrayal is of an AIDS-afflicted homosexual taking on corporate and social prejudice, however, I really believe Anthony was the superior heir to the accolade. The film received eight nominations in all, including Best Film, Best Actress (Emma Thompson), and Best Actor, and Anthony was coming off an Oscar-winning role for his work in Silence of the Lambs three years prior. Whereas Philadelphia's outstanding appeal is rooted in its obvious social matter, The Remains of the Day is a subtle, probing, and I think an even more tragic painting of a man immured by heritage and dutiful blindness.<br />  Based on the book by Kazuo Ishiguro, the story is divested through flashbacks of a retired butler named Stevens (Hopkins) near the end of his life circa 1958. He is engaged in a trek across the English countryside toward a long awaited meeting that he hopes might reconcile his past mistakes. His reminiscences take us back to a period shortly preceding the Second World War, in the estate of the politically inclined Lord Darlington, under whom Stevens serves. He is possessed with a stringent, self-denying will to fulfill his duty, and his thoroughly unsentimental way of life is challenged with the arrival of the new housekeeper, the spirited, idealistic Miss Kenton (Emma Thompson). The film concentrates on the tortured and repressed romance between these two as Darlington Hall becomes embroiled in a political, underhanded affair with the Nazis.<br />  It is a thoughtful, masterful film that unveils itself in the shadows and crevices of the manor; the only effect is human emotion. Pay attention to how Hopkins has unearthed the subtleties, in his unsated eyes and breathy hesitations, of a man buried in ignorance and loneliness due to obsessive, familial yeomanry. A man who will not leave the table to attend to his dying father upstairs, also a butler, until his master has been seated. And the final scene, where the dove becomes trapped in a room and is eventually released through the window -watch as Stevens stares curiously after the fleeting, liberated creature and the camera retreats from the window, revealing the breathtaking expanse of the English landscape. This is the world that he has failed to understand and explore. Beautiful. Hopkins proves he is a master: he has exhumed in this character something so personal, hopeful, with such dark realness, and with a quality of humanity, as to leave an audience pulverized.
Lots of interesting critiques here of this masterful and wrenching film and I don't see much point in being redundant.  So, one perhaps important clarification and one opinion just because I feel like it:<p>1.  The DVD release contains not THREE deleted scenes, but SIX.  The Special Features section has a second page!  Furthermore, if you've missed it you will see not only the scene (whose absence from the film is interestingly lamented in an earlier review here) in which Miss Kenton speculates on what her life might've been with Stevens, but also a rather fascinating scene labeled &quot;The Pier&quot; in which Stevens spills his guts to a complete stranger and dampens his hanky into the bargain.  Without having yet heard the director's commentary in these scenes, I must conclude that they were excised for their overt emotionalism, which could be considered somehow false to the characters.  To me, the more intense the repression, the more inevitable that eventually the truth will be blurted out in an awkward and unexpected manner, so I'm of mixed mind regarding these choices.<p>2.  I relish rather than regret the integrity this film displays in not permitting us the scenes of huge emotional catharsis that we're all screaming for by the end of the tale, but the penultimate pigeon scene is one subtlety too many...either this film should've made SOME sort of final statement or I've failed to properly comprehend the one that's there.  Instead, it just seems to...stop, in a rather arbitrary and anticlimactic manner.
This is one of the very best books I have ever read and I was terrified when I heard that it was going to be filmed. When I heard that they picked Emma Thompson and Anthony Hopkins to play the two main caracters of the  book I was even more scared. Why? Because the higher you jump from the more  painful the fall may be.<p>But not in this case; The film is very good,  with fabulous actors and brilliant acting, a great achievement that has its  own value and its own identity with a very valid and impressive  interpretation of the book. <p>Ishiguro once said in a interview that  &quot;one uses memory for ones own purpose, one's own ends&quot; and that  is why he writes in the first person form, to be able to follow somebody's  thoughts around,&quot; as they trip themself up or try to hide from  themself&quot;. I think The remains of the day is Ishiguros way of telling  us to live to day and to grasp love when and if you find it and not to wait  until you are old. <p>The movie is great and anyone who worked on it or  with it should be very proud of themselves, from Ishiguro himself, the  casting people and the director and specially Emma Thompson and Anthony  Hopkins. Lovely!<p>Read the book  and then see the movie. You can even see  the movie first and then read the book and that is not often you can do!
Oh my, where to start? I only recently saw this film due to a mild enamorment with the lovely Emma Thompson and boy am I glad I did. Being fairly unfamiliar with Merchant and Ivory productions, I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of research that must've gone in to the producing of this film. The sets are just enormously fabulous, with rich colors and impeccable detail.<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins, whom I had only know previously as Hannibal Lector, surprised me with his quinessentially British-butler demeanor. He gives an appropriately sedated yet emotional performance, one quite worthy of an Oscar. Ms. Thompson plays his 'love interest' (though they don't even share a kiss) and is a fiery, free-spirited woman who was slightly wronged by Mr. Stevens due to his inattention towards her.<br /><br />To those who have read the book, I am pleased to say that this film is a very close adaptation of it. Though seemingly unfilmable, Kazuo Ishiguro's Booker Prize-winning novel is manifested magnificently on the screen. A very touching scene that I regretted not being in the film (but is included in the deleted scenes on this DVD) is the moment that Mrs. Benn reflects aloud about the life she might've led with Mr. Stevens. In the book, Stevens thinks to himself, "Why hide it, my heart was breaking." Such a poignant line and one that really embodies the values at the core of the film. The book is written more comedically while the film's tone is more somber.<br /><br />I particularly enjoyed Emma Thompson's performance in this film. She had just won an Oscar for Howards End (another film I recommend highly) and here she is once again paired with Anthony Hopkins and Merchant Ivory. The infamous 'Book scene' had me tearing my hair out (figuratively) in frustration at Stevens' narrow-minded pursuit of service and 'dignity'. At the end, however, I was crying with him in agony at the thought of his wasted years and his wasted love for Ms. Kenton.<br /><br />So, folks, the moral of the story is to'Not waste your life!' and to watch this movie.<br /><br />Highly recommended: 5/5<br /><br />This DVD contains several informative 'Making-of' specials and a very funny commentary track with Thompson, the director, and the producer.
A classic movie in the genre of "The English Patient"; people will either love it or hate it.<br /><br />The book is also a superb read: I wonder how much the author drew from his cultural Japanese background or conditioning. I did not realize that "being English" and the Japanese concept of "Gaman Enryo" could be almost interchangeable.<br /><br />In the DVD extras, he explains that aan "English butler" is a quintessential avenue to waste one's life emotionally and politically; similar conclusions can be drawn from the life of a typical samurai or modern day Japanese Salaryman. Such themes are explored in movies like "Samurai Rebellion" and the absolute classic "Harakiri".
Merchant-Ivory films bore me to tears, but this is quite the exception. Hopkins delivers perfection as a repressed butler and is amazing on so many levels. I marveled at the brilliance of the cast and the story, and its place in a historical context. Filmed in a gorgeous, widescreen format, I was really impressed with the locations selected - they all work magnificently. And the music! Very memorable. Notable for this dvd release is the commentary track, which Emma Thompson shines on.
Without creating an elite among film viewers, "The Remains of the Day" divides spectators into two categories -- one is of those who are left indifferent by the movie, those who miss full-swing action and find the film too long and too boring. The other group (myself including) find it delightful and powerful, in a very special, understated way.<p>Portraying a relationship of two people who sacrificed their lives to serving their lords, the story is enhanced by wonderful performances of Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. The two splendid actors met once again under the direction of James Ivory after starring in the previous Merchant-Ivory production hit, "Howards End". <p>The story is set in the late 1950's, when the perfect butler from the pre-war era, Mr. Stevens (Hopkins), is on his way to visit the former housekeeper of Darlington Hall (where he remained), Miss Kenton (played by Thompson). The film's substantial part thus takes place in the 1930's, with the end section describing the reunion after the two decades. Their time for love, sadly, is long past. Yet Stevens had embarked on this journey, a little too late for making up for what he missed, when he was such a great, dependable servant to Lord Darlington.<p>Darlington is a character cleverly thought up by the original novel author Kazuo Ishiguro, in that he is an example of a politician going completely in a wrong direction -- the history and the present have plenty of suchlike ones. The film's bulk is thus set in ominous undertones of pending World War II.<p>Surging, restless score by Richard Robbins (not very good for listening on its own, without viewing) and beautiful cinematography help make the film what it is, a stunning work of art, but two main stars steal the show. You could say sometimes there is a lack of expression on the face of Stevens whatsoever and still it's a great acting. He just loses his temper once -- but Miss Kenton is not there to see it anymore. For that matter, Thompson's acting is, as always, equally superb -- her eyes and face speak volumes without words.<p>Indeed, there is a lot of going on for a careful observer to see and digest in his/her mind while viewing this film. Subtly beautiful and ultimately quite sad, it leaves you with questioning your own priorities in life.<p>If you haven't seen "The Remains of the Day" yet and you love films set in England ("Sense and Sensibility", "Gosford Park", "Howards End"), give yourself a treat a see it.
I have seen HOWARD'S END and i thought it was great,but Merchant-Ivory have outdone themselves with this film.  The story centres around Mr Stevens{Anthnoy Hopkins} a Butler in Darlington Hall. Many of the  scenes are done in flashback. As he reflects on life with Lord  Darlington{James Fox}. He realizes how misguided his loyaties were to Lord  Darlington.  Mr Stevens was so commited to his work that  practically destroed his personal life. When his father is dying upstairs  he still serves drinks. Also he pushes away the one woman who truly loves  him,this being Miss Kenton the &quot;very capable&quot; Housekeeper.  This book is done totally through Mr Stevens mind so I would have thought  it would not be suitable to be made into a movie, but M-I have proved me  wrong.  This film manages to balance the plot and sub-plot perfectly  without harming either. Hopkins and Thompson give the performances of their  lives. Hopkins makes Mr Stevens seem more than simply  cold and uncaring  but a man who is attractive and kind,but who unfortunately cannot let his  feeling known ,so much is the restraint of his office. Hopkins lets us see  his feelings in so sutle way with simply an eye movement or eyebrow, never  letting go of the veneer of control but you can feel that underneath he is  terrable pain.  Miss Kenton sees that MrStevens has qualities wit and  responbility.  Emma Thompson  plays her as an independent  ,spirted,inteligent woman who unfotunalely falls in love with a man who can  never express his feelings for because of duty and repression. Your empathy  is more with her in the end. As she tries to anything to get him to open up  to her. The scenes particulaly at the end are heart-wrenching. One scene  paricualy touched me was when she comes back late after anousing she is  leaving and Mr Stevens is angry with her probally out of jeasouy, Miss  Kenton believes that if she can hurt or make him angry enough it might  force him to admit his feeling. The plan back fires and all she manages to  do is hurt him and herself even more.  If you are looking for a simple  love story with passionate love scenes then this is not for you, but if you  are looking for an interesting ,thought provoking story of repressed love  and misguided loyaties then this for you.
The very talented and versatile Anthony Hopkins is wonderfully cast as the English butler, Mister Stevens.  It is Steven's eager existential duty to serve  the master of the estate, Lord Darlington (James Fox), with unhesitating loyalty and meticulous dedication.  Class distinctions have usually been more important to  our British cousins.  This is a major reason why the American colonies revolted against the &quot;mad&quot; King George.  Most living in Great Britain some 60 years ago  considered their social status at birth as inescapable.  Once a servant, always a servant.  A Mister Stevens or the head housekeeper (played aptly by Emma  Thompson) would likely have looked askance at anyone suggesting they try to improve their lot in life.  Such hopes bordered on being perceived as unnatural, if not traitorous.<p>Lord Darlington is an elitist who is easily seduced into embracing the Nazis as England's partners to usher in a new age of mutual prosperity and fellowship.  The film  suggests that Lord Darlington meant well, but was perhaps innocent and over his head concerning the true designs of the Nazis.  This irritated me to no end.  I am  convinced that most of these wealthy and powerful individuals were more than a little receptive toward the anti-Semitic underpinnings of Nazi ideology.  They  gratefully welcomed a philosophy advocating racial superiority.  Comradeship with committed Nazis also reinforced the self image of the Lord Darlingtons as the homo sapiens most deserving to be the leaders of their respective political and cultural institutions.  A pecking order exists in nature, and the gods of the universe have  positioned them at the very top rung of the evolutionary ladder.<p>There is one very powerful scene that demands our rapt attention.  Master Stevens is serving drinks to Lord Darlington and a few of his Nazi guests when one of  the latter begins to insult the dutiful butler.  The condescending guest asks Master Stevens questions about particularly difficult political issues of the moment.  Stevens concedes that his lack of education prevents him from fully understanding these matters.  The man then sarcastically concludes that Master Stevens is a  quintessential reason why democracy is doomed to fail.  Only the elites have any business being involved in politics, he adds.  The guest rejects the very premise of  democracy that declares ordinary and modestly educated people along with the elites are more than capable of forming a workable political system.  Moreover, we hold that the  basic commonsense of the hoi polloi often balances out the sometimes ethereal unrealistic speculations of the elites.  The ordinary person is not an idiot to be marginalized, but may have much to add. Is such a system perfect?  No, but as Winston  Churchill once said, its still the best system devised in human history.  Elitist governments, on the other, inherently tend to be tyrannical and unjust.<p>This is a gorgeous film to view.  Much care was given in making &quot;Remains of the Day&quot; as authentic looking as possible.  The dedication and commitment of those  who made this movie possible is to be commended.  These artists had to love this project because it's most probable they took a huge cut in pay.  The film is  unfortunately also timeless.  &quot;Remains of the Day&quot; will be forevermore relevant.  The at least metaphorical reality of Original Sin is alive and well on planet earth,  and some people will always want to look down on their fellow citizens.  &quot;Remains of the Day&quot; will provide you with much to think about.
Hopkins and Thompson, along with a truly outstanding supporting cast, bring Ishikawa's book to life. Rarely is such a complex book done such justice. My principal complaint is that the ending was changed significantly. If you enjoy the film, I recommend also reading at least the last chapter of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0679731725">The Remains of the Day</a> to compare them.
I have read the Booker prize winning book by Ishiguro and it blew me away. It is a special book that shows the life of a person who sacrifices everything for his master. I was sure that the movie will not live upto my expectations as a lot of it is in the mind of Steven, the butler. However, the movie did do a impressive job of it. It is one of the best directed by James Ivory and has a great cast, Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson, James Fox, Chistopher Reeve and Hugh Grant, all of whom give outstanding performances. This movie was put together beautifully and shows the life of a person, Lord Darlington who is sympathetic to the Germans after WW1 for their bad treatment. It shows how naive he is in understanding the change happening in Europe and Germany, especially. It also shows how a number of people subscribe to his view and class distinctions then. The part where they discredit democracy by showing how little the butler knows of the world and yet he decides who should govern the country is nasty, but well done. Christopher Reeve does a good job of showing how they are amateur in their thinking and how politics must be left to professionals. James Fox does a good job as the Lord Darlington, who is simple minded, does mistakes and realizes later. Hugh Grant comes in an unusual role as his grandson and pointing out the problems in Germany. Though there is not much humor in the movie, the few pieces are well done.<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins plays the role of the butler very well and deserves praise for being the person totally dedicated to his job and employer. This leads to his coldness and distant behavior. His first meeting with Emma Thompson, as Miss Kenton, is a special occasion and it shows how he is in love with her, but unable to show it for multiple reasons. Their relationship is very touching, both during the good and bad parts. It eventually leads them to separation. When she tries to reason with him on a number of occasions, he accepts her rationale at times and not at others. He is single minded in his dedication to his job, however distasteful it is, though she is more pragmatic and works with conscience. Between the two, they carry the movie through. It is not an easy story to be cast into a movie, but the two do an impressive job and must be congratulated for that. This is a movie of love that is not consummated and is wonderfully portrayed. It is one of the best Merchant-Ivory movies and should not be missed for the thoughtful direction, great acting and good screenplay. It is well directed with time change between 1930s and 1960s. The DVD transfer is also very good. The only complaint is that in the end when one can see the torture in the face of Stevens, it does not fully show the thoughts going on in him when he sees that he is losing Miss Kenton.
Without creating an elite in the best-understood sense of the word, "The Remains of the Day" divides film viewers into two categories -- one is of those who are left indifferent by it, those who miss full-swing action and find the film too long and too boring. The other group (myself including) find it delightful and powerful, in a very special understated way.<p>Portraying a relationship of two people who sacrificed their lives to serving their lords, the basic story is enhanced by wonderful performances of Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. These two splendid actors met once again under the direction of James Ivory after starring in the previous Merchant-Ivory production gem "Howards End". <p>The story takes place some years after the war, when the perfect butler from pre-war era, Mr. Stevens (Hopkins), drives the car to visit the Darlington Hall's former housekeeper Miss Kenton (Thompson). The film's substantial part takes place in this past, with the end section describing the reunion of the two, whose time for love, sadly, is long past. Yet Stevens embarks on this journey, a little too late for making up for what he missed, when he was such a great, dependable servant to Lord Darlington.<p>Darlington is a character cleverly thought up by the original novel author Kazuo Ishiguro, in that he is an example of a politician going completely in a wrong direction -- the history and the present have plenty of suchlike ones. The film's main storyline is thus set in ominous undertones of pending World War II.<p>Surging, restless score by Richard Robbins (not very good for listening on its own, without viewing) and beautiful cinematography help make the film what it is, a stunning work of art, but two main stars steal the show. You could say sometimes there is a lack of expression on the face of Stevens whatsoever and still it's a great acting. He just loses his temper once -- but Miss Kenton is not there to see it anymore. For that matter, Thompson's acting is, as always, equally superb -- her eyes and face speak volumes without words.<p>Indeed, there is a lot of going on for a careful observer to see and digest in his/her mind while viewing this film. Subtly beautiful and ultimately quite sad, it leaves you with questioning your own priorities in life.<p>If you haven't seen "The Remains of the Day" yet and love films set in England ("Sense and Sensibility", "Gosford Park", "Howards End"), give yourself a treat a see it.
Stevens the Butler (Anthony Hopkins)is master of Darlington Hall in Oxfordshire and of his own emotions ... until Miss Kenton (Emma Thompson) arrives to be the housekeeper. Although there is no overt sexual tension, they grow to love one another. In best British style, the emotions are suppressed for decades.<p>Kazuo Ishiguro, a Brit with Japanese ancestory, acutely observed the British psyche in the novel. But Ruth Prawer Jhabvala's script for Merchant-Ivory is a rare case where the movie is better than the underlying book. She uses the technique of the epistolary novel (telling a story by letters between two people) and the carefully nuanced voice-overs by Hopkins and Thompson move the complex plot right along.<p>If you can only picture "Sir Tony" as Hannibal Lecter, you'll be convinced that he is a great actor by this performance in which he ages several decades. Emma Thompson responds with heavily banked fires.<p>When Hopkins begins a speech, "I must say this, because we may never meet again," you'll feel the tears running down your cheeks. This is a movie to watch time and again.
While we were watching this beautifully acted film,a fellow in front of us yelled out"KISS HER!!!"during a particularly gut-wrenching scene.The story line inspires such emotion,and Hopkins and Thompson are so exquisite in their roles,I understood the frustration felt by the movie-goer in front of us. There are two particular scenes with just the two of them that are almost hard to watch,as they are so raw in emotion..But if you are up to a different kind love story with unusual twists and turns,then this marvelous movie is for you.Hopkins is especially effective,and I feel he should have won the Best Actor award.
"Remains of the Day" is a classic film from the Merchant-Ivory team that lifted the English drama genre out of BBC and PBS obscurity. It works seemlessly and beautifully between past and present, and shows the depth of human emotion behind upper-crust gentility.<p>Anthony Hopkins is superb as Stevens, the head butler to an English lord whose naive sympathy for the Nazis lead to his downfall. Emma Thompson plays the head housekeeper who joins the manor staff and tries to shake Hopkins out of his emotional and political complacency. The attraction between the two grows out of the tension between doing one's duty and honoring one's feelings. As Thompson's character grows more restless, Hopkins' grows ever more resistant to her overtures. One excellent scene, where she invades his dark study, shows how the butler's training and detachment struggle against a growing affection: as Thompson tries to pry a book from Hopkins' fingers, you can hear the clench he maintains until the end.<p>The film covers a lot of themes at once: loyalty, sacrifice, unrequited love, and regret. When Hopkins travels to search out Thompson nearly twenty years after WWII, it's as much for the chance at reviving love as it is for asking her to return to the manor. The end scenes are heart-rending without being maudlin.<p>The other characters are also well done: James Fox as Lord Darlington, the old-fashioned aristocrat who plays the unwitting dupe for Nazi envoys in pre-Churchill Britain; Christopher Reeve as the realistic American politician who voices fear and dismay at the events in the manor (and becomes owner after the war); Peter Vaughan as Stevens' elderly father, and Hugh Grant as Darlington's nephew.<p>Location shots are sumptuous, from the grand interiors of Darlington Hall to the English countryside. This is a film I enjoy seeing over and over.
Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson.  Simply wonderful.<p>Much is said about what people do, what is included, how much you're gonna get.  Sometimes, the key is what is NOT there.  In this case, the performances are not over the top.  They are intense, but in a subtle way; they're understated.<p>My favorite scene is when Ms. Kenton (Thompson) wants to find out what Stevens (Hopkins) is reading on his day off.  The water comes to a boil in that scene but in a quiet, almost playful way.<p>The irony of Stevens is that he seems to be in total control of himself, when the truth is he's really very highly influenced by others.  Kenton obviously pushes his buttons in more ways than one.  He's made to see the light by his nephew, played by Hugh Grant, tho he doens't let on.  Remains is definitely a great study in fully developed characters.  Stevens reminds me of my father and to a large degree myself.  He internalizes much, not wanting to really say what he feels deep down inside.  Ultimately it all comes out anyway.  The truth WILL set you free.
When women talk to me about romance they usually mention a bunch of fantasy based bunk (in lieu of a more vulgar description).  What I would like to ask them is whether or not they have seen Remains of the Day.  This fine film is a beautiful yet tragic love story.  Unrequited love to the max.  What makes it particulary tragic is that a love so deeply felt by both parties had no legitimate reason to be denied.  The scene in Mr. Stevens' study where Miss Kenton inquiries about the book that Mr. Stevens is reading is... in my mind incredibly romantic.  Beautifully acted and flawlessly filmed especially in the way that the camera starts out at a distance and ever so slowly becomes a close up.<p>At the core of this film is how adherence to tradition and certain principles although oft times admirable can certainly have tragic consequences.<p>A film of the highest order.  Not to be missed.
These characters are so incredibly  real... you've met them before... shy and reserved, but respectful and full of love in their hearts. One is brave enough to peek out of the veil of shyness but the other is not... locking  themselves away in lonlieness and isolation when they could have true  happiness.<p>Hopkins is the head butler in a stately mansion where he is  the butler's butler. It is a job he takes more seriously than most  presidents have probably taken their jobs. He is the consumate professional  and expects the same from his fellow servants in the manor. Emma Thompson  is the head housekeeper who threatens to steal Hopkin's heart, if he'll  only let her.<p>While there a couple of light-hearted moments to break the  tension, this isn't a &quot;feel-good&quot; film and definitely not a  &quot;pick-me-up&quot; if you're depressed.  This is a superbly acted,  filmed and directed masterpiece of the cinema.  This is a must-see if you  like good film, a good story, great acting and characters you'll never  forget. The film will also make you look at yourself and recognize  opportunities lost.
Before I say anything else about Remains of the Day, I have to comment on what struck me most about the film - how it is paced.  This might seem like a fairly unimportant attribute of a film, but in Remains of the Day, the  flow of the film borders on perfect.  The direction glides along  effortlessly, with excellent editing and camerawork to boot.  Not once did  I feel a scene lingered to long, or was cut short.  The movie's content  matters, too, of course, and it is wonderful.  Hopkins and Thompson are  fantastic, and their relationship is one of the most involving and  heartbreaking I've ever scene of film.  The subplot concerning James Fox's  character's flirtations with foreign policy in the darkest of times is also  fascinating, and Ivory does a great job of giving all of the those scenes  an eerily grand, yet hopeless atmosphere.  After the film was over, I was  left subdued and contemplative, and, even with all of the repressed  emotions and tragic choices that inhabited the landscape of the picture,  longed for the haunting world it portrayed.  I know I'm in the minority,  but I believe this film is superior to Schinder's List. It would have won  best picture in almost any other year.
This is a seamless, beautifully shaped movie that grabs you from the moment it begins and holds you captivated to the end. Anthony Hopkins is wonderful as the repressed butler and Emma Thompson never better as the  housekeeper.  The tension between them is almost unbearable and no matter  how many times you see it, you still believe it's possible they might...  well, you'll have to see it. And if you can't, go one better and read the  book.
This is a great movie, as most viewers agree. It is based on an equally great novel, by kazuo Ishiguro. I saw the movie when it first came out (back in the 90s,) and was really moved by it. A decade or so years later, last year, I read the novel, and thought the novel was just outstanding, a masterpiece of writing, impactful, delivering its goods in an airtight form, not a sentence too many or too few. Now, recently I watched the movie again, and saw so much more in it, mainly because of having read the novel. It is really a fine movie and a very good adaptation of the novel, without too much variance from the book. But the book is more centered on Mr. Stevens. The movie brings out more of the background material, which is marvelous, but at the expense of losing focus on Mr. Stevens, a little bit. An amazing piece of movie making. This movie is a work of art in its own right. Both are just great literature. Highly recommend.
This is a wonderful film.  Hopkins performance is a study in measured, method acting..it's one of the best performances I have ever seen on film. The character is so structured and duty bound, he misses his one chance at happiness, it's tragic and heartbreaking.  The score is dead on and the movie perfectly captures the arrogance of the English aristocracy preceding World War II.  The movie shows the way the classes interacted, and for an American, like me, this is fascinating..and so foreign.  This DVD has some nice extra's especially the deleted scenes.  This is my personal favorite of the great Merchant-Ivory collaboration, though Howards End and Room With a View are great as well.
I've finally bought this film on DVD and after only my second second viewing, the first being back in '94 on video, this film still captures a period in England before the second World War when nobles propped up their idiocy by assuming they knew what was best for all. Their deeds were their much welcomed downfall. It's sometimes too easy to sympathize with them and their glorious lives with the best of food, lodging, decor and other trappings and traditions laced with refinement, but their need to retain it by working in misguided and criminal collusion with the Nazis was deplorable. To be fair few of the countries dragged into the war acted with any sense of real responsibility. Germany's war debt for their part in the WWI was absurdly high, impossible for them to pay.<br />Many would argue that so I'll move on.<br />The way this film exudes with that sense of inevitable transition even in the cloistered and sheltered halls of the Darlington estate is the true charm of this film. Anthony Hopkin's portrayal of the professionally restrained gentleman's gentleman is the perfect study of how driven ideals will bring about the worst results for that individual. He's glib, petty, and at times seemingly heartless, that is, until you see him use some odd but small tic when you realize there's a man under that granite resolve. Even his seemingly trite denial and glib attitude toward some of the other servants is exposed as a defense mechanism. He even exposes himself in some moments when he clearly has not considered the best course of action to take like his initial reaction to his father's grave situation and that moment in his quarters with the persistent Miss Kenton (played incredibly by Emma Thompson) wanting to know what he's reading. That moment is so tense with promise, with hope that his armor will fall, but he plays it too coy, too masterfully as if to shame her even while regretting it, and yet not acknowledging it. He draws her in on purpose only to allow the moment's promise to fail him. That scene always makes me want to rattle his cage.<br />I could go on but all I want to say is everyone in this film delivers better than just fine performances. It's history and drama at it's best. As Mr. Steven's life unfolds, so do the small chinks in his armor. They may never become large, life changing kinks, but they are there and for anyone watching closely enough they reveal a man very much straining to hold himself together for reasons no longer clear even to him.
Epic DVD with a lot of actors and filmmakers at the top of their games here. Who would have thought one of the greatest films ever made would center around a butler? Mr. Belvedere had a pretty good run at it on the television so I guess it's not too much of a stretch but I am astonished by how great this film is and by how much it continues to grow on me. By the time I am a 90-year-old I think this will still be a film that will feel relevant to me. Also check out Guy Ritchie's more recent film Rock 'N Rolla for a nice little nod to this film (there's a guy watching it in his SUV during a scene). Don't miss this one though.
Based on the novel by Kazuo Ishiguro ,this film is an atmospheric wonder. Anthony Hopkins gives arguably his best performance as the head butler in an English estate house during the 1930s. His dedication to his duty to Lord Darlington of the manor is demonstrated by his indifference to almost anything concerning his own personal life. As WWII approaches and his employer is involved in some dubious diplomacy with the Nazi regime he runs the house with an eye to old world efficiency even though to the viewer that old world order is clearly dying. Hopkins is flawless in his portrayal. Almost equally matching his performance is that of Emma Thompson who joins the staff as the head housekeeper.<br />This is a period drama that moves along at a literary pace and some may find sections of the film slow. I did not and enjoyed the performances as much as I enjoyed the writing and beautiful cinematography.
The book and this movie are complimentary.  Anthony Hopkins nailed the part, as did Emma Thompson.  However, it is Hopkins character that is the lead and from whose vantage point the story in told.<br /><br />Check my review of the book by the same name to find out more details as to the story line.<br /><br />Get both the book and the movie.  Watch the movie first and then read the book.  The book is narrative and having Hopkins voice in your mind while you read enhances the enjoyment.
You can pretty much copy and paste my review for `Howards End' here and call it a day since my feelings for both films is pretty much identical.  Both films possess this air of elegance that just engulfs every scene and creates this strength and profound character.  I may prefer this film `slightly' but really, both films are just utterly brilliant, and effortlessly so.  I think that is what is so spellbinding about these two movies, they are effortless.  There is no sign of overreaching or forced gracefulness.  Every single frame floats by with a restrained tension that just uplifts the entire film and delivers a beautiful piece of art to our eyes and ears, and most importantly, our hearts.<br /><br />Consider this film perfection.<br /><br />The story told here is of a butler and housekeeper in England as World War II is looming over the shoulders of everyone around.  The film is basically a brooding study of human loyalties and the longing for a feeling of accomplishment.  Stevens, the butler, is a man filled with repressed emotions because of his determination to do his job perfectly.  He restricts himself, making many sacrifices in order to hold onto the feeling of control and pride.  It's not a selfish or a detrimental pride (at least not detrimental in the usual sense) but a pride that comes from being able to say you have done something to the best of your ability.  His relationship with the headstrong and rather liberal Miss Kenton tests his viewpoint and his methods.<br /><br />Draped in luscious scenery and woven tightly into a profound and provocative storyline, `The Remains of the Day' will remain in your soul.<br /><br />It lingers.<br /><br />The film is propelled marvelously by the two leads, Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson.  Hopkins in particular is just brilliant here, showcasing his characters inner emotional frustration as he makes himself the proper representation of loyal service.  It's a gargantuan on a performance, a pure tour-de-force that had no business losing the Oscar to Tom Hanks' hammy gimmick in `Philadelphia'.  In fact, if it wasn't for Russell Crowe delivering one of the most fearlessly committed performances I've ever seen in `Romper Stomper', I'd give Hopkins my personal award for this.  Thompson matches him with so much heart, warmth and spirit.  I struggle with category placement with her (she totally supports him, but she needs no support herself) but either way, she is sublime.<br /><br />They really NEED to do another movie together!<br /><br />If you haven't had the pleasure of seeing this (or the splendid `Howards End') I highly, HIGHLY recommend you seek them out this instant.  They are beautiful films that match their internal composition with richly organic performances and sumptuous scenery that just begs to be seen and worshiped.<br /><br />These are better than modern masterpieces, they are modern miracles!
The beauty of Remains of the Day can not be overstated. The photography and art direction were superb in every way. The camera is usually at eye level in most shots, giving the film some intimacy within a great beautiful country home.<br /><br />The film is based on the novel by Kazuo Ishiguro, a talented master of the understated and unsaid. Anthony Hopkins plays his best role in this film because so much of the acting depends on what is controlled and not said, yet conveyed through subtle movements of the eye or shoulders or head. Hopkins plays Mr. Stevens, the head butler of a large wealthy country estate in rural England. He is the model of organization and forethought. Yet in this job he is so focused on this duty that he ignores the forces around him that call him into participation in the human experience. Notice Mr. Steven's reactions when he hears of the death of his father. Notice Mr. Steven's reactions when an upper class diplomat asks him esoteric foreign policy questions to demonstrate that the lower classes do not understand diplomacy.  A third amazing example of perfectly controlled acting is when Miss Kenton, the housekeeper, tells Mr. Stevens that she and her new boyfriend make jokes about how he sprinkles pepper on his food. In all these examples Hopkins shows us how deeply repressed emotion still reveals itself even when no overt emotion is demonstrated.<br /><br />Into this world of rigid control, his employer hires a new housekeeper, Miss Kenton, played to perfection by Emma Thompson. The film is a rare treat in that two of the most talented artists of the acting arts are paired together in a range of situations and emotional responses. Miss Kenton and Mr. Stevens have a range of struggles and power fights as they get to know each other, but eventually they warm to each other and Miss Kenton begins to try to break the icy veneer of professionalism and emotional distance that cover Mr. Stevens. She tries but his reluctance to engage at an intimate and emotional level stop the relationship/friendship from growing or moving forward.  In contrast to the slow moving sterile relationship of Mr. Stevens and Miss Kenton, Charlie the head footman, and Abigail, a housemaid, have fallen passionately in love with each other and plan to marry even though they have no resources or prospects other than their love. Emma Thompson tries to council Abigail but realizes that in some ways Abigail and Charlie are right. Charlie is well played by Ben Chaplin and Abigail is played well by Abigail Hopkins.<br /><br />It is not only his personal life where Mr. Stevens coolly represses vital signs. His employer, Lord Darlington, played well by James Fox, is a German sympathizer who feels that the Treaty of Versailles conditions were unfair to Germany and set Germany up for political turmoil. He continues to be a German apologist for the 10 years leading up to the war, connecting Germans with German sympathizers. Lord Darlington's godson, played by Hugh Grant, is a young reporter who is able to penetrate the work of the upper class British aristocrats who were German sympathizers. Gradually, and carefully, the film takes the viewer from the point where we understand and sympathize with Lord Darlington's concern for Germany to the point where the Nazi dominance makes support impossible for any sensible thoughtful person. The sympathizers remain sympathetic too long and thus border on treason and infamy. In the early stages of this process, Congressman Lewis from the USA, played by Christopher Reeve, participates in early discussions around diplomatic relationships with Germany but warns the English gentlemen that they were playing a diplomatic game best played by professional diplomats.<br /><br />Mr. Stevens represses his own emotions and his own critical judgment too long and too much, thus leaving us with a sad conclusion to a life not fully lived. The film captures the complexity of a life unlived, a rare feat.
I won't try to ring any novel changes on the extravagant praise and clever insights that a multitude of other reviewers have expressed over this wonderful movie.  I'll just say - flat out - that this is one of the saddest, most bittersweet films ever made - and likely the best-ever portrayal of the sorrows of "what might have been."  Been there. Done that.
Yes, there remained a day to spend together after 20 years for neither of Miss Kenton nor Mr. Stevens could tell the love they felt for each other openly those many years ago. They could not tell it then and it was already late to do so when they met the one last time. One gets the feeling that they would have had a happier life if they have done so when what prevented them at the time was a deep love for his work on Mr Steven's behalf and maybe a womanly pride on Miss Kenton's behalf. Maybe also her love for her work. I felt she was maybe getting revenge while marrying another man in front of the eyes of the man she loves, or urging Mr. Stevens to open his feelings. She might have felt an urge to get married as well. I think this is a story of how people can sacrifice their love for other things they find pride in. Regardless of this is right or wrong, I wish I could have seen them happier by the end of the movie...
Z hayes "myrradine" below kind of nailed the coffin shut on reviews for this tremendous work of exceptional purity. I HIGHLY disagree with anyone that thinks the screenplay was not keeping true to the book. In fact, as "myrradine" states below, it's even better than the original work. I concur.<br /><br />This truly shows what one can masterfully do with a book. Take an exceptional director like Merchant Ivory, with the "raw" talent of Hopkins and the exceptional pure realism of someone like gorgeous Emma Thompson, and you have what movie making should be about: timely, percise, flowing and elequont.<br /><br />I can clearly see how many people would find this very dull and boring, but there are very few films that can utterly show you the pinnacle of the craft. Remains of the Day is clearly that type of movie.<br /><br />Without a doubt five stars in every direction.<br /><br />(ok so I lied z. hayes, I did one anyway)  :)
Have just become a fan of Merchant Ivory films and think this must be their best.  Excellent performances by everyone in the film, excellent cinema photography, excellent screenplay.  Have been watching it over and over and over and still am not bored.
Kazuo Ishiguro's The Remains of the Day was a masterpiece, and yet this movie adaptation is not only faithful to the novel, but in my opinion outshines the book. One reason is the excellent casting. Sir Anthony Hopkins plays the by-the-book butler whose icy demeanor actually belies a fondness and even love for his efficient and charming housekeeper, played excellently by Emma Thompson. His insistence on decorum and adherence to the politics of the houselhold cause him to refrain from ever proclaiming his true feelings for his housekeeper, and so also goes his chance of personal happiness. Fast forward years later, and the aging Hopkins now has a new master, an American [played by Christopher Reeve]...he has the opportunity of engaging a new housekeeper, and thinks of his old housekeeper...but things are not as easy as he believes...and whether he gets to rectify his past mistakes makes up the rest of the story. A well-told tale of love lost, and also a good movie that provides a glimpse of politics in England during a time when Germany was rising in power.
Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson give wonderful performances deep with conviction and stoic realism of repressed emotions. At times this film is heartbreakingly difficult to watch. You can only anticipate how the characters would interact and react from the viewer's perspective and wish fulfillment. At times this is a frustrating film to watch. However, our place in life is sometimes predestined. There is a cruel and bitter lesson to be learned or perhaps unlearned here.
"Remains of the Day" is perhaps the quintessential Merchant-Ivory production.  Their films are models of British gentility - period pictures with handsome actors wearing tuxedoes in elaborate mansions.  With Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson reunited (after the fine "Howard's End") and a fine supporting cast including James Fox, Hugh Grant and Christopher Reeve, "Remains of the Day" SHOULD be something special, and it is.<br /><br />Hopkins plays Stevens, the head Butler of Darlington Manor, and a household so large that it employs a small army of cooks, footmen, under butlers and other servants.  Early in the film he hires Thompson's Miss Kenton as head housekeeper.  Stevens and Miss Kenton are consummate professionals - always on time, always reliable, and they lead the house staff keeping Darlington Manor looking like a museum.<br /><br /> But Darlington Manor is not a museum.  It is the home of Lord Darlington, an English gentleman who saw German friends suffer and lose their shirt because of harsh penalties imposed on Germany after the First World War.  Lord Darlington is determined as a man of honor to see that Germany gets a fair shake in rebuilding their country, even as the specter of Hitler grows and threatens the remainder of Europe.<br /><br /> The film elegantly portrays the parallel tragedies of Lord Darlington and his blindly loyal butler.  In retrospect it is easy to see how flawed Lord Darlington was to support Germany without question.  It is more difficult to fully appreciate Stevens' tragedies - first in loyally supporting Lord Darlington while he misguidedly directed England towards German acceptance, and secondly in placing all of his private life behind his devotion to duty.<br /><br /> Stevens and Miss Kenton meet and maneuver and pirouette through Darlington Manor, each becoming more attracted to the other in their own way.  But while Miss Kenton is a kind-hearted woman eager to love and be loved, Stevens has let his professional ability to "not get involved" spill over to his personal life.  Despite his wishes and his repressed yet obvious affection for Miss Kenton, he maintains a respectful distance, resulting in his cruelest tragedy of all - breaking Miss Kenton's heart and, due to his inaction, his own.<br /><br /> "Remains of the Day" is a movie set before and after World War II, but it is not a "War" picture.  It is a movie to be appreciated by those who would be as interested in the back-door meetings of diplomats and ambassadors as in the soldier in the trenches.  Perhaps in that way it would be a perfect compliment to a film such as "Saving Private Ryan".<br /><br /> For fans of Sir Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson or Merchant-Ivory films, I can't recommend it more highly.
"Dignity in Remains of the day "  by Shahzada Gofran<p>An American mother lost four out of five of her sons at war in Vietnam during 1954. Yet her head is as high as Mount Everest with patriotic dignity. But it's not the same dignity that we see in Stevens's life depicted on both in Kazuo Ishiguro's novel and James Ivory's film Remains of the day. It is Stevens' dignity that provokes questions to the readers and the viewers mind. It poses them to ponder what dignity actually means in life when they read or watch the film. Stevens (Anthony Hopkins) is the protagonist whose dormant feelings and self-indulgence have been suppressed by the concept of "dignity" that he cherished with profound delicacy throughout his service life at Darlington hall. But unfortunately, that "dignity" has brought little meaning and many unhappy moments in his life. His dignity has existed like a mist in a winter morning that goes away in the glare of a dazzling sun. Nearly at the end of the novel and also in the film, the viewers get to see how dignity plays a treacherous role in Stevens's life. Nevertheless, the film did an excellent job in changing some scenes to emphasize and show dignity that is so ingrained in Stevens' life. Although the book has a greater detail of events than it is in the film, the director kept the central themes congruent. <p>In the realm of modernism and capitalism, the English aristocracy and the formality of a butler's profession remain as an interesting story, but not as a pervasive manner of lifestyle for today's' generation. The modernism, individuality, and freedom of expression took over the habitual human thinking that was existed during the Darlington's era. Generally ordinary citizens have little right to express their opinions on issues of politics. The English colonialism and their mannerism have also had an impact on the people during that time. According to Bert Cardullo" the elegiac representation of the British imperialism and celebrates its heyday by depicting a return to the practice of social hierarchy"(The servant,1). We also have seen in the movie that the international delegates are so secluded from the touch of the ordinary people. However, one may argue though that the impact of Modernism we have seen in Remains of the day would shape and mold the English civilization gradually rather than occurring as a revolution. There were people during the Darlington era who also have similar mannerism and modern thinking as today. For example Miss Kenton who believed on her opinions and has the dignity of choosing for her own as oppose to Stevens. She opposed the idea of firing those Jews servants and she chooses to marry and quite the job for her own happiness that was impossible for Stevens. For her it is the confidence in what she values has the high dignity and self esteem just as we would in today generation.  <p>The dignity is a quintessential idea in the novel. In the film it is undeniably repeated many times in order to simply establish the importance of it to the readers and the viewers of Remains of the day.  The idea of dignity here has revolved around from the perspective of professional success and achievements. But both Stevens and his father have been a merciless victim of "dignity". Stevens father also suppressed his feeling for dignity. He served indifferently to the general even though his son died in war because of his absurd decision ( the remains of the day).  But the dignity is nothing but merely a product of social and traditional legacy passed on to the so-called English gentleman's society, which was an impediment to the growth of individuality. <p>Nonetheless, dignity is not a valuable security that Stevens had thought about throughout his youth while providing service to Lord Darlington. It is unfolded at the end quite dramatically in his life. Because of the dignity he had lost an opportunity of having an affair with Miss Kenton who is Emma Thompson in the movie. Miss Kenton has implied her interests and feelings to him couple of times and tried to convey her love. Once she was invited to go out for a dinner with Mr. Benn and later proposed to marry him. And when she got back to Darlington, she asked Stevens about his opinion on it. But Stevens remained cold and formal as usual and expressed only congratulation that was inadequate and ignited subtly Miss Kenton's emotional feelings( film- remains of the day). It is his dignity once again that has not only left his life sad and gloomy, but lonely as well. Stevens' dignity was all about Lord Darlington. His satisfaction comes from providing a better service without making silly mistakes. But the honor and dignity put Stevens in an awkward position. According to one of the critiques of the Remains of the day, Jennifer Bussey " what a terrible mistake he realized that he made about both his failed romance with her and his support of Lord Darlington's Nazi sympathies. This may be no more than denial and evasion in Anthony Hopkins' performance, but there is more at work in the novel"(critique on Remains).<p>  Eventually, Steven's remuneration of service to lord Darlington has become a nostalgic memory only. Because of his dignity, he remained with the international congregation and did not go to see his dead father. He even had to keep his identity secrete from the outside world because disclosing his identity and his former employer Darlington would demean his value to the people of England. Essentially, his dignity made him a man who has no room for learning his feelings until the end. The director of the movie James Ivory says "he portrays a kind of butler who does not talk or share opinions, but observes and sees ways to serve the master" (ljlkjljlkj). Thus, his "dignity" and professionalism demolished his life that he could have had throughout his youth. <p>Bibliography <p>Ishiguro, Kazuo:  The Remains of The Day.1989; London.<p>Cardullo, Bert: The servant, Eden-Webster Library. Info Trac One file Plus.<br /><br />Jennifer, Bussey article: critical essay on "The Remains of the Day"<br />&lt;www. http:80-galenet.galegroup.com.library3.webster.edu/servlet/litRC?><p>Ivory, Jmames: Remains of The Day. Colombia Pictures Ltd.
This is a film that is as simple or complex as you want it to be.  It's also, for what it's worth, my favourite movie.  Top of the list.<p>Watch it for the delicious, charged, complicated love story between butler and housekeeper.  Or watch for the incredible detail in recreating an era long gone.  Watch for a reminder of the political ambiguities during the lead-up to the Second World War, or its startlingly thought-provoking study of the British class system.<p>Just, for Pete's sake ... watch it.<p>Anthony Hopkins is at the top of his game as James Stevens, the devoted butler to Lord Darlington.  Emma Thompson, accordingly, raises her own game and turns in a fabulous performance as Miss Kenton, the housekeeper.  The two of them together are quite brilliant; volatile, incendiary, heart-breaking.<p>As the author of the novel from which this screenplay was adapted, Kazuo Ishiguro, observes during an interview on the DVD extras: this is a story about the ways we can waste our lives.  Politically, professionally, romantically ... each strand of story adheres to the theme, so don't expect to be cheering wildly as Our Hero and Heroine stroll off into the sunset just before the credits roll.<p>Thing is - the story is perfect as it is.  It wouldn't mean anything, any other way.<p>(And having mentioned the DVD extras once, I must also say - the commentary for this movie, featuring Messrs. Merchant and Ivory, and Ms Thompson, is one of the most entertaining I've ever heard.)<p>With swelling score, impeccable direction, an ensemble without a weak link and a story which offers insight, humour and poignancy, 'The Remains of the Day' is up there with the best of them.  Enjoy.
One of my all time favorite films is THE REMAINS OF THE DAY. It is the perfect love story in which two individuals are not able to truly express their feelings for each other and both end up frustrated and haunted by what could have been.<br />The DVD is full of special features. One of these features was three deleted scenes. Although the scenes were good, I would have liked to have seen more. I suppose this desire is based on some sort of hope that some alternate ending scenes were filmed that show the two characters expressing their emotions and acting on what they really feel.<br />In addition to the deleted scenes are some wonderful &quot;behind the scenes featurettes&quot; or &quot;making of documentaries&quot; in which many of the principal people involved in the film discuss the filming and the story. These include those behind the camera as well as the actors and writer of the book on which the film was based.<br />One great part of the DVD is the commentary provided by the Merchant Ivory team of two who made the film as well as Emma Thompson who starred as the female lead, Miss Kenton. They talk throughtout the film and are very interesting in their comments. One person who is missed in a big way on the commentary is Anthony Hopkins who starred as the male lead, Mr. Stephens.<br />One interesting comment was made on the commentary about a Columbia executive who saw the film before its release. When he saw the ending of the film and realized that the two would not be confessing and acting on their love, he commented about the millions of dollars that would be lost in the theaters.<br />I have to say that I agree. Although the movie is wonderful and is about missed opportunity and consequences of the wrong choices in life, the film would have been a wonderful love story had the two characters realized and acted on their emotions. What a love story that would have been. It is too bad no alternate ending was ever available.<br />One interesting thing mentioned by Emma Thompson on the commentary was that she kept a diary during the filming. Wouldn't that be an interesting read? Its publication would have made a wonderful companion piece to the DVD.<br />Hopefully, we will see Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson work together again in the future. It has been a long time since their collaboration on HOWARD'S END and THE REMAINS OF THE DAY.<br />If you want to see Anthony Hopkins in a love story with a like theme, check out SHADOWLANDS. It also stars Debra Winger and is a great story of repressed love and emotions. Only in that film, feelings are expressed and realized and the film is based on a true story.
With brilliant actors, a truly genius director and breathtaking scenery, &quot;Remains of the Day&quot; does not disappoint. A wonderful, if not so very sad story shines in this movie and is not butchered by this piece. But with all the sadness in the storyline, the movie is able to entertain you without leaving you reaching for Prozac. Understated and dark, one of the biggest surprises was not the deep feeling of the piece, but the sparkling gems of humor dispersed in the film. This movie made me laugh out loud, but more often it made me cry at the bitterness of this story's message. In this bittersweet love story, Hopkins flawlessly portrays a butler who is so out of touch with life that he lets the love of his life slip through his fingers. His performance was so breathtaking, as was Thompson's performance. I recommend this movie to any admirer of either actor, or of the director's flawless and (often depressing) style and genius. If you do not want to see a real think-piece that will made you cry at its sheer beauty and devastating truth, don't bother with &quot;Remains of the Day.&quot; But if you enjoy dark pieces full of artistic merit look into this film, which is genuinely worthy of being in the same class as &quot;Howard's End&quot; and &quot;Wings of the Dove.&quot;
If you're sick of Hollywood's pathetic excuses for love stories, then this film is for you.<br />First of all, the actors.  Anthony Hopkins gives a performance that is just so unbelievably real that you completely connect with his character from the beginning, even though you're simply yelling at him the whole time.  Emma Thompson, not only the most gorgeous actress alive (save Robia LaMorte), but her subtle gestures and soft yet strong tone intrigues the viewer into falling in love with her character.  No other actors could have pulled off these roles.  The supporting cast also does a terrific job: Christopher Reeve, Hugh Grant, James Fox, and Peter Vaughn are all marvelous as their extremely subtle characters.  That's what this entire film is about--subtlety.  That leads us to the director James Ivory.  Either critically praised to the highest extreme or lambasted as an amateur and a slave to old-fashioned cliches, Ivory has a long and respectable trend of films made with his production partner Ismail Merchant.  In this particular film, Ivory is sure to keep everything minimal.  There are long passages with no dialogue and sometimes even no score.  Everything is hidden from the viewer; from the character's feelings to the workings of Lord Darlington, nothing is fully revealed to us.  That is where this film's beauty lies--within the viewer.  It so strongly urges the viewer to participate and to contemplate and to search and to ask.  Perhaps it's only for those who have experienced torturous relationships, and that's why I like it so much.  All I know is that this film is FLAWLESS.  The music (dark), the acting (shockingly realistic), the cinematography (gloomy), the script (compelling), the direction (suspenseful), the production values (absolutely gorgeous design); every aspect of this film contributes to an overall MASTERPIECE, that may someday get the credit it deserves.
An extraordinary film, The Remains of the Day, brings to the screen the story of an English butler, during the interwar period (and after), whose loyalty, devotion and integrity surpass all known human limitations.<br /><br />It is a film about human relations, love, hope and inner strength, but most importantly about honor, duty, and loyalty; qualities that sadly seem to have vanished from every day life.<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins, Emma Thompson, Christopher Reeves, and the rest of the cast, have truly outdone themselves with their performances, which are outstanding to say the least!  All the actors, without exceptions, give it their 100% and it really shows (the chemistry is AMAZING)! Very well written and very well presented, it allows for a highly entertaining movie that can be watched over and over again!<br /><br />The setting, the plot, the dialogues and the music are all wonderful!<br /><br />In short, The Remains of the Day is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection!
Love or Loyalty<br /><br /> Kuldip Kumar Garhwal<br /><br /> When we talk about Love, don't we think about two persons love towards each other with loyalty? Love and loyalty are interrelated. The pillars of love are made by the bricks of loyalty. Love and Loyalty go together. But it is not true in the case of The Remains of the Day by Kazuo Ishiguro. Mr. Steven is loyal towards Lord Darlington and he loves Miss. Kenton, but if he gives more weight to love, he won't be able to be loyal to Lord Darlington because "Steven thinks that such abandonment of a professional post for marriage is irritating and thoroughly unprofessional." (Spark Notes 1)<br /><br /> In The Remains of the Day there are two stories going on, first the love between Stevens and Kenton; and second the loyalty of Stevens towards Lord Darlington. In real life love and loyalty go on collectively. For example marriages fall apart if there is no loyalty between partners. In The Remains of the Day love and loyalty does not go hand-in-hand, because if Stevens loves Kenton and wants to marry her, he cannot keep up with his position of well-contended-service towards Lord Darlington. That is because if Stevens wants to continue with his love life he has to leave his current job as a butler at Darlington Hall and which will prove him to be disloyal towards Lord Darlington. "In the totality of his professional commitment, Stevens fails to pursue the one woman with whom he could have had a fulfilling and a loving relationship. His rim mask of formality cuts him off intimacy, companionship, and understanding." (Plot Overview)<br /><br /> Stevens values dignity, loyalty & respect more than love. He believes that love & loyalty cannot go together. It's not only Stevens who value this but other people from the same era also believe in this concept. Take the example of Mr. Benn, who was also a butler, he resigned from his job and went to some other city to start a new life, when he found out that he loves Kenton and they would like to marry each other.<br /><br /> Stevens believed in 'dignity in keeping with his position'. He talks about dignity throughout his narration. What does that 'keeping with his position' means? In Steven's context it basically means to be loyal to his Lord Darlington. Now if Steven loves Miss. Kenton he will not be able to keep up with his current position as a butler of Darlington Hall and therefore he cannot continue being loyal to Lord Darlington. Loyalty comes in the way of Stevens love life and he chooses loyalty as he values the quality of being worthy of esteem or respect.<br /><br /> "Butlers cannot choose whether or not to react to any given situation; they are always expected to repress their own feelings." (Spark Notes 2) Stevens follows this rule of gentlemen of stature, and which is why he never expressed his own feeling towards almost anything in general except in his area of expertise, which is taking care of the household. But this does not mean that Stevens did not love Kenton. Stevens loved Kenton a lot but could not express his feeling towards her because of loyalty. "Despite the fact that the two frequently disagree over various household affairs when they work together, the disagreements are childish in nature and mainly serve to illustrate the fact that they two care for each other." (Plot Overview) There are many incidents in the story where Stevens and Kenton disagree over each others decisions or opinions, and most of them were not even worth quarrelling, which show a "notable relationship by far, however, is his long-term working relationship with Kenton." (Plot Overview)<br /><br /> Steven loves his father also but does not put it down in actions or words. "Stevens says that he will come up and see his father in a little while, but that his father would have wanted him to take care of his duties as a butler first." (Spark Notes 1) Steven knows that even his father would want him to do his duties towards his master first. Again loyalty comes in way of love between father and son.<br /><br /> John Rothfork, a critic, says, "For most of The Remains of the Day, Stevens feels that his tragic and wasted life resulted from mistaken loyalty, so that if he had backed a different horse or had played different cards, he would have been a winner instead a loser." (John Rothfork) There are two scenes in the movie which I really liked, and they are the best examples of Stevens putting forward his loyalty and backing up with his love. Scene one is when Kenton caught Stevens reading a romantic novel, the room has a dim lighting to create a romantic atmosphere. In this scene Kenton and Steven get so close, which calls for a kiss to express love, but Steven played a "different card" by staying silent. Scene is two is when Steven goes to fetch a bottle of alcohol from the cellar for the dignitaries. After Steven return from the cellar, he hears the sound of tears from Kenton's room, so he slowly opens the door and go inside the room, and he finds that Kenton is crying. Instead of sympathizing Kenton, Steven told her about some dust which she should clean. This shows again that how Steven respects loyalty more than his love. But still there is love existing here, because if Stevens would not care about Kenton, he would not have entered the room.<br /><br /> Steven goes all the way to Cleveland to see Kenton, from outside he pretends that he is going to hire a Kenton as a housekeeper at Darlington Hall, but from inside he is more interested in seeing her, as they have not met from the last twenty years. "Although it might appear that end of the novel leaves Stevens a wreck, regretfully cynical of his misplaced trust, this is not the case. Stevens talks about hoping 'to make the best of what remains of my day,' in a tone that is not glum." (John Rothfork) Steven wants to lead his remains of day serving his new employer the way he (new employer) wants it to be. So Steven is trying to learn the language of "bantering" to please his new employer and being loyal to him.<br /><br /> _____________________________________________<br /><br /> Citation<br /><br /> 1. Spark Note 1, Summary, Day Two-Morning / Salisbury,<br /><br /> 2. Spark Note 2, Analysis, Day One-Evening / Salisbury,<br /><br /> 3. Plot Overview, Spark Notes,<br /><br /> 4. John Rothfork, "Zen Comedy in Postcolonial Literature: Kazuo Ishiguro's The Remains of the Day," In Mosaic, Vol. 29, No.1, March 1996, pp. 79-102. Reprinted in Novels for Students, Vol. 13.<br /><br /> _____________________________________________<br /><br /> Kuldip Kumar Garhwal<br /><br /> Undergraduate<br /><br /> Webster University Thailand<br /><br /> Email: vitkul@hotmail.com, garhwalk@webster.ac.th<br /><br /> Website: http://www.geocities.com/vitkul<br /><br /> This paper was written for 'Literature into films' course taught by Eric Sysak in Summer 2004.
Fast delivery. Loved this movie. Not Anthony Hopkins usual role but he did an excellent job. He is an amazing actor. A movie you could see more than once.
When I first read the public library's copy of the book, I was amazed by the matter-of-fact prose about an English butler that developed into one of the most touching, hauntingly beautiful love stories I've ever read and right away I bought one for my personal collection, normally composed of poetry and crime novels! 20 years later, when re-reading my book, I wondered whether it might have been turned into a movie -checked Amazon.com - and now I'm the happy owner of this masterpiece transformed into an equally beautiful DVD starring Anthony Hopkins, versatile enough to handle the role of a butler in the home of one of the principals in UK government during the times heading into World War I.
This is a great movie to watch in sections.  There is an onslaught of beautiful scene after beautiful scene with subtle brilliance by Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson shining through.  The dynamic created by their characters is spectacular.  Anthony Hopkins does a better job in this movie than I have ever scene of someone remaining stoic in the face of situations that would rock anyone to his/her emotional core.  His character is constantly hiding from everyone including himself.  It really is a unique, stellar performance.  Watch this film.  You will not regret it.<br /><br />The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is because the movie feels just a little bit long (but if you watch it in sections it goes very smoothly).
There is just something about this movie.  It is one that you either love or hate, be bored with or sucked in by, one that will make you think about it and the feeling you're left with long after it's over or one you'll never remembering seeing.<br /><br />For me, it was all the best things.<br /><br />It's a movie that those of us who have reached a certain age can truly sympathize with on a gut level ..how many of us grow older and often think about missed opportunities, realizing one day that all the chances of fulfilling the dreams you had as girl (or boy) have long passed and are never coming true...and that even second chances don't always pan out the way we want them too...<br /><br />Herein lies the cruel fate of our heroine, Ms. Kenton.<br /><br />The movie for me, as a woman, is about Ms. Kenton and the choices she made, along with the ones she didn't, but perhaps should have.<br /><br />As you travel through the movie, you are hopeful that Stevens has realized what he lost and is willing to step out of his comfort zone and crippling fear to finally live his life and confess his love for Ms. Kenton when they meet again.<br /><br />But Stevens is so far gone that he can only imagine his life with ms. Kenton if she is back under the roof of Darlington Hall, where the salvation of safety and security lie.  But due to recent circumstances, this cannot be, and so he retreats back into his solitary world leaving Ms. Kenton alone once again.<br /><br />There are 2 last scenes for me in this movie.  The first,  Ms. Kenton crying as the bus pulls away from Stevens, taking with it all her unfulfilled dreams.<br /><br />And then there are the last moments of the film.  And it is here I go back to my opening paragraph about how you will either get this movie or you won't.<br /><br />The Trapped Pigeon<br />For me, it represented all who came and went through doors of Darlington Hall.<br />In the end, Stevens helps push the bird out of the house, aiding in it's escape, something he was never able to do for himself.<br /><br />But Ms. Kenton escaped -  a scary and uncertain flight it was,  but one that is necessary in life.<br /><br />True, the risk pays off for some and not for others, but we can't just stand still; we have to move on, even though we may not end up in the place we had wished for in the dreams of our youth.
this justifiably lauded trio of writer RUTH PRAWER JHABVALA , director JAMES IVORY and producer ISMAIL MERCHANT were a remarkable collabrative team . others here have done an extremely good job of explaining this magnificent film and its' many insights , observations and meaning . the gifted ensemble of actors does the equally remarkable feat of breathing life into this outstanding material . nothing left to do but add my vote and direct you to "HOWARD'S END" for more of the same . brilliant and stunning as great literature .
Remains of the Day is a exquisitely enlightening film of love and hate.  It abounds in subtle, muted, deep emotions.<br /><br />Both Anthony Hopkins as Stevens, a repressed English Butler, and Emma Thompson, Miss Kenton, his spirited housekeeper, do outstanding acting performances.  The film is set in the 1930's - just before World War II, on a big English Estate, with many servants.  Lord Darlington (James Fox) is the Estate Owner, who has attached himself to the Nazi cause.  Stevens is his loyal, unwavering Butler who micro-manages, as well as lives to be a slave to his Lord Darlington. Mr Stevens noted, "A man cannot call himself work contented, until he has done all he can, to be of service to his employer."  Mr. Stevens anticipates every need and task.  The estate runs flawlessly.<br /><br />When hiring Miss Kenton as head housekeeper, Stevens emphasizes that he wants no "romantic interests" as it detracts from the service to the well-run estate.  He will not stand for that in her or her underlings.  She agrees.  Despite this, a deep unrequited love, respect and bond develop between her and Stevens.  He hires his failing and aging father at the same time.  Miss Kenton notes the deterioration of his father over a bit of time and makes Stevens face the facts to avoid any future embarrassment.  There is a moment his father falls - and starts to fail rapidly.  There is an important political meeting at the estate, so Stevens must oversee.  His father is dying upstairs.  Miss Kenton attends to his father, and gives him the news his father passed away.  She asks if he would like her to shut his eyes, until Stevens can leave his duties to see his father for the last time.  She does and takes care of details.<br /><br />Hugh Grant and Christopher Reeve are also in this movie as voices hoping to open the eyes of Lord Darlington.  They want him to see his mistake in being loyal to the Nazis and the risks and problems involved.  Stevens does not get involved, his allegiance is to the smooth running of the household.  He sees nor hears anything - nor does he repeat anything that would convey disloyalty to his employer.<br /><br />At one point he has a chance to leave the box he is in.  Miss Kenton gives him the opportunity to profess his feelings, but he is unwavering in his duty to the service of the estate.  Stevens makes his decision to stay and keep his life as it is, even though he loves her.  She leaves and marries another man.<br /><br />Time passes and they reunite for a few hours.  The poignant ending shows deep unfulfilled love.  So heartbreaking.
The Remains of the Day is in my view one of the best films of my lifetime. Anthony Hopkins gives, in my view his best performance (and that's really saying something!). His portrayl of Stevens, the butler of Darlington Hall is just perfect. Of course Emma Thompson's character Miss. Kenton, the unwedded and very available housekeeper make Remains a very interesting watch. The film is really about lost oppertunity, and unfortunately we find that some oppertunities, for love in this case, are truely lost...forever.<br /><br />  The story takes place in 1936,7, and 8 England. Lord darlington, played perfectly by renound british actor James Fox, is part of the group of Englishmen who want to appease Hitler in order to stay out of war. In one scene we see the good lord entertaining PM Nevelle Chamberlin, the head of the appeasement crowd. Darlington also entertains the German ambassator and others to show their support for the new "peaceful" Germany. At one point, there is a international conferance where the reps of the other european countries pledge their support of german rearmiment. The only one there who sees thru the german's smiles and pleasentries is congressman Lewis, played by Christopher Reed. His line"...some prices are too high to pay..." concerning Germany's requests is great.<br /><br />  All the while there is the interaction between Hopkins and Thompson. She practically throws herself at him (in a very suttle English way), and he's too formal and tied up with his work as the butler to take any action in regards to  Thompson. There's even a point where she tells him that she is marrying another man and asks for an early release from her job. Here we see Stevens holding back his sorrow as he congratulates Miss. Kenton on her engagement. The viewer knows Stevens wants to tell her he loves her, but he restrains himself and walks away. The viewer also knows that it would take just one word from Stevens and Miss Kenton would run into his arms. Frustrating.<br />  The years go by, Darlington dies a sad, lonely death, and Mr. Lewis buys Darlington Hall and keeps Stevens on as the head butler. We also see Stevens going to the 'west country' to see Miss Kenton (now Mrs. Benn) in answer to a letter he received from her regarding her failed marriage and wanting to return to service. When they meet again Stevens finds that things have changed . Mrs. Benn's daughter is expecting and she wants to stay near her and the baby, dashing any hopes Stevens might have had about her returning to Darlington Hall with him.<br />  The afternoon is spent with lunch and a stroll thru the town to the boardwalk along the bay. Here they just talk as friends about their lives and it's disappointments without ever revieling their love for one another. Their parting scene is a tear jerker. It takes place is a downpour, (which I just love), at a bus stop very late in the evening. She thanks him for coming up and seeing her. He turns to her and tells her that they may never meet again, and that she should make these remaining years happy ones for her and her daughter. He also apologizes for his 'forwardness' in his remarks. She smiles and shakes her head 'yes'. The bus comes and he walks her to it. They shake hands as she mounts the open doored bus and she says that it was so nice to see him again. As the bus pulls away their hands part. The camera focuses on this hand shake and we see that Stevens has kept his hand extended after the bus has separated them forever. He tips his hat and tells a crying Emma Thompson 'goodbye'. We see Thompson continuing to look towards Hopkins thru the dark, and still crying as the bus rounds the bend. Hopkins returns to his car and just stares into the night. We know at this point he truely realizes his terrible loss.....and we feel for him. Truely tragic......as in real life.<br />  Hopkins returns to Darlington hall and lives out the remainder of his life there. Do they ever meet again? I think not. That would be too fairy tale. The oppertunity was lost and it was lost forever. This film forces us to examine ourselves and perhaps take the steps NOW so we don't follow Steven's path.<br />  A superb film in every way. Buy it. You won't regret it.
I found this dvd to be very interesting,as well as beautiful.The scenery and actors are superb,As a child of WWII survivor's,this really brought home,and to the screen,many of the stories that I have heard,for many ,many years.It made that time in history come alive for me.In many ways we can take those lessons and apply it to ourselves,in our times.I would advise those who are interested in seeing a beautiful well thought out feature with marvelous acting and scenery,and so true to life--this is for you.
I had seen this movie once a long time ago, it seems, and had some warm memories of the movie. I decided on impulse to add it to my collection and looked forward to seeing it again. Well I was not disappointed; the performances by Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson alone make watching the movie worthwhile.<br /><br />Both characters come across as sympathetic and compelling; one feels a compassionate concern for the internal struggles experienced by James Stevens as he tries to live up to his goal of perfection. The doubt and confusion he feels as his pride and confidence in Lord Darlington is shattered; his decidedly mixed emotions as he contemplates his growing love for Mary Kenton, the Emma Thompson character. Mary, on the other hand is better prepared to face up to her feelings for James; although she realizes that she must proceed with caution. When her overtures are rebuffed, she must then decide how to deal with the rest of her life; her decisions lead her down a path with results that are not what she hoped for.<br /><br />The movie is touching and gives interesting insights into the situation in England just before WW II. A worthy addition to anyone's library that appreciates good acting.
Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson are both superb in this period piece. My favorite Hopkins movie
This movie has a great message.  It shows, how loyalty, to a profession, nullifies and does not allow for expression of any emotional involvement with others, whether that may be a family member or possible romantic interest.  It also shows, that one has to live with the choices one makes.  Hopkins, again, gives a star performance as Stevens, the British butler.  To me, it was sad to see how a "fanatic" devotion to his work, did not leave any room for him to experience love.
Housekeeper Mr. James Stevens (Anthony Hopkins) and Miss Sally Kenton (Emma Thompson) is not displaying their emotion. Stevens didn't show out his emotion not only because of being a housekeeper, but also he is not willing to show his emotion. In this situation the writer of Kazuo Ishiguro also lines and words. More over the director James Ivory also use a good actor Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson. They use body movement and face to make a lot of sense.<br /><br /> Stevens' love for Miss Kenton remains unanswered and he denies having any feelings for Miss Kenton right till the end. The unbelievable emotional poise and dignity that Stevens displays, makes his declaration of sorrow at the end that much powerful. Stevens is a person given to major understatements, and it is this very fact that makes us fell so sad for him. Ishiguro conveys Stevens' love for Miss Kenton through clever means such as Stevens' re-reading the letter that she writes. Miss Kenton tells him that her husband has died and she wishes to return to service at Darlington Hall. He reads the letter, and keeps reminiscing about the "perfect way Miss Kenton carried out her duties". Even in his reminiscences, Stevens's talks about her work, never talk about her. Because he don't want to show out his emotion until he die. He wants to keep it for the sake of duty, for the sake of living up to the standards of being perfect butler for his whole life. He wants to be a professional butler.<br /><br />This is a good film and very complex book because they show it out the Steven's life if he wants to be a professional butler he cannot take two things at the same time, should release one thing". That is why he gives up showing his emotion to Miss Kenton choosing his professional butler life. It has to be one of the best books I have ever read.
The remains of the day happen in 1958 with the main characters are Mr. Steven, played by Anthony Hopkins and Ms Kenton, played by Emma Thompson. This movie is about sentiment, loyal, sacrifice....<br /><br />Because of being perfect butler, Steven almost lost his life, family sentiment. One of the film's scenes comes when Steven's father, who is working in Darlington Hall, is dying, but Steven still wants to serve the international party. Steven blinds all the aspects of life to be a perfect butler. Moreover, Steven loves Miss Kenton so much but he did not express his feeling at all. Even Miss Kenton shows her love and gives him many chances, Steven tries to ignore them and pretend, as he does not know anything. For his job, Miss Kenton is just a second choice. He can exchange everything in life to be a good servant.<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins played an excellent actor; the way he expressed is perfect. His face shows many meanings in several hard situations. In the scene at the end of the film, when Steven looked out from the window and saw the dove flying up in the sky, I think he compared himself to the free dove and he seems to realize that he got nothing finally. This scene is so meaningful and I really like it.<br /><br />Watching this movie, I not only enjoy the story of Steven but also the beauty of England. Many sights in the film are so beautiful and wonderful. The building is so ancient and I discover the way people wear in that time. They wear very formally even the servants.
This is not a fast-paced, action-packed, Hollywood kind of movie. It's more akin to reading a book than watching a film. That is not to say that this is at all dull or boring. <p>Remains of the day is a lovely, and even tragic at times, movie about love and the more sweeping themes of life and death, among the reserved and proper English class of housemaids, butlers,and the multitudes of servants employed by large country houses in the early half of the 20th Century.<p>The story revolves around Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson as the heads of their respective sexes in the household and the deep affection they have for one another, but that Hopkins cannot exhibit. Thomspon's character is outgoing and a bit too modern for Hopkin's somber and traditional disposition. <p>The story tells of their meeting, and then follows an older  Hopkins as he remembers his younger days and Thompson, as he travels to see her one last time.
I remember seeing this film and it was, at first, tough to get into (admittedly, I hadn't read the book beforehand).  After I saw it a couple of times it became better for me.  <p>Anthony Hopkins is wonderful as Stevens, the butler.  He's &quot;all business and no emotion&quot; and you can see that he found life easier that way.  Enter Miss Kenton.  Immediately, Stevens is drawn to her but refuses to acknowledge it.  It is apparent onscreen that the romantic feelings are mutual, but neither acknowledge it...though it is all in the eye contact.  My favorite scene is in the study where Stevens is reading a romance book and Miss Kenton tries to see exactly what's in it.  Stevens just stares at her with amusement and adoration, making the viewer melt just watching them.  <p>Hopkins and Thompson have excellent chemistry in this movie.  This movie is a must for all Hopkins &amp; Thompson fans!
If there is a movie that allows Anthony Hopkins's considerable skills as an actor shine, it is Remains Of The Day. His portrayal of a butler commands respect for a profession that has frequently been portrayed in a semi comical and an inconsequential manner. Butlers in Hollywood films are either shallow beings or criminals in a murder mystery: (the butler did it.) Hopkins changes that profoundly. His character, Mr. Stevens, is a professional butler who oversees others who perform service in an aristocratic mansion. He has been in the service profession all his life, walking in his father's footsteps. His professionalism is absolute. He is reserved and displays astonishing self-control, even when confronted with difficult emotional situations. When his father dies during a very important conference at the mansion, he continues serving and puts off grieving. When the woman he deeply loves informs him that she has accepted a marriage proposal by another man and will be leaving soon he remains stoic. The movie's high point is near the end when we catch a glimpse of the deepest parts of Mr. Stevens's soul. With a good storyline and superb performance by Hopkins, Emma Thompson and others, Remains Of The Day is a must see.
