My kids enjoy Sesame Street & this video they liked. Has some old songs but updated so it does not diminish quality. The dvd-rom disk my kids liked as well & held their interest for an hour. The links to more games on the internet helped. It helped me teach my youngest to use a mouse for the 1st time. I give this product a favorable review.
My son is 8 yrs old and autistic.HE LOVES HIS SESAME ST, especially the "Play with me Sesame" series.  I had the hardest time finding new DVD/VHS anywhere until I checked on Amazon.  The item arrived quick and in excellent condition. Thanks for making my life a little easier.
My two-year-old granddaughter absolutely loves Play With Me Sesame, and this video lived up to her expectations.  She can't get enough of it.  It arrived quickly and in excellent condition.  I highly recommend this seller!
We couldn't be happier!  Not annoying or obnoxious at all, like some other kids' shows.  I don't mind popping it in the DVD player so that I can get the dishwasher unloaded.  I find myself singing "Groverelli" quite frequently.
I love play with me sesame but the cases these come in are crap! The discs came loose. I wish they were packaged different but it is still a good show
It is a great series for young toddlers.  My 18 mos old loves this series and it always seems to make him laugh.  They chose the right time length and characters to keep young children's attention.  I am buying the rest of the series as well....
Play With Me Sesame series is so much better than the Sesame Street for little ones. It is a combination of new screen time with Ernie/Prairie Dawn/Bert/Grover with some of the old school music videos. Play With Me seems to focus more on opposites, colors, patterns, and friendship. My daughter is 13 months and loves the Play With Me series. This particular video is mostly grover episodes, though I recommend this video for the older little ones. Maybe age 2 or 3 since Super Grover is a harder concept to understand.
Too bad Sesame Street seems to have taken down all their online game content (August 2008) So much for their educational mission! I guess some of it is available on these DVD/CD-ROM releases, but it sucks that low income families have to buy them instead of getting the content online, as they've been able to for the last few years. (T-Mom)
Can't believe I found this video for more than 75% off regular price and my daughter loves it! I will never shop anywhere again until I check Amazon first.
