This dvd is of course a must have for any Lucky  Dube collector, the vhs version has been out for  quite some time, you get the full effect of a  Lucky Dube performance as the sound quality and picture have been enhanced  greatly in the DVD format! It's a pleasure to be the first to review this  DVD as South African artist Lucky Dube is one of the stellar performers on  the music scene today as his &quot;music with a message&quot; not only  reaches the reggae audience, but crosses over to appeal to a large and  varied audience worldwide. my advice- GET THIS ONE AND TURN IT WAY  UP!  5 stars!
A definite for a Lucky Dube fan - the sound and picture are both very good. The music is good, but the band seems a bit tight - almost like they are very aware of the camera and don't want to screwup. That, or they were told to play it by the numbers. There is very little spice or improv to the music, particularly with the drumming.
...captured on tape, period !! Well yeah I'm totally biased because Lucky Dube(dj&uacute;bei as he's introduced to the crowd)is one of my fav reggae artists, an so far the only one who has produced a concert film that is actually a joy to watch, as oppossed to most of their more ¨consecrated¨ colleagues which are worth a listen but whose canned concerts made me fall asleep.I digitally captured my VHS for eternity when the tape was still pristine, with amazing results. Lucky -for those who are unfamiliar to him- is one of those reggae underdogs you either love or hate. To begin with he's from South Africa, not Jamaica, and his style is mostly soft, keyboard-laden, poppy reggae as oppossed to the more radical ¨root¨ styles.<br /><br />The performance is simply unbelievable. The whole band is clad in military surplus camo fatigues and shirts, maybe to make a strong, contrasting statement with the peace message they convey. Lyrics deal mostly with apartheid and peace. The gig is shot in a huge, crowded venue and people are totally captivated; a great atmos. Lucky's small, caressing voice is purposely mixed in low, which is a bless coz you can crank the sound up and feel the instrumentation without feeling shouted at, as is the case on many concert tapes. The bass groove is potent but purposely not overpowering and the drummer performs a combination of hi-hat and rimhots that is simply to die for. The guitar is not always heard when seen, but it screams during the solos.<br /><br />Picture : so good that you forget you are not watching a DVD. The blacks are so intense it's unbelievable (no racial pun intended) and there's very little VHS artifacting, noticeable only during say, half of the time.<br /><br />Sound : Perfect describes it well. The stereo imaging is out of this world and you won't believe the dynamics a 1/4 of an inch can still provide (almost DVD-like). Upper treble sparkles and the horns are loud but not tinny.<br /><br />I know there's a DVD out there and they're asking silly money for it (at the time of writing this review, someone's asking a grand). According to reviews, the DVD is a vast improvement over the tape and even adds content not found on it- The tape is heavily edited, even the drum solo is skillfully interrupted (but not so that I can't tell) a minute after Lucky asks the guy to wrap it up and he's so taken away playing with eyes closed and doesn't see him.<br /><br />The introduction of the last song is brilliant an quoting the man : ¨Peace is not something people should die for, but live for¨. Brilliant.
I REALLY LIKE THE LIVE PERFORMANCE.  LUCKY DUBE GAVE ONE OF HIS BEST PERFORMANCE.  I WILL RECOMMEND THE DVD TO ALL REGGAE MUSIC LOVERS!!!
Thanx for the dvd . It was ALL that I expected and more. Though a little sad when you see him ALIVE doing it on stage like we know he's done many times before ! I was one of many who actually got the chance to see LUCKY live and direct when he came to ATLANTA,GA  durung the 90's . This dvd kinda recaptures that night for me, as i'm sure it does for anyone else who's been blessed to see this great man perform .
This DVD is a must have for true Reggae fans. This DVD captures the King of African Reggae, Lucky Dube, live on stage at his very best. I enjoy all the tracks, but the ones that keep me watching the movie over and over are: "Truth in the World, Born to Suffer, and Going Back to My Roots." The concert was recorded in the early 1990s so the images are not in HD. Nonetheless, the audio is of the highest quality and the video itself is still great. This DVD will certainly have any Reggae fans, especially true fans, who know and listen to Lucky Dube, wanting for more. Satisfaction guaranteed!!!!!!
A definite for a Lucky Dube fan - the sound and picture are both very good. The music is good, but the band seems a bit tight - almost like they are very aware of the camera and don't want to screwup. That, or they were told to play it by the numbers. There is very little spice or improv to the music, particularly with the drumming.
Some of the tracks were bad. I wanted to send it back to you for a replacement, but I had been very busy. Is there a possibility that I can get a better one?
