Red Dawn has always been one of my favorite movies, as a teen ager i (misguided as it was )prayed for something like this to happen. But as i got older i am thankfull it never did.Alot of us older people who grew up in this time period will watch this movie an remember what the world at that time was like, it was a very uncertain time to be alive.<br />The funny thing ( in a non hah kind of way) is after the fall of Russia, when the west finally got to look into the Russian military battle plans for the last 40 years, we were a hairs breath away from this happening, this movie is one of the reasons it did not come to pass (russain generals have confermed this statement) they realized what it would cost them in regaurd to the MASSIVE amount of firearms possesed by American citizens, remember this, to the rest of the world were all a bunch of cowboys. The director even made mention of this with the "find form such an such, it will tell us who owns firearms".
For me, this movie is a classic.  When it originaly came out it was on VHS but now that I have a big screen , HD TV, I decided to update.  It looks even better in HD.  A whole generation has grown up since this first came out.  Do your younger friends a favor and show them this timeless story of a bunch of high school mates who band together to fight an invading Russian and Cuban army.
I remember how much this movie impacted me as a kid so I had to get it for my sons. Still as good as I remembered.
This disc was out of it's case when received but came in perfect condition. Thanks for the quickness of this order. Very pleased!!
Hey this is a classic, every movie the us is going somewhere. Its nice to see how it would be if the tables were turned and it was us in parrel.
Ill write a different style of review here.As we know the soviet union is gone forever.nothing in the movie ever happened,but it is what would have happened if Certain conditions overseas had taken a turn for the worst.It is an alternate history,even over twenty years after this film came out in reality we still  have many enemies who would like to see America fall.The best part of this movie is that the russian military clothing  ,equipment, props and guns are  very accurate for that time in history.  The resistance warfare  by the partisans is pretty  good ,Most war  movies from hollywood portray tactics wich would get you and your unit  killed for sure if you used them[saving private ryan an example].here you see pretty fair examples of a typical ambush,tank killing,fighting positions etc.The Kids were a mobile hit and run force and this is what is needed in warfare.
I loved watching this movie as a kid and watched it several times over and over on HBO. The neighbors and I used to pretend to be the Wolverines hunting down the Commies and defending our hometown right in our old back yards.  It was great.  Apparently a lot of young men in the U.S. did the same thing and the U.S. operation that captured Saddam Hussein was named Operation Red Dawn after this film.<p>The film takes place during the early 1980s.  The Cold War between the U.S. and the Soviet Union has been heating up and in a mass alliance with Cuba, Nicuragra, and several other countries the Soviets make a mass &quot;first strike&quot; attack on the U.S.  Paratrooper land on the football field of a small (Colorado?) town, killing teachers, and blowing up cars. A small group of friends escape in their truck and head into the mountains.  Two girls eventually join the group and for a small time so does a downed U.S. fighter pilot.  The group starts fighting back against the invasion forces and begins calling themselves the &quot;Wolverines&quot;, named after the local high school mascot. The film ends on the eve that the tide of war begins to turn.<p>Many of the actors and actresses in the film were hardly known before this film and the movie formed the foundation for several of their careers:  Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey, Lea Thompson, Charlie Sheen.  Even Harry Dean Stanton has a small role as the Wolverine brother's dad.  John Milius directed and under his guidance everything in the film clicks.<p>This movie probably resonates more with men than women and is one of the few movies that will bring a tear to a fellow's eye. The film has a lot of very good messages that are perhaps even more substantial in this post-Sept.11th era than they were during the Cold War.  I still get chocked up everytime I see this thing.
In order to fully enjoy this movie you must suspend disbelief.  There are many logistical problems for the Russian and Cuban armies to invade Colorado of all places and it is hard to swallow Patrick Swayze and some of the other cast members to be &quot;teenagers&quot;.  Swayze was 32 at the time of its filming!  But all in all it is a very enjoyable movie and is a frightening look at what a full military invasion could look like on our soil.
During the Cold War is when I first watched this film with my family. I was around 6 at the time it came out and I remmber during the first opening sceen. My older family members set there in shock as on the screen Russia took control of America. My Uncle even though he said it was fiction. I remmber him saying it could happen. I remmber vagley of the days when Nucler War was  not only possable, but everyone thought it was going to happen. This movie shows the tenseness of the period of the Cold War 80's . Just as the book Swan Song &quot;which is also a great book&quot; it shows how we &quot; America and Russia&quot; were insane in a way and that war to that scale is pointless and would only destory people's lives.
although some may accuse Red Dawn of being a jingoistic call to arms it is in truth a condemnation of war. There is no happy ending. Unlike Rambo the heroes do not all live to triumph over the red menace.  <p>Red Dawn is a  good war film in the sense that it presents the moral ambiguities and  contradictions of armed conflict.  although the movie does occasionally  glorify their battlefield successes it also demonstrates the heavy price of  survival. In one of the best scenes one of the american partisans is  discovered to have betrayed the group the soviets. The leader of the group  decides that traitor is to be executed.  This is not an easy decision since  a few months before all these kids were highschool classmates.  One of the  guerrillas asks how they can consider themselves any different from the  &quot;evil&quot; enemy they are fighting if they carry out such a heinous  action. Their leader's answer to the soldier and the group is  &quot;WE...LIVE...HERE!&quot;  I believe this scene is particularly  effective in showing how war reduces human beings to a state of animal  existence and as a result how people's notions of good and evil become  irrelevant in the face of day to day survival.  The vietnamese are  portrayed as a sadistic, fanatical and barbarous enemy in our popular  culture but would we have been any different if we had been the invaded and  not the invaders?<p>Red Dawn does not glorify war. The protagonists in the  film spend most of their time living in a state of misery.  Their innocence  is lost and their beliefs and ideals are corrupted and compromised by the  necessity of survival in a country torn apart by war.  Not only that but  most everybody dies at the end and that's hardly a progaganda coup.  Its  hard to motivate people to go to war when you present them with the reality  that most of them won't be coming back.  <p>The movie has its flaws but  mostly this is due to the limited budget although its technically  impressive nonetheless considering what they had to work with.  The acting  is not all top caliber but the movie shys away from portraying all the  communists as one dimensional cartoon villains.  Some of the soviet  soldiers are sadistic animals but others are simply young men looking for  the pleasures and diversions common to youth everywhere.  In other words, a  real army.  If you like movies with a dark overtone a la Apocalypse Now or  Full Metal Jacket you should enjoy this piece.  If you are looking for  Rambo or Missing in Action you most likely will be dissapointed.
I hear Hollywood is going to make a crappy new version of this, so I had to watch the original with my kids.  They all loved it even though they had no historical context for believing it was possible.
This movie is a classic!  Our 10 year old son loved it too!  What kid wouldn't think it was cool to have to run off into the mountains to survive because your town was beings attacked by hostiles?  Plus having Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen in it doesn't hurt either!:)
Viewed: 9/10<br />Rate: 7<br /><br />9/10: The most interesting thing about Red Dawn is the lack of restraint when it comes to its somewhat all-star cast. As a matter of fact, none of the cast is the central focus of the picture. Rather, the director is more interested in the guerilla tactics and the willingness of the characters to survive in a futuristic War War III picture. Red Dawn is quite good and interesting at the same time. I was kind of expecting Toy Soldiers, but I didn't quite see this coming. A few things that I loved about the movie are: its dramatic quick introduction with the paratroopers, the settling in of the situation as it becomes grave, and the moment where one of the members of Wolverine has been found a traitor and how the group dealt with him. The last part was unexpected and very pleasantly welcomed. There is one gripe I have with the movie; everybody just looked good after a month had gone by...then two months...then three and so on. It's too unrealistic. It's impossible for their hair to be this neat and all nicely trimmed after living in the woods. How did they take showers and remain tidy? Apart from that, Red Dawn is a great survival picture to watch. It pretty much explains the type of folks (remember the character by Bruce Dern from Tremors?) who build bomb shelters, stockpile all the food and guns, and wait for nuclear holocaust. For anyone interested in some movie history, Red Dawn is Charlie Sheen's first film, and he will go on to have a moment with Jennifer Grey, also his co-star of the film, in Ferris Bueller's Day Off. At same time, Patrick Swayze, also in Red Dawn, will go on make history with Jennifer Grey in Dirty Dancing.
Somewhat outdated view of what potentially could happen in the future, in one fashion or another, and how it could be handled, on a localized basis. Fear that it is altogether possible, whether through an economic collapse, EMP, caused by nature or man-made, or other potential disaster. I wish "Patriots" would be made into a motion picture, as well as "One Second After".<br /><br />Realizing this movie is outdated and idealized, it is at the same time entertaining and thought provoking. Also, it captures Patrick Swayze in his early acting days.
Back when there was a Soviet Union they get together with the Cubans to invade the U.S.A. Unfortunatly for them they chose to drop-in on one of the highest points in the world. The commies pick the wrong town to start their invasion. Here we find benevolent but defiant parents and the fiercest set of patriotic teenagers called wolverines; they will attempt to defend and free the country from the dastardly invaders. As we hear every cliche and see all the pitfalls, we get to kibitz.<br /><br />Don't ask if an innovation can take place. It has. Now what are you going to do about it? Relatives shot, friends turned traitor, and outgunned, don't let that stop you.
When this first came out, of course it got maybe a half a star, but, of course, I used to live in a BLUE city along the southern Calif. coast line! Since I love this kind of movie anyway-6******'s! It does show war, pain, suffering and death as it should to probably prevent future ACTUAL w, p, s and d! I like the DVD extras, the interviews with the stars of the movie, I was kind've hoping that Jennifer Grey would be interviewed but, alas, no. All in all I liked it! For those who take themselves way to seriously-lighten up-it's just entertainment!
The DVD could use a few extras considering the importance of this film to the time period it was released.  I love this film. It was one of the first PG-13 films ever released, if not the first, and I was 11 years old when it came out. I actually remember trying to act 13 to get in.  The scene which has always stuck in my mind the most is toward the beginning when the Russian/Cuban paratroopers decend on the high school and the History Teacher (discussing Genghis Kan) naively walks out to greet them.  A very fascinating image of beauty and brutality.  I think the film had a great concept and although I found the ending to lose a bit of the excitement the beginning held, it still goes down as one of my most memorable films of the 1980's.
"Red Dawn" is a historical artifact from the fun-filled carefree days of the first Reagan administration, which pounded out the message that the Asiatic communist hordes were stomping around just over the border in Central America, and the Soviet Union's bigger and better military machine was champing at the bit to take on the USA.  This war talk scared most of conventional Hollywood, which responded with anti-nuclear war movies such as "Testament" and "The Day After."  Listening to the White House in those days, it seemed that Reagan's steady hand over the Big Button was all that kept the godless Red Menace from smashing Our American Way Of Life.  <p>The "Soviet Menace" was, in hindsight, a lot of overblown hooey, and we now know (and probably should have known then) that the Soviet military was a large, rusting junkpile that even then was being bested by American financed Afghan mullahs, which later morphed into the Taliban.  "Red Dawn"s premise of a Soviet-Cuban-Nicaraguan surprise attack on the United States, and occupation, was, and is, bogus.  On this point alone, "Red Dawn" should earn a single star.<p>But I have a soft spot for "Red Dawn", because director John Milius, propagandist extraordinary (see "Wind and the Lion"),  has captured an improbable adolescent fantasy and turned it into a reasonably tight, action-filled adventure.  The plot is absurd, but what red-blooded American teenager growing up in the 50s and 60s didn't fantasize about taking to the hills and fighting Nazi/Red Chinese/Soviet invaders?  And how many kids, as I did, dreamed of being rescued from the algebra final by rampaging Soviet paratroopers, which opens "Red Dawn"?  C'mon, be honest.  Milius, whatever his political bent,  is a good storyteller, the actors are earnest, and the action keeps the movie rolling.<p>The movie follows small town high school football hero Jed Eckert (Patrick Swayze), his brother Matt (Charlie Sheen (pre-"Platoon")) and his band of teen-age guerillas to resist the Soviet occupation of Colorado in the early days of World War Three.  Is that really Swayze's dance partner from "Dirty Dancing," Jennifer Gray, buried under that rumpled Army jacket?  What a country.  No wonder the Russians lose. The "Wolverines" are joined by an Air Force pilot (Powers Boothe), who patiently explains how the Ruskees caught us with our pants down and cleaned out half the country.<p>"Red Dawn" is borderline camp.  Harry Dean Stanton, perennial desert rat and the father to one of the Wolverines, gets the best line of the movie, "Avenge me!" just before a line of American civilians singing off-key patriotic hymns get the Kalyshnikov treatment.  The Russians, who have managed to skunk NORAD and America's best and brightest military minds in their surprise attack, are fundamentally stupid and boorish up close and personal.  Milius likes his action black and white, and heck, why not.<p>It's a fine family movie.  The violence is not too gory, no nudity, no sex and not much bad language.  Just remind the kids, it's just a fantasy flick, and nothing more.  My only troubling concern is, based on some of the reviews, there are people who are still taking this film seriously as some kind of patriotic statement.  The irony is that there were real teen-age Wolverines, only they were the thousands of Russian high-school partisans who died fighting the Nazis behind the lines in the woods and marshes during WW2. &lt;...
Red Dawn is a movie that reflects the tensions of the Cold War, presenting a hypothetical scenario in which the United States is invaded by the Soviet Union, and Cuba armies.  It is chilling, thought provoking and inspiring at the same time.  <p>The entire movie takes place from the view point of several high school kids, who evade Soviet airborne paratroopers and flee into the mountains.  They slowly turn from average kids into resistance fighters, who fight for their families, their country, and ultimately their freedom. <p>In my opinion it is a great movie.  When I purchased my DVD drive, I started to look for the perfect DVD to start a collection.  Red Dawn was first one I purchased.  <p>The only down side is that the picture quality isn't perfect, it looks like a copy from tape.  Still, I wouldn't trade it for any other DVD.
Red Dawn has been repeatedly slammed by rabid left-wing ideologues as being unrealistic for several reasons; some of which the reviewers either take out of context or flat out make up.<br /><br />"...amazingly they hold off an entire division of russian troops..."<br /><br />There was nothing  in the movie implied or otherwise to indicate the town was taken by a Division. A soviet Division in the 1980's was smaller than a US Division but it still consisted of a few thousand men. A best this was a battalion.<br /><br />"...I can recall other cornball lines about "600 million screaming chinamen" and "I got 7 Migs but the eighth got me."<br /><br />Actually what he said was, "It was 5 to 1, I got 4." That is not a cornball line. Ask anyone that has been in or around an aviation unit, that's standard bravado you would expect from any pilot. It was extremely realistic dialogue.<br /><br />"Here's the plot: Godless, murderous, commie Cuban paratroopers invade a Western farming community during WWIII in order to machine gun a history teacher,"<br /><br />Ummm...no. The "Godless, murderous, commie Cuban paratroopers" along with the soviets invaded America, the movie takes place in a western farming community (and surrounding area). I guess if your too stupid to have caught the entire background story you could think that it was just that...I suppose.<br /><br />" An America foolish enough to be invaded and taken over as happens in the movie (only to be rescued by a group of high school athletes...) deserves whatever happens to it."<br /><br />Foolish enough? Were Czechoslovakia, Hungry, Afghanistan, etc. invaded by the soviets because they were foolish? Did Hitler invade Poland because it was foolish? Did the Japanese invade Pearl Harbor because the US was foolish? Was that the reason? Not sure I understand the logic of that comment. The maker of that comment shows a strong ignorance of history and geopolitics, and a lack of common sense.<br /><br />"...there hasn't been a piece of neo-fascist agitprop this psychotic or lame brained since jack webb. the dialog is cliched tripe, the dramatic structure is crude and forced, and the acting is hopeless."<br /><br />I will confess, I looked up agitprop. I was familiar with the word but it seemed out of context with the sentence its used in. having read the definition I laughed at the irony;<br />ag'it'prop (noun) Political propaganda, especially favoring communism and disseminated through literature, drama, art, or music.<br /><br />"...bombastic patriotism..."  "...the unabashed patriotism..."  "...over-patriotic..."<br /><br />Since when did patriotism become a dirty word?<br /><br />Well, I could go on but I suspect most will have stopped reading this by now so Id be talking to myself. I will sum up by saying Red Dawn was an excellent action movie given the limited budget. It has some first rate young actors that showed a lack of experience (hence the reviews that they were `wooden') but great raw talent that developed as they gained experience.
"Red Dawn" is remarkable film about ordinary American kids with extraordinary courage.  It has indeed stood the test of time.<br /><br />Beloved by Americans (and reviled only by America haters) it is also a cautionary tale of what can happen to a weak America that does not guard its borders. We see a potential future that we don't want to happen -- which we as a nation can never allow to happen.<br /><br />The characters are well drawn in three dimensions. We see anguish, doubt and despair among the young heros.  We see sadness and  -- yes -- even a certain dignity in the 'heavies'. In fact Ron O'Neal steals this movie with a superb performance (and he plays one of the Communist invaders!)<br /><br />It is also an adventure story in its own right.  It has gripping action, genuine drama and wrenching pathos.<br /><br />I recommend this movie highly.
History has made this movie dated, but I still continue to enjoy it. There are certain parts of the plot that inspire my patriotism, but it is the guerilla war sequences, that I liked the best.  I have rewatched the action sequences a number of times.  Plus, it has a number of future stars in an ensemble cast.
Though some people may think that this movie is far fetched because it depicts teenage men and women taking on a communist invasion, I believe that this is a very good movie.<br />  If somehow something like this did happen I think that it is very likely that there would be civilian freedom fighters, look at past wars and invasions and this happens. If you were in this situation would you set back and let them win or would you take up arms and fight for your family, friends, country and freedom.<br />  This movie brings about a very strong feeling of patriotism ( Something our country needs much more of) and is very good to watch around independence day.<br />  "WOLVERINES!!!!"
My wife rented this one last night to entertain our 8 year old son.  I watched it with the rest of the family and was modestly amused at the cheesiness of this film, which, I will sheepishly admit, was a favorite of mine back when it first came out on VHS in the mid-80's.  In those days the Cold War was still on, and I was a young GI whose main concern was whether I and my buddies would be called upon to fight the Commies.<br /><br />This movie plays out the World War III scenario that many of us imagined back then -- a full scale Soviet invasion of the U.S. mainland.  The story focuses around a handful of teenagers who flee for the shelter of the mountains in the early days of the war, and are incited to start a guerilla war against their occupiers after witnessing the Soviets' brutality against their friends and families.  It was amusing to say the least as I watched Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen and Lea Thompson in their much more youthful days.<br /><br />The story is all about patriotism, sacrifice, heroism, and a very difficult coming of age -- you know, all that good war movie stuff.  There's no shortage of melodrama, the Soviets are painted in the worst possible light, and their Russian is awful.  In a nutshell, this is a classic anti-Communist propaganda flick, but somehow still strangely entertaining -- not entirely sure why.  Give it a try and decide for yourself.  Who knows, you may like it, especially if The Big Red One is your kind of flick -- they're of a pretty similar quality in my estimation.
What if Communist Russians invade the United States? Teens from America's heartland take on the Reds as guerrilla fighters in this fairytale action-war movie. This seems like a plot that somebody made up for a High School short story. Not a bad cast, which includes Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson, Ben Johnson, Charlie Sheen, Powers Boothe and Harry Dean Stanton, make the film interesting but John Milius' direction is very pedestrian.
Wow, reading most of the reviews here you would think instead of reading a reivew of a &quot;fictious&quot; movie on Amazon.com you were on some liberal undergrould anti-Regan website.  I suppose that this is the only place that you lib's and Regan haters can get your voices heard.  If you would like a serious debate or conversation about Regan there are may places you can go, but you don't want to be there because you have no way of supporting your vision.<p>Anyway.  This is a very good action movie.  Many stars of today are presented here and they do a good job and help make the movie enjoyable.
This is definitely a classic.  I enjoy the actors and the plot of the story and believe that this could have once been a possibility.  Great movie.
This is a potent anti-war movie. Anyone who saw the movie should ask themselves what their reaction to war was after seeing the movie.  Is it glorious? Is it like a John Wayne movie? Do they want to be in a war? Do they want to host a war on their own turf? Is there a glorious end? My own reaction to this movie years ago disturbed me greatly, and this disturbance revealed some things I did not like.  I have never seen a movie where the movie was on American soil (save old movies about 1776, 1812, and the Civil War).  The Russian invasion calls for the suspension of disbelief, like a time travel movie, etc. So lets pretend... The Russians, French, Germans, Chinese, Japanese don't have to pretend.  We do.<br /><br />I was disturbed by seeing American civilians shot, but I had never been that disturbed by seeing people shot in past war movies.  A tank round blowing up a ranch house in CO that looked like my parents' house made me feel ill. Seeing a French house or some Vietnamese hut in other movies did not.  I guess that was just good clean fun. It is cool to be the high tech army hunting down the enemy on the ground with helicopters.  What does it feel like to be the hunted, and see an armored helicopter hunting you down?  It does not feel as good. The director could have portrayed the enemy any way he wanted to. He did not protray them as monsters, but as schmucks just doing their jobs and wanting to go home. When the first  enemy killing took place, they were not out raping women and throwing babies on bayonets. They were goofy young Russians sight seeing. When Patrick Swayze kills his first Russian, the Russian was the same age as Swayze. They were both kids.  That was deliberate.  There is an American pilot (Powers Boothe) who had quite a few speaking lines in the movie. He does not bash the Russians, but the director could have put any lines he wanted to in his mouth.<br /><br />If you can get past the unlikely invasion of the US, and want to feel what it is like to be invaded, watch this movie.<br /><br />BTW, a Russian-Siberian student once told me that many Russian war movies end with the main characters visiting a monument to the fallen heroes at the end of the movie.<br /><br />I heard that the movie was filmed in Leadville CO.  I also heard that at the screening of the movie in Leadville, several girls ran out of the movie crying. I understand.  Do you?
If you grew up in the '80s, buy this movie.  I remember everyone in my  neighborhood bought toy AK-47s and black berets after we saw this movie.  I  look at &quot;Red Dawn&quot; and it carries me back to a time when I had  nothing better to do than run through my neighbors' yards with my buddies  and shoot at immaginary Commies.  The plot might seem ridiculous (today,)  but so what?  Aren't movies supposed to be fun?  This movie will always  have a special place in my heart, and I defy anyone who has a brother to  watch the final scene at the railway and not get choked-up.
There have been a lot of dumb comments in these reveiws. All the questions are answered by just paying attention to the movie!<p>For example, NATO doesn't appear because it was dissolved. The bulk of the US military doesn't appear because the front lines are in the Dakotas, Utah, Montana, California, and the Mississippi river. We can't nuke Russia because they destroyed almost all of our nukes in their first-strike. Also, Washington DC and the other major centers of communication are destroyed in the first-strike. Finally, guerilla groups always have a large success rate when they begin. It's after the enemy figures out what's going on and how to counter it that they start getting losses.<p>But, to the review. I find this one of the best movies ever. Not because of some political statement (ever notice that the people who pan this like equal-caliber anti-American movies?, not because of the strong American support. No, I like it because it shows what would have happened if we were in the position of Afganistan 1979-89, or in the USSR 1941-44.<p>I am just thankful that this movie, and nothing like it, actually happened. <p>And, just for the heck of it: WOLVERINES!
I was walking around at the local dvd store yesterday looking for a nice movie to watch that same evening. My eye fell on Red Dawn, and I read what the back of the dvd said. I was tempted and it sounded like an interesting film, so I bought it and watched it.<br /><br />Red Dawn follows the story of 8 teenagers that manage to escape an attack on their home town when world war III breaks out. They flee into the mountains and from there they attack the enemyforces with gurellia attacks. This leads to great, but also brutal action scenes, thrilling, but also disturbing situations and highly emotional scenes that show the human soul hurt and broke down.<br /><br />As soon as the credits were rolling over the screen I was quiet and just gazed at the screen, thinking about what I had seen. The message had reached me loud and clear.<br /><br />The casting of this film is well done. All of the actors act realistic and their emotion feels terribly real, which definitely helps you to feel for them. The cast contains famous stars that where all not that famous  while starring in this film. It contains Patrick Swayze (Dirty Dancing, Road House, Ghost), Charlie Sheen (Platoon, Wall street), Lea Thompson (Back to the Future I, II and III) and Jennifer Grey (Dirty Dancing). The rest of the main cast is less famous (at least, to me), but still do one hell of a job bringing their characters to life that all feel like real personnes in stead of just a few movie characters.<br /><br />The only thing that should have been different about this film is that you don't really get to know the characters before the war stars. After only about four minutes the attack starts, so you don't really know what kind of main characters you are dealing with. But when they are together and thinking what there can be done, you will see who is who and what kind of characters they are.<br /><br />The film has a lot of action sequences and thrilling moments that will entertain action and war fans for sure. Also Drama fans are definitely on the right place with this movie cause it really touches you. Comedy fans will have to watch someplace else, cause there are only about two little jokes in the entire film, for the rest the film is shocking, realistic, even disturbing at some points and is definitely not for the faint of heart. It really shows what happens to people during war, how their feelings change, how their entire personality changes. The message is therefor loud and clear: war is terrible, changes people terribly and gives nothing more than destruction, pain and a lot of suffering.<br /><br />The film has a true eighties look and helps to give the story a kind of gritty look. It is a well shot picture and although some of the camerapositions don't capture some expressions that well, it shows you what has to be shown. The sets are mostly outdoor and there are beautiful landscapes that help bring the story to life. It does not feel like being filmed in a backyard. The music is nice but isn't that present in all the scenes which is a pitty some times.<br /><br />The film is still echoing in my mind. It sure left an impression on me and the film is an emotional journey that left me actually caring for the characters.<br /><br />A film that I will remember for a long time to come.<br /><br />How will it go with you? There is only one way to find out: watch this film and the message will be presented loud and clear to you.
I remember watching this movie when it first came out on VHS. As a kid, I thought it was a frightening movie, a possible scenario of World War III. After buying the DVD and watching it again, I must say that it still stirs emotions in me. This depiction of an attack on U.S. soil is possible, but improbable. To watch this movie and say that the events shown could NEVER happen is foolish and ignorant.<p>One previous reviewer asks what happened to NATO in the movie. Well, if the reviewer had paid attention, NATO had dissolved in the movie. Another IMPORTANT detail that some reviewers left out was the nuclear attack on most bases and federal headquarters. The communists did not just take all their planes and tanks and just march in. A nuclear &quot;first-strike&quot; was initiated to throw the U.S. completely off-balance. Powers Boothe, who plays a downed F-15 pilot, explains all of these events to the kids that are now acting as guerillas in the movie. As someone who served in the Air Force as a missle launch control officer, I got to see how strategies like the ones portrayed in this movie could work.<p>The whole story in this movie is about Russians and Cubans (along with Nicaraguans) invading the U.S. and how it affects the lives of some high school kids. These kids become &quot;The Wolverines&quot;. Named after their high school mascot, they become guerillas, slowly taking out small enemy installations and equipment. They do not single-handedly destroy all the commies as some other reviewers think that was depicted! There were other guerilla units, too. <p>The film portrays war in a somewhat negative light, but preserves patriotism and acknowledges the legitimacy of the Second Amendment. I highly recommend buying this DVD because of that! The only blemish that it has is the sound quality. I expected better sound with Dolby Digital and DVD quality.
Bravo Milius!<br /><br />I vividly remember seeing this movie when I was 10 years old living in Washington, D.C..  As a military brat, I was obsessed by all things military, but also keenly aware of the global political state of the world.  Reagan ruled supreme, and a succession of weak Politburo puppets lived and died in the Kremlin.  The mid-80's was a scary time for many.<br /><br />It's easy twenty years later to dismiss the premise of Red Dawn as overblown and unrealistic.  How things have changed since 1984.<br /><br />Many reviewers have criticized this film for major plot holes and inconsistencies.  I offer that these people have not actually viewed and absorbed the story elements portrayed by Red Dawn and John Milius.<br /><br />1.  It was clearly stated in the beginning of the film that the Soviet economy was suffering from back to back poor grain harvests.  This is what triggered the attack on NATO and then the United States.  Hungry people get desperate.<br /><br />2.  Nuclear weapons were used on strategic sites to disable key military installations and infrastructure.  Many readers do not understand that since the 'invaders' would want to preserve the "Bread Basket" of the country, they wouldn't use tactical nuclear weapons.  Battlefield nukes with small yields are strong enough to decimate with precision.  They exist, but have never been used in combat.<br /><br />3.  The "Wolverines" were not acting alone.  "Radio Free America"  showed this.  It was demonstrated in the movie that resistance was taking place all over the country.  The U.S. has over 73,000,000 men of 'fighting age'.  An enemy aims a gun at your home or family, show me one of those 75,000,000 who would not take up arms in defense.<br /><br />4.  The enemy used commercial airliners to invade the U.S.  It's been done before.  A bit of a stretch, but this is presented as fiction.<br /><br />Some cheesy dialogue?  Sure.  Continuity problems?  Maybe.  Preachy?  Sometimes, but this is a film of good over evil.  Believable casting of teenagers.  Sometimes wooden, sometimes moving, aren't people that way in real life?<br /><br />Spineless European 20-somethings and the like say that this is just another example of American imperialism.  I'd say ask your grandparents if they feel the same way as America sacrificed hundreds of thousands of lives to save your shores, while we were in no immediate danger.  TWICE.<br /><br />You spent your childhood living under the veil of security that the United States provided. My generation will repay your debt for the rest our our lives.  Donations accepted.
I have read many reviews of Red Dawn. Those who hate it do so for political reasons. They often repeat what they have heard from their fellow travelers. Often they claim that Wm Smith's character does not speak an intelligible Russian.<br />  Smith earned a Bachelor of Arts from Syracuse and a Master's Degree in Russian Studies from UCLA. He taught Russian at UCLA before abandoning his Ph.D. studies for an MGM contract. He also studied at the Sorbonne in Paris and the University of Munich while learning languages through the military. Smith is fluent in Russian, Serbo-Croatian, French and German. During the Korean War he was a Russian Intercept Interrogator and was awarded a Purple Heart. I found this same information from numerous sites. See the movie. Do your own research. Be an adult.
This is one of my favorite, don't worry about the content, movies.  I was totally disappointed with the DVD version.  The picture quality was simply awful.  Contrary to what was advertised, the DVD was a cheaply reproduced copy.  I was so disgusted that I trashed the DVD and now look forward to watching Red Dawn on late night televison.  Purchase this movie only from a highly rated vendor.
... It is just another action film and what if scenario. The acting is wooden, and most of the time, the dialogue is a joke, and there are huge plot holes. But if you just sit back and take the movie for what it is, mind candy, and not as propoganda or a serious attempt at art, then you'll probably find this movie to be entertaining. <p>As a dvd it doesn't offer much. The trailer, widescreen, and the film. I did have one problem with the subtitles. I found that during the Spanish and Russian dialogue scenes, I had to turn on the subtitles because otherwise those scenes weren't subtitled. Then when English speaking scenes appeared again, I had to turn the subtitles off.
Patrick Swayze and C. Thomas Howell reteam from &quot;The Outsiders&quot; which finds them and 6 other teenagers hiding out in the mountains from the russians and the cubans who take over the country and hold the teens' parents hostage. The Eight teens take the name of their football team, &quot;The Wolverines&quot;. Co-Stars like Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson and Darren Dalton [who also teamed with the twosome in &quot;The Outsiders&quot;] and the special effects and action make this a good movie. I give it 3 1/2 Stars!
I first watched "Red Dawn" on HBO as a kid. The patriotism that it instilled drove me to join the US Army. The scenery is amazing, the plot line sufficient, and the characters are amazing. Rarely will you find a movie that commands the presence of so many key characters. From the mayor's patriotically weak son, the first generation Mexican-immigrant boy with the will to fight for the country he loves, to the stereotypical "good 'ol boys" who ultimately instill the futility of war in an enemy commanding general, you're forced to realize all that America has to offer to a potential occupational force.<br /><br />This is a must watch for anyone who displays a yellow ribbon, believes in the American way or is just up for a movie that spans the gambit of American values and determination.
In the 1980s with American troop and armor strength greatly diminished (before Reagan poured vast amounts of money into the military) the reality of the fall of status quo and surge of communism in the western hemisphere was a distinct reality.  On this idea the film capitalizes.  Many will chalk this movie up to conservative jingoism due the emphasis on patriotism and liberal use of the second amendment.  The question of who would fight to defend their country and the evils of communism are the crux of this movie.  The seemingly nameless characters (I had to watch it again to pick up all the names of the main characters) emphasizes the point that these kids could be anyone.<br /><br />Granted the special effects are 80s caliber with bullet holes appearing seconds later, if at all.  After all is said and done this DVD asks some compelling questions about the state of America while delivering some excellent bonus features.  I would caution, however, that anyone who has not lived under the fear of communism or studied this era in American history with some vigor may not fully appreciate the intended affect of the film or view it in a serious light.
This film is a frightening WWWIII scenario from the fertile mind of self-described &quot;zen facist&quot; John Milius.  Mr. Milius is not as gung-ho commando as everyone would like you to believe, it's just that there are about 5 actual conservatives in Hollywood and he happens to be one of them.<br />As scenario's go, it's a nifty one.  Russia and the Warsaw pact take out Europe and NATO dissolves.  Cuban and marxist central American armies use commercial airlines to drop airborne units into the midwestern United States while Russia uses ICBM's to take out key American cities and defense installations.  It is not unrealistic that terrorists or a foreign government could use commercial airliners to launch a sneak attack on our own soil, especially in light of the events of 9-11.<br />Ron O'Neal, &quot;Priest&quot; of &quot;SUPERFLY&quot; fame, plays the leader of the cuban forces, who faces off against the local high school football team which has taken off to the mountains to use their outdoor skills to form a guerrila army and use hit-and-run tactics to fight back.  O'Neal gave a good performance as a man who has become what he depises, as his character fought wars of resistance in central america.  Now, the tables are turned and he has become the imperialist aggressor.<br />Milius is actually using &quot;RED DAWN&quot; as a thinly disguised allegory of the benefits of the second amendmend, which does not give Americans the right to bear arms, but the right to use arms to defend land and country.  While personally, I think a rifle/gun is a cowards weapon, who is to say what a person would do in a kill or be killed situation?  The second amendmend is probably the only thing standing in the way of a total takeover of our country.
I liked the movie very much, as I believe it is okay to be patriotic and fly the flag.  Where did this Jim Emerson come from?  Do we have to be subjected to reviews by far-left-leaning, gun-hating, anti-Reagan Liberals?  I realize reviews are subjective, but I don't care to be bludgeoned with someone's political views such as I felt I was with Mr. Emerson's review.
&quot;Red Dawn&quot; is essentially a &quot;what-if&quot; tale of a United States invasion by...who else?...Communist nations.  If nothing else, it's certainly entertaining and thought-provoking film.  I'm not a fan of Patrick Swayze's but I really cannot fault either his acting skills or those of C. Thomas Howell in this picture.<p>That said, I must comment on the overall context of &quot;Red Dawn&quot;.  Much like John Wayne's &quot;The Green Berets&quot;, this film is somewhat hackneyed by today's standards and doesn't stand the test of time well, although it's still interesting to watch.  One must keep in mind that &quot;Red Dawn&quot; was made during the presidency of Ronald Reagan while Cold War feelings were running pretty strong and not too long after we invaded Grenada to save some medical students from a Marxist revolution.  For this reason, ultra conservatives will hail this picture for its prescience while ultra liberals will decry it for being unrealistic.  Neither of these positions really do justice to the movie.<p>While &quot;Red Dawn&quot; is not a movie I care to add to my personal collection, I think it is one best enjoyed with the viewer's political filter, be it left or right, turned off.
My two favorite movies ever are "Red Dawn" and "What's Eating Gilbert Grape." I have watched both many times. I wanted them in my library.
This movie is simply hilarous. Do NOT get this movie if you're planning to get a movie for serious watching. Bullet damage is shown SECONDS after the sound is heard, American army responds to Communist threat using one helicopter and destroying the Soviet forces Rambo style. The acting is simply horrible, it's just like they memorized the lines and said them.<br /><br />Their dad just HAPPENS to have a gun store, but for some reason decides to not go with them. The Soviet army focuses on private citizens in the U.S. that have weapons instead of the U.S. army. There is ZERO story build up, the action starts like 30 seconds into the movie. Two of the students vote that they surrender themselves to the Soviets, AFTER escaping machine gun bullets and rocket launcher attacks. So far, this is only just a few minutes into the movie. You'll have to get the rest of the cheesy goodness by buying it, if you like what you hear so far this is a MUST BUY. I know I got a good deal!
All the gung-ho, red-blooded flag-wavers who love this movie should be aware of one pertinent fact: This film was a re-make of a film released in 1943 called "North Star". The orginal, made at the height of the Big One was about the heroic Russian partisans battling the Nasty Nazis in defense of their beloved Motherland.<p>Ironic, no?<p>Considered merely as an action film, it isn't bad. Plenty of things blowing up and gunfights. Seasoned with a spoonful of charachter development to help it all go down.<p>But it's ultimate fate will be similar to that of the parent film--a relic of propaganda serving to mark a particular moment in time and space. Veiw it as an artifact only.
Invasion on U.S. soil!  the citizens are so insular they don't expect anything like this to happen.<br /><br />It was hard to envision P. Swayze and T. Cruise as brothers but their parts blended them well. The boys were  commited to staying alive and fighting for themselves and avenging their families.<br /><br />I would like to have had a better explanation of when the young boy was taken and implanted with a tracker.<br /><br />P. Boothe as the downed pilot helped to pull together the understanding of the vastness of the invasion.<br /><br />Americans most always appear to be willing to fight for freedom from any oppression.  It seems to be our inborn strength that we pull together.<br /><br />The third world war is always just around the corner, only now the advance invasion is put into effect with drugs, immorality and abortions.  How many young men have we lost through drugs and abortions, more that all the wars put together.  These are our weakensses.<br /><br />Red Dawn is a bit of a warning that we should beware of our own foolishness.  Great story - a bit strung out but there is something in it for all of us.
I liked this movie in the 80's, and it is still good!! The same people who hated republicans and the second amendment then hate this movie now. It is a real litmus test for political view. The situations are reversed on &quot;Coming Home&quot; with Hanoi Jane.
Everyone should own this movie. It let's us realize how easy it is to be invaded, even in this great country, and how helpless we can become. Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen, even though very young, are surprisingly mature in their roles. One of my very favorites. It always send a chill down my spine when I watch it again.
This is a good movie with good actors. The story is shocking but not out of the realm of possibility.
Don't expect the best image quality and the best soundtrack ever... especially in my case, the first DVD I received was having lots of problems (sometimes many images would just be skipped); however this movie is worth watching as it conveys important messages about, among others, the horror of war, the terrible mistakes of the past and what can be done to correct them. It is a very complex movie about serious matters, and it conveys lots of emotion and sadness about the errors of the two wars of the 20th century in Europe, so your morale could very well cave in a little sometimes... but the movie also contains some positive answers to prop you up.<br />The movie is about a nightmare scenario: the invasion of the USA and Europe by Cubans and Soviets... A group of six young friends (the Wolverines ) has to fight like lions against uniformed foes. They decide to die standing up (they seem to have adopted the legend on the Rough Rider memorial). Combat scenes are extremely realistic, and often look like WWII, the batle of the Bulge... Some napalm bombings are necessary to destroy the enemies, and they are impressive. We learn that one should never shoot twice, so as to avoid being discovered; that it is good to drink the blood of a stag  that has just been killed; that some American and Russian patriotic hymns can have similar tunes; and plenty of other bounties; some strategic information are even discussed. The Wolverines do not have uniforms but wear neat, practical clothes instead. At the end they do very well and the manage to clear Calumet from the Cubans. It is definitely an all-important movie.
There was a little book published by conservative publishing house Regnery Gateway several months after the release of this movie, entitled "What To Do When The Russians Come".  It pretty well captures the tenor of the times.  We now know that the Soviet Union was hopelessly bogged down in Afghanistan, couldn't even invade Poland in 1980 because its mobilization for that operation was hopelessly bollixed up, and that its economy was already beginning to collapse as a result of the brilliant operation the Reagan Administration executed against it to drive the "evil empire" into bankruptcy by forcing it to engage in an unwinnable arms race - and, indeed, only eight months after the movie came out, Mikhail Gorbachev became General Secretary of the CPSU, and we all know what ensued.<br /><br />None of that was apparent at the time, though, and people still seriously worried about the Red Army storming all the way to the English Channel.  While invasion of North America wasn't something we fretted about quite so much, it's well to remember that this was the era where Central America seemed on the verge of falling to Marxism, where El Salvador and Nicaragua were both in the midst of cruel civil wars and Cuba seemed about to become a major regional power.  It is in the context of these times that "Red Dawn" must be viewed, and also as a major early outing for several actors who later became very well-known (Patrick Swayze, C. Howell Thomas, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, Jennifer Grey - Swayze's future "Dirty Dancing" co-star).<br /><br />It is also to be noted that there are several serious problems with Milius' invasion scenario:<br /><br />1) It's never adequately explained what happened to the U.S. Navy or how the Soviets would have been able to assemble the sealift necessary to carry a multi-division expeditionary force across the Atlantic to Mexico, much less how such a force would have been able to assemble without drawing the immediate and forceful attention of the U.S.  Also, it's mentioned in the movie at one point that the Soviets tried a massive amphibious operation across the Bering Strait, which is flatly impossible given the lack of suitable naval ports, except for Vladivostok, on the Siberian side and the very harsh terrain on the Alaskan/Canadian side.  A glance at the map will demonstrate conclusively that there is no way in hell that the Soviets could ever get a sizable mechanized force over those heavily-forested mountains and tundra.<br /><br />2) The Communist bloc invasion is depicted as overrunning most of the U.S. west of the Rockies in a relatively short time, which seems to me quite unrealistic given the size of the terrain and the number of forces that could realistically be expected to be available.<br /><br />3) That leads me to the next objection, that the Soviet Union simply didn't have the forces required to conduct a full-scale invasion of North America, a full-scale war against the People's Republic of China (including nuclear exchanges) _and_ hold down its satellites.  Soviet forces were organized in three tiers; Category A (about 30 or so divisions, the regular units which were always kept at full strength and manning and which were mostly deployed in Eastern Europe or facing China), Category B, the ready-reserve divisions, and Category C, "militia" divisions which were manned by reservists and often fitted out with older, if not outright obsolete, vehicles and equipment.  It would require total mobilization on the Soviets' part - which in itself would be a red flag to U.S. planners - and extensive contributions from allies and satellites (though, to be fair, "Red Dawn" does make much of Cuban and Nicaraguan contingents) - but even then, the vast majority of those forces would be incapable of sustained offensive operations and the Soviets would have to rely on their Category A divisions.  And that's not even to mention that the Soviet model of war-making, which is based on short, violent offensives, is completely unsuited to the problem of a long-term war at the end of a long and by no means secure supply line against a tenacious foe whose war-making model _is_ based on supplying sustained operations.<br /><br />So, "Red Dawn" is, in respect, very unrealistic, but at the same time it's worthwhile as a document of the last really cold phase of the Cold War.
Years ago I dismised RED DAWN as one of those agenda movies in the vain of the 1950's Invasion USA. Some of the writing is just plain heavy handed with popular jingos of the time. The invasion scenario while absurd was popular in intelligence and military circles at the time. The acting is slightly better than "Summer stock" with some notable exceptions and cameos. Powers Boothe for instants plays a fighter pliot turned Special Forces Adviser with conviction although his character is clearly a composite.<br /><br />Today and after the past ten years I revisted the film again and it "dawned" on me this movie is oddly about the 1980's Soviet-Afghan War. The Wolverines are clearly the Majahideen and  thier tactics are almost textbook examples of guerrilla warfare.
Beautiful,Patriotic and Yes it could have very much happen and still can,if we left it up to the aldai stevenson types with their dialogue approach to the enemy and singing songs and holding hands we'd be doomed, Liberals hate the movie like everything else they hate don't agree with their point of view,simply put they have a fascist bent and anything right of them is wrong to them.Watch the Movie and Get Over it, Reagan/Thatcher/Catholic Church Won the Cold War,Not Gorbachev ,But Reagan and it bothers mindless liberals who think they are so intelligent and smug.<br />Patrick Swayze and even Little Charlie Sheen son of that great partisan hack put in a great Performance.
We received the DVD we purchased in excellent shape and in a timely manner.  We would definitely order products from this seller again.  Thanks!
Red Dawn is a movie featuring many popular teenage actors like Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson, and Charlie Sheen.  Although a little chimerical, I give this move 3 stars.  Red Dawn gives the allusion that Russia and Cuba are nefarious empires seeking to become the world power.  With many action scenes and unheralded foul language, some might believe this film should be more censorious.  To be laconic, it's all about a group of teens who suppress themselves from the depleted town to the mountains.  However, they cannot forget their fellow Americans and decide to try and assuage the problem of the enemy taking over.  Even with the Russian's behemoth tanks and oscillating strategies, these "Wolverines" aren't malcontent on just sitting back.  It seems impossible in real life a group of inexperienced teens could actually fight trained Russians and Cubans, but once you get into the movie you forget how impossible most of the scenes are.<br /><br />However, even with the Wolverines myopic view of war, they do fell many enemies.  Without any tanglible food, tarnished supplies, many quandaries, and a paucity of back-up, these teens really do make a difference.  Characters like Swayze are herioc without ingratiating themselves.  It is hard to believe that this group could actually survive in the mountains, fight an enemy, and still have survivors in the end.  For it's time, I'd say John Milius, the director, did a good job with casting.  This film is proficient entertainment, despite the impossibility of Russia and Cuba coming over to America out of nowhere and attacking.  All in all, it's a good movie.
The Red Dawn is a movie directed by John Milius. The movie is very accurate but a false scenerio of WWIII. I give the move three stars.<br /><br />  In the movie nefarious Russians invade the U.S. with everyone held hostage some banter teenagers run to the mts to hide. The war scenario turns the teenagers in to benevolent fighters. The teenagers had very low numbers but somehow managed to suppress the soviets. The soviets condoned the teenagers and treated them like they were harmless. When the teens stared their attacks on the soviets they were very proficient. The group starts to call themselves the Wolverines. The attacks started to get more benevolent wehn the Wolverines were out to assuage the deaths of their friends and family. the Wolverines showed to be very illustrious with their attacks. The Wolverines started dying when they started making noisome mistakes.<br /><br />  The brothers in the movie played by Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen were the best actors. In the end of the movie they went into the city to distract the Soviets so that two other Wolverines could escape. The brothers were fell by the Soviets but the other Wolverines escaped<br /><br />  Overall the movie was very good but out of date. It had a sort of malcontent to it but also censorious. The acting could have been better but overall an interesting movie.
Red Dawn is an illustrious film made in 1984. The movie takes place in COlorado where a benevolent town is taken over by nefarious rebels. The behemoth group of rebels parachuted in and aimed to fell anyone who showed signs of creating proficient resistance. What the rebels didn't know was that a once unheralded group of teens called the Wolverines had suppressed to the mountains unnoticed. This group made of actors, Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, Jennifer Gray, Ben Thompson, Powers Boothe, and Harry Dean Stanton soon decide it is time to make an ostentatious series of attacks against the malcontented rebels. The Wolverines are able to quell the enemy at first, in hopes of rejuvenating patriotism back into their captured friends and family. After inflicting many casualties on the rebels, the Wolverines energy levels are slowly depleted but they won't be dithered. Finally, American forces are able to take over the area and avenge some of the American casualties as things return to normal in the allusion of World War 3 that this movie creates.
Wolverine (n):<br />1. A carnivorous usually solitary mammal (Gulo gulo) of the weasel family of northern forests and associated tundra that is blackish with a light brown band on each side of the body and is noted especially for its strength.<br />2. capitalized: a native or resident of Michigan - used as a nickname. <p>"Red Dawn" is the type of movie that reminds you why it's great to be an American.  Where else can a movie, staring Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey, make you feel so good (other than "Dirty Dancing", of course)?<br /><br />Set in the foothills of "Small Town, USA", a group of popular high school students is faced with their most challenging class assignment ever - Communist invasion!  Pop quizzes are handed out and school-issued lunches are reluctantly consumed as Communist paratroopers fall from the sky.  Were they blown off course?  Is it a training exercise?  This couldn't be the beginning of World War III, could it?  Could it?!<p>The teachers scramble to update their lesson plans:<br /><br />ASSIGNMENT: Form a militia, compile a significant arsenal, learn survival tactics, topple the Communist regime.<br /><br />Led by the versatile Swayze, a group of ambitious young lads, naming themselves the "Wolverines", head to the mountains to plan their attack.  Aided by the local shopkeeper, the Wolverines stockpile enough ammunition and food to destroy (and later feed) a small country.<br /><br />Reluctant to fight somebody else's war, the boys, discuss what they should do.  As football players and prom dates, they were unstoppable, but now as an army on the run, they are scared.  The Communists were showing no sign of leaving... the Wolverines were in this for the long haul.<br /><br />Summer turns to Fall.  Fall turns to Winter.  Winter turns to Spring.  As the flowers bloom and the trees fill with leaves, the Wolverines' hopes for victory improve when they come across a downed U.S. fighter pilot (skillfully played by Powers Booth).  <p>The men (no longer boys, because war is cruel) learn the ways of the gun from Powers Booth.  In small, precision attacks, the Wolverines quietly begin to topple the Communist invaders.<br /><br />One by one, the Wolverines destroy the invaders' camps.  Word spreads quickly about the Wolverines and the Communists are now fearful - maybe the Americans are stronger than they thought.  Suddenly, their plans to start World War III don't seem like a good idea.<p>In the year of our Lord nineteen eighty-four, patriots of America, starving and outnumbered, charged the streets of the town they called home. They fought like warrior poets. They fought like Americans.  And won their freedom.<br /><br />WOLVERINES!
Red Dawn is an action packed war movie based on "World War III."  The illustrious director John Milius has yet again surprised us with another good movie.  Although I do not condone war I have to say that this movie wasn't too bad.  This movie takes place in a small town in Colorado that is invaded by russo-cuban troops.  Patrick Swayze and an all-star cast of Charlie Sheen and Lea Thompson find themselves in quite a quandry.  Whether to sit back and watch their town be destroyed, or to suppress this attack.  This group of teenagers  form a guerilla warfare resistance group called the Wolverines.  They are out to avenge the deaths of their family and friends who were brutally and maliciously murdered by the russo-cuban armies.  Hiding in the mountains and duping the enemy, the Wolverines are proficient in their attacks and are culpable for the hundreds of russo-cuban deaths.  With their non-lackadaisical attitude the Wolverines kindle a massive fire with the russo-cuban armies that can not be extinguished.  All in all this was an overall enjoyable movie with non-stop action and excitement.
The one redeeming quality of this movie: Patrick Swayze acts well in it. Other than that, this movie becomes a tedious trip into death for each of the members of a band of freedom fighters in an America that has been conquered by the now non-existent Soviet Union. The explanation of how the Soviet Union came to conquer the United States without destroying most of the country or the people in it is limited, so the basic premise of the movie requires a suspension of logic, and the movie gets worse from there.<p>It's obvious in this movie that many of the former citizens of the United States are no longer interested in fighting the USSR either. The total lack of believability of this scenario distracts from Patrick Swayze's good acting. Patrick could have starred in a real war movie or played a doomed character in a more believable role.<p>A brief digression:  We know the amount of guns that exist in this country.  We know how we reacted to the WTC tragedy.  Do you think we would just let the Soviet Union, or ANY country, walk in without a major fight?  Of course not.  We'd fight until we had no fight left.  In this movie you are expected to believe that a bunch of high school kids were the only ones interested in fighting.  Pure fantasy.<p>The lead USSR bad guy, whose name I can never remember but who often plays an antagonist, is a caricature of a Soviet military officer. Just another distraction that ultimately becomes annoyance because this character is obnoxious. He plays the kind of officer that ultimately gets killed by his own men.<p>If you are looking for fun with the Soviets, try Fire Fox with Clint Eastwood, or The Hunt for Red October. Even better, read any of Tom Clancy's books. The time you spend with any of these will be better than any time you spend with this movie.<p>If you are looking for a movie that stands for patriotism and average people protecting their beliefs and the right to bear arms, then watch "Starship Troopers."  Clearly this movie expects you suspend your belief from the first from.  Red Dawn slowly rends your disbelief from you in an agonizing way until you wonder why you ever watched this turkey of a movie.<p>Thank you for reading my review, I'm going to go watch "Battle of the Bulge" or "Where Eagles Dare" to try to forget this movie.
The fact that this ludicrous film was made without a hint of irony is what makes it so hilarious. Favorite scenes: a) the shot of the &quot;They can take my gun when they pry it from my dead, cold fingers&quot;  bumpersticker, then the pan down to the Russian soldier prying it from an  American's cold, dead fingers. Awesome! b) when the boys visit their pop  Harry Dean Stanton at the &quot;re-education&quot; camp. Swayze drawls,  &quot;Dad...Ah luv ewww!&quot; and macho Harry Dean says, &quot;don't ever  cry again as long as you live...AVENGE ME!&quot; c)Swayze intones gravely,  &quot;Don't cry...let it turn to something else...none of us will ever get  to go home again, ever.&quot; What? When the war ends, go home! And why the  hell would a huge army division occupy a little town that doesn't seem to  have any strategic value whatsoever? How many troops did they have? A  million? There's much absurdity to laugh at in this one.
You have to admit, it's a great premise. What would America look like and do if war was conducted on our own soil instead of across an ocean? But instead of going the conventional way of showing you anything and everything about it, director John Milius decided to give this depressing scenario a view from a bunch of high school kids. We don't even know the full extent of the attack until the middle of the movie. Interesting concept sure, but what looks good on paper almost never works when fully attempted.<br /><br />First off, with the exception of a young Charlie Sheen, the acting is bad... as in pathetic. Patrick Swayze is a guy you wouldn't expect this from, but he's one of the worst offenders. Then there's the plausibility of the Wolverine story. Sure, it's possible that a band of high schoolers could take on the Commies in small groups, but it wouldn't last for as long as it did. But it's Hollywood, so I give some leeway here. And there's probably a reason connecting with pride or something, but why didn't they just head towards "Free America" and help mount bigger and better attacks from there? At least they could fight on the borders, and receive supplies from the Americans. But instead, it's not until most of them are dead (more on that later), that they decide it would be better to not do everything independently.<br /><br />Then there's the plausibility of the whole Russian invasion. Now, I'm far from an expert, but wouldn't it be almost impossible for the Russians to launch that big of an attack, so coordinated, so problem-free, so quickly, without a huge retaliation? I'm just saying. It was pretty hard to do it back in the 80s, and word to the wise for those doing the rumored remake, it's impossible to do it today.<br /><br />Now don't get me wrong, the concept is very intriguing, and works great on paper, but the only problem is that it's extremely depressing. Call me an ever-happy schmo, but watching America being desecrated in such a manner with reeducation camps just doesn't exactly lift my spirits. It's probably not supposed to, but after 2 hours, it just drags you down. Add to the fact that all but 2 main characters die, including Charlie Sheen, in one downer of an ending and some painful scenes, and it's a bit overkill (no pun intended). I also didn't care for the fact that the ending left so many questions unanswered, leaving just a short narration. Here's a question, what ever happened to Patrick Swayze's character?<br /><br />Now, it may sound like I hate the movie, but I don't. I was entertained and interested, but the movie just falls in so many ways, it's a downer, and again, most of the movie is just depressing. It has some good American values, intriguing concepts, and some interesting character studies. It plays on the fears of the Cold War, and therefore has the most impact for those who fully experienced these 'I Play Chicken With The Train' times. So, in a battle of best Cold War 80's movie, "War Games" still wins hands down. So here's to America, the NRA and The Wolverines!
Back in 1980's, our USSR TV foreing reviewers told us that U.S. imperialistic movie industry have created "Amerika", "Red Dawn" and some other propaganda films along with Rambo sequels. Some trailers were shown on, with adequate ideological commentaries, typical for that time. The main result was our huge desire to watch all the movies. Now we can have them completely and - for such a disappointment.<br />To begin with, not too much is authentical. Vehicles are not Russian, nor is the uniform (most bizarre persons are officers including beard-wearing 'cossack' general). Spoken Russian is not realistic, and the colonel's speech is ~70% not understandable, with words and phrases absent in Russian language. In many aspects, movie is definitely not a piece of art.<br /><br />We in USSR had no films of a kind to compare (the ideas of US invasion into Russian mainland, or USSR invasion to USA appeared ridiculous). The USSR answer to Rambo was "Odinochnoe plavanie" (Solo voyage) where 2 elite Soviet VDV paratroopers and 2 marines demolish US secret missile base (killing all Rambo-style 'green berets') to prevent CIA starting WW3. But Americans in that film were not described as ugly war maniacs, they were just human enemies with their human life.<br /><br />Red Dawn is a must see for everyone who wants to have an example of primitive, easy-going, yet somehow convincing Cold War propaganda.
The movie "Red Dawn" extols a vision of war in the future with somewhat a chimerical idea of Russian invasion.  A group of teens oscillate to the Rocky Mountains from their town that has been confounded by communism.  Here they rejuvenate and come together to later suppress and get revenge on the Russians who have hurt and killed their family and friends.  These acts of patriotism countervail them in the end, for some of the Wolverines are depleted.  This 1880's style movie is an allusion to World War 2.  Stars Patrick Swayze, Lea Thompson and Charlie Sheen give a slew of famous actors and actresses which are voluble throughout this movie.  I give it 4 stars for its banter manner and resplendent point of view.  All in all this was enjoyable to see.
RED DAWN illustrious protrays what could of happened had Russia attcaked during the Cold War.  This movie is tangible in that Russia could have joined forces with Cuba to attack the U.S. but the fact that a group of tennagers leading a gurrela type warfare is unbelievable.  The cast which includes future big screen movie stars are Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Gray.  Sheen, Thompson, and Gray make-up part of the lackadaisial gurrela group who nickname themselves the Wolverines.  The group is led by Swayzw, who does a proficient job at leading them.  Though the acting is suppressed in some scenes, especially towards the end, it is rejuvenated during the battle scenes and emotionl ones.  The plot of the movie shows how the Wolverines fight back to quell the enemines, though they are sizable smaller than the behemoth invadiers.  The allusions made in the movie about Afghanistan give comparsion to present day Iraq.  Even with its outdated special effects the full extent of scenes are not tarnished and get the point across.  Overall it is a decent movie and is great for any war buff so I would give it a 3 out of 5 stars.
Red Dawn is an unheralded epic that first debuted about two decades ago. It is a tale that follows a group of teenage boys who survided an attack in America by Russian and Cuban soldiers during the Cold War.  The behemoth armies destroyed towns in Colorado in which the young men lived.  Determined to avenge the lost of their family members and the destruction of their towns, the young men band together to form the 'Wolverines' and escape to the mountains of Colorado.  The 'Wolverines' engage in guerilla war with the nefarious foreing enemies and despite the aucity of men, are able to countervail and suppress the Russians.<br /><br />John Milius, the director, creates an entertaining movie that appears to all people.  However, the movie is somewhat overdone and unrealistic.  A group of young boys, reallistically, could not have felled the Russian and Cuban armies single handedly.  The movie is also ingratiated with violence and therefore does not leave the viewer laconic.<br /><br />Despite the exaggerations, Red Dawn is a tale that rejuvenates a sense of patriotism in all Americans.  It depicts young Americans fighting to protect our nation while confronting the evils of communism.  I would extol John Milius and the entire cast.
The movie Red Dawn stars upcoming actors such as Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen.  The movie takes place in Colorado and starts off at the town's high school.  Russian forces construe an attack on the school and explode onto the scene with mass gunfire.  A group of guys escape (including Swayze and Sheen) and hide up in the mountains.  There they contradict ideas of survival and go through many adventures.  After being suppressed in the mountains for several months, the guys lead an attack on the Russians.  The town has been tarnished and the townspeople are lackadaisical; nothing is the same.  Red Dawn somewhat expresses the harsh realities of war, but in a lame and outdated way.  A group of high school boys fighting against an entire army to avenge the deaths of hundreds is not very realistic.  This movie earns a rating of three stars due to the poorness of the storyline and acting.  However, there were some strong points to Red Dawn, such as the behemoth of gunfights and other traits of a traditional action movie.
Laugh? I thought I'd die. This classic slice of Reagan-era paranoia pits a bunch of heroic, 2nd-Amendment lovin' schoolkids against the Red Army. Makes Rambo: First Blood Part II look like Saving Private Ryan.
Anyone wanting to understand why citizens of countries like Iraq and Afghanistan attack their "liberators" needs to view this film. It does not justify its heroes, it explains them, and shows them "warts-&-all". The picture is brilliant from that perspective: if you're born-again or atheist, neo-con or Green, survivalist prophet or organic guru, mensch or yogini you can find a character in this film through whose eyes you can gain an inner perspective on what we in the USA -- of almost all political stripes, ethnicities, beliefs, ages, genders, persuasions -- might do if outside governments sent troops to conquer our country by armed violence which slayed combatants and innocent civilian men, women and children alike; and after the conquest, those foreign troops remained as occupiers, using imprisonment, torture and further murderous violence (including killing more innocent civilians) to impose and maintain control of our lives, politics and destiny.<br /><br />I challenge anyone to watch this film and find no parallels between what the insurgents -- er, "terroists" -- are doing in Iraq or Aghanistan now, and what the Wolverine's act out in this movie. There are other, older, movies that deal with similar themes, primarily per a WWII perspective. But even 20+ years later this film feels remarkably current, and direct as a punch to the solar plexus. Pair it with "Rambo III", which enshrines the political support of the USA that the Taliban and Al Quaeda enjoyed while they were spawning, for an evening of chilling retrospection and visceral enlightenment.
I can't believe that anyone ever took this film seriously.  I give it two stars simply because it really defines and illustrates the paranoia and &quot;red scare&quot; mentality of the Reagan era.
The film Red Dawn depicts the story of a World War II senario involving a motley group of students in the mid-west taking on the Cuban and Soviet insurgents.  I extol this film for the inspiring scenes and cast including Patrick Swayze, Harry Dean Stanton, Charlie Sheen, Ben Johnson, Powers Boothe, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Gray.<br /><br />  The film begins with the Soviets and the cubans using commerical airlines to transport some paratroupers in the mid-west of the United States near a school yard.  A paucity of students used thier outdoor skills and hit and run tactics in guerrila warfare against the enemies assuagley.  The parents of these kids were found culpable of their childrens' actions and were both restrained and depleted.  When finding out about the death of come of there parents they aspired to new heights by avenging the malcontent deaths with a countervail against the Soviets had exacererbated the situation by killing there parents and had further tarnished their reputation.  The students construed a plan to explode the town and eniemie forces.  Eventually, only two wre ble to survive, a small paucity from the begginning.  This movie is a true reflection of he era and I extol it with four stars.
Oh the 80's. Reagan was in office and those evil Russian Communists from the Godless U.S.S.R. wanted to wipe us off the planet. This film has Patrick Swayzee and Charlie Sheen fighting off a Russian invasion in the American heartland. They are civilians, but they create a group of guerilla fighters that would do John Rambo proud. Hey even Rambo never drank blood! Anyway as far fetched as this movie may be, you have to remember that ever since Sputnik went up, there was always Russian hysteria up until the final moment the Soviet Union fell apart. For a nostalgic look at 80's life and political views, Red Dawn is a slice of Hollywood history.
The movie is OK, filming quality was about par for the course, acting was a little wooden and the dialog and situations felt a little cheezy. Of course this is in retrospect using movies like Blackhawk Down and Saving Private Ryan as a benchmark and that just isnt fair. Having said that, I have seen this film 50+ times in its entirety and the several versions of it that are out there. <p>In these terrorist ridden times however, the film's ultimate irony is that the situation, and even the characters themselves are American transpositions of the very Mujhideen fighters we now lable as terrorists. Back during the 1980s the Mujhideen were so iconized by our society as heros fighting the good fight against the Soviet Juggernaut that a 'boodnguts' American director felt it was a small step between turning Muslims in Afghanistan to Christians in Colorado. Today the director of such a film would probably be interviewed by the FBI, and thrown in a prison brig when it turned out one of the technical advisors was actualy a Mujhideen veteran. <p>This film is not some chest-beating, American-flag waving film. It does not reak of the false patriotic sentiment so common now (Proud to be American (Since 9/11!))It is not so much about nations as it is about ideals, and today more than ever, the movie goes to show that oppression and evil can come in any shape and size, be it Taliban Muslims, or Soviet Athiests, or even American Christians. On the flip side it shows that people of any nation and creed can be 'the good guys' and 'innocent victems'. A lesson we'd best learn soon.<p>The price of peace is eternal vigilance.
The thing about Red Dawn, the thing that lies buried under two hours of ham-fisted battle sequences and stiff dialogue and right-wing fantasy, is that there were plenty of interesting and fruitful directions that the movie could have taken. This could have been awesome allegory on the loss of innocence, a dark dystopian nightmare, or some sort of social commentary. Hell, I would have settled for an explicit political message. Just give me something, movie, just give me something. Because as it stands, all Red Dawn has to offer is a lot of flat, unexciting shots of people running around in the woods. Every once in a while the characters will do something that annoys me, or something that doesn't make sense (where did they get winter clothes???), or they'll say something really stupid, but that's it; the rest of the movie is a Sarah Palin daydream, full of gunfire and inept communists and easy, uber-patriotic moralizing. The camerawork keeps us appropriately distant from the characters, underscoring the fact that we're barely given any reason to even learn their names; I feel like I'm spending the whole movie spying on them from the next campsite over.<br /><br />Oh, and this has been pointed out before, but... okay, so, like, the commie sonsabitches wanna attack America, so they choose to stage their invasion from Colorado...? Look, my military experience consists exclusively of playing Age Of Empires II, but even I know that you're not supposed to build a town center in the middle of your enemy's camp; they're just gonna garrison their villagers and burn the thing down (which reminds me; as my friend and I watched this movie, we both thought it would be awesome if the communists tried to win by building a wonder). I mean, the movie tries to explain stuff, but the explanation involves saying a bunch of country names and a bunch of scary words. Every once in a while, there'll be a verb or a conjunction.<br /><br />Oh, and the head of the Mexican forces turns out to be a pretty nice guy, and when that happens you can practically hear the movie saying "even when they turn into commies, Mexicans are still better than those dirty filthy stinking Russkies. Yeeeeeee-hawwwwww, let's git 'em! Vote Reagan."<br /><br />Look, I'm not trying to make fun of conservatism here. I have plenty of conservative friends, and they're every bit as reasonable and thoughtful and intelligent as you could possibly want. It's this movie's gung-ho, us-against-them, heartland hero mentality that irks me. And even then, I rate this movie low not because of its politics, but because it's simply an artistic failure; there's no characterization, a flimsy plot, dull and poorly choreographed action scenes, a wet firecracker of an ending, and bad dialogue. Two stars for an effective opening sequence, an interesting premise, and all that wasted potential.
I've been watching Cold War movies from this era and this is the worst of the bunch (The Day After, War Games, Testament,  Threads: England's Day After). But I think some of the reviewers here is taking this too seriously. I found it entertaining enough if it is implausible. I have no idea what the writers were thinking when they made it or the actors either. It was just another "good guys against the bad guys" movie to me. Get some popcorn and enjoy the show. It's just a movie.
This is one of my favorites from when I was in elementary.  I was big into army and all the stuff young boys use to be.<br /><br />I have this in my collection today and am happy to have it there.<br /><br />It is full of great actors at their beginnings.  It is a drama.<br /><br />And can feel long as watched, but if you can pull through, you<br /><br />can experience it as what at one time, and now today was a speculation.  it has some action, but mostly drama and so the ending.  one of the few dramas in my collection.
I picked this DVD up today at Walmart, remembering how important the movie was and how I haven't seen it for ages.  After watching it I felt as if someone walked over my grave, just having to look in today's headlines and the headlines over the past few years since 9-11. I realize that many of the liberal left find this movie foolish and uneducated, that the scenario is implausible, that America is the villain in the "global community" when it has such leaders as Reagan and GWBush.  The liberal left of course can have their say in the sun because when they speak their mind, it is "tolerant" and "politically correct"; yet when a Republican, and especially a Christian Republican, tries to speak his or her mind, that person is labeled a "wacko" a "villain" and "dangerous".  As A Christian Republican, I could care less what the liberal left has to say because the liberal left runs on pure emotions instead of deep, inherent, wisdom and logic and strength and grace.  These are the ones, mind you, who are so keenly desiring to see babies slaughtered all in the name of "women's rights" and "reproductive rights" and yet they vilify our police officers and our soldiers who are on the front line in and away from the United States, fighting wars against crime and against terrorism.  The liberal left doesn't want to go out into the world and make a stand for decency and honor and strength, they want to sing songs and hold hands and then cower under rocks and trees begging not to be seen by those who are the true villains in the world.<br /><br />Now about this movie, of course it is not Oscar material, but after we see 9-11, the enemies of freedom are willing to come into our country and wreak havoc and murder our people, no matter who or what age or what sex.  Now you might say this is foolish, but after 9-11, the scenario of this movie is far more plausible than you might think.  Yes the Russian bear has crawled underneath a blanket for a spell, but there are enough Russian nuclear weapons out there that could still do damage to us and anyone else.  I wonder how many people who watched this movie and understood the message of this movie back in 1984 would have been all too surprised when 9-11 came about?  Would those same people who could comprehend, as the Liberal left couldn't comprehend this movie, would have been all too shocked to see that thousands upon thousands of people die all in the space of several hours on 9-11?  I remember this film and the sobering message of this film and I have to say that I wasn't surprised to see 9-11 happen.  I suggest that all of you who speak about this movie and say that the movie's consideration and ideals are foolish wake up and realize the world is a dangerous place, that anyone, anytime, could come back and repeat 9-11 again and again as long as we think that human nature is good and that our soldiers and our police force is evil.  We need to be ready at any time and at any place to make a stand against the evils of the world because if we don't make a stand against the evils of the world, they'll mow us down faster than a blink of an eye.<br /><br />Think of this thought, mind you:  How many sleeper cells brought forth 9-11?  How many sleeper cells are still here, right now, under our very nose?
This movie was moronic.  The Red Army is no match for a small group of dim witted teenagers?!?  Gimme a break!  This movie was chock full of utter nonsense.  It was not believable nor did it suspend my disbelief which is the fundamental rule in movie making.  Instead it called attention to itself at every turn with conspicuous exposition, horrid acting, and bad dialogue.  A screwball from the past like this will normally have some comedic value but this one did not.  I give it 1.5 stars.
This film asks the question: what could you do if America was invaded? Do not expect a realistic answer from this film; it seems to have been made as scare tactics for the 1984 election. (No pictures of a wandering bear.) It is possible for people in a mountainous terrain to resist an invader (Yugoslavia, Afghanistan). This requires a hardened people used to living in rude conditions, and the support of the civilian population. This film does not mention the problems of supplies: food, medicine, arms, ammunition, replacements, and intelligence.<br /><br />This film is so naive as to be funny. Invasion by the Cuban and Nicaraguan armies! Who could believe that? Maybe those who think Houston is the capital of Texas. Could an amateur band of irregular forces conquer a larger force of trained and disciplined soldiers? Resistance during WW Two involved sabotage and intelligence gathering on occupying forces (France). The exception was the Yugoslav Red Army and the Soviet Partisans who operated as military units.<br /><br />A box of food falls off a truck, and is gathered by these resistance fighters. This leads to their attack by "flying tanks". Didn't they learn about the Trojan Horse in High School? The fate of this band recalls the stories of outlaws in the Old West. Placing most of the scenes in a rural setting suggests a low budget. The film ends ambiguously, as if they ran out of ideas or money. It makes guerrilla warfare seem like a weekend of hunting.
Red Dawn was a movie that extoled teenagers for their benevolent acts, in order to ascertain their countries rights.  When the Russians parachuted into the small Colorado town and depleted weapons from an airplane, their unheralded attack lead the teenagers fleeing to the mountains.  They were abstemious at first,until they fell a deer.  After being restrained together in the mountains for so long,they stopped bantering with each other and became noisome after Patrick Sawyze wanted to impeach Dan off the mountain.  The group of teens formed the "Wolverines" and became bellicose.  They wanted to confound the Russians by avenge.  They exacerbated the war after killing some Russians behemoths.  The teenagers ingratiated themselves in the community, but became a paucity after being duped during a nefarious attack in the woods.
One has to admire director John Milius for making a film like RED DAWN.  Perhaps the most politically correct movie of its time, the film's story of Russians and Cubans taking over a small Colorado town must have felt right in an era of Reagan's &quot;evil empire&quot; mentality.  The action scenes, inspired to a large extent by Peckinpah, are also well choreographed.<p>But it's precisely because of its politics and Milius' well-known penchant for loving war, guns, and right-wing jingoism that RED DAWN has dated so badly that there is no way it could ever have become a classic.  And that is really a shame, given those action scenes and the cast assembled--young ones (Charlie Sheen, Patrick Swayze, etc.) and vets (Ben Johnson, Powers Boothe, etc.).  Much like THE GREEN BERETS, a certain political slant has largely poisoned this movie.  But whereas THE GREEN BERETS is now more of a joke than ever before, RED DAWN's demise is more complex.  It simply doesn't hold up well under the scrutiny of better war films made either prior to it or after it, despite its good cinematic intentions.
The only reason Im giving this 2 stars is that this movie is so bad that its hilarious.  I actually bought the movie because I heard it  was horrible.  Nothing is  plausible, from the special effects to the plot.  In fact Im terrified at how many reviewers here find this movie realistic and ingrossing. At this same time, one of these reviewers also quoted (i refuse to capitalize his name)john wilkes boothe, so i realize the demographic of the people who believe in this film.<br /><br />  The box says that Red Dawn begins with one of the most "shocking" scenes filmed. I'd says its one the most stupid. Because NATO has randomly fallen apart, the US is all of a sudden completely vulnerable to an invasion. WTF?! Anyways, Soviet troops land on a high school football field in Colorado, the perfect place to invade.  Then of course, the ONLY black person in the movie, the history teacher, walks outside to inquire about all of the parachuters.  He is subsequently shot multiple times.  This cliche is just plain offensive as it is all to common to see the token black dude die first, specifically about a minute into movie. After the director took care of the black guy, he has the soviets fire at the students in the school, obviously a major threat.<br /><br />  Much like the opening sequence, the rest of the movie is laughable. About ten high school kids live in the forest in refuge; the town has been taken over and in only a few days, a new soviet territory takes up the majority of the country.  The towns civilians are being locked up based on gun ownership records.  This is filmmakers' way of say that gun control laws are bad because the Russians could use gun purchase records to have gun owners put into internment camps.<br /><br />  Though the kids are reported as missing and are targets of the soviets, they are able to walk through town unnoticed, with weapons!<br /><br />  The worst element of the movie is that this small group of kids basically defeats an army of trained soldiers.  They are able to do this by hiding and shoot at enemy squads and convoys which pass by.  When attacked, these soldiers are completely surprised and in turn, they run around in circles until they are all picked off.  As for the convoys, they can never seem trace the gunfire and the smoke trails of the unlimited rockets that the teens have to the very obvious vantage points which they are clustered in.  Also, no matter how far away a grenade is thrown from its target, the enemy never fails to keel over and die, 2 seconds after the explosion.  While this seems to repeat endlessly, it stays fresh as new levels of stupidity are introduced throughout the film.<br /><br />  I will now discribe some of the funniest/most stupid scenes:<br /><br />-a key moment is when not one but two loud tanks sneak up on the main characters.  The tanks are literally five feet away when the teens notice them!<br /><br />-after being lured by food, the kids are confronted by warship choppers.  One of the kids shoots a rocket into one of the choppers and it explodes inside. Initially the chopper is smoking and spinning out.  But regardless of the rocket that went through the window and exploded, the chopper continues to attack.  The boy who shot the rocket was so proud of his shot that he stood there out in the open shaking his gun in the air until the chopper comes back and destroys him<br /><br />-one of the boys' imprisoned father yells "Avenge Me!" though he isn't dying or dead, WTF?<br /><br />If you actually believe that Reagan single-handedly defeated communism and that gun control is stupid, then you should be able to take this crap pile of a film seriously.  You may also be intrigued by this movie if you find it legitimate to have a black civilian annihalated for no good reason.  For the rest of us, this movie can be used for a good laugh. the movie is also embarrassing to me as an American as it displays how many stupid brainwashed Americans there are.  Anyhow, the fact that this movie is laughable for some and serious for others makes it a legitimate purchase for anyone.
This movie is about a battle that took place, from what I can gather, sometime between Vietnam and the Persian Gulf War I. It is about Cuban insurgents that infiltrate a strategic town somewhere in the Rocky mountains. The Soviet Union joins the Cubans to fortify the town which is seemingly unreachable by the American military due to it's logistics. A few fresh faced kids battle the insurgency but ultimately fail in the end. This movie seemed to glorify the actual event which gets little if any mention in historical texts.
John Milius (the Director)  did a fine job in selecting a benevolent cast.  A young Charlie Sean, Patrick Swayzw and Lea Thompson were pariahs from their small town in Colorado.  The Russians invaded this small town and fell their patriotic spirts.  These teens esacped and found refuge in a the mountains. With their supplies they were able t rejuvenate and stay alive.<br /><br />  There was no antebellum period to our knowledge.  It was a surprise attach.  The Russian were behemeth compared to this small town.  Why they attaced in the mniddle of Colorado is unknown and a little unbelievable. Once you goet over the shock of them just attacking a school you c an get into the movie and root for the incognito teens.<br /><br />  These teens called themselves the "wolverines."  Many of them wanted to avenger their families and friends.  The would oscillate through the mountain and reeked havoic on the soilders, the "wolverines" had many quells.<br /><br />  The end result is a few loved characters dying and the USA eventually winning the fued.<br /><br />  It is ascertain  the reputations of communistist have once agian been tarnishd by RED DAWN.  The teens became exacerbated because of hte communistit attacking their town but they did something about it.  This was a good movie if you would like to see aspiring actors when they wre just starting out, and you like drama with a little action tied in.
As a proud Reagan conservative I'm ashamed to admit that we've suffered from impotency since the fall of the USSR. I know what you're thinking, but if you've seen our women you would know why they never did it for us in the first place. Of course, trying to decimate social programs to help the needy and denying healthcare to the sick and dying over the last few decades makes it tingle now and again, but it's not nearly the same. Fear no longer!! Amazon has the miracle cure in the form of this Collectors Edition DVD of Red Dawn. In Red Dawn, not only do the Soviets still have their Nuclear ICBMs pointed at our foreheads, but they even show up in person to shove heavy armaments and automatic weapons in every single bodily opening they can find. They attack us, imprison us, massacre our families, and devastate our communities... heck, I haven't been this rock hard since the Cuban missile crisis!<br /><br />So grab a copy of this from Amazon along with a jug of lube to hit that $25 super saver limit and have the most intense night of your life! OH YEA! GO WOLVERINES!<br /><br />P.S. I find having a picture of The Gipper around helps.
A Reagan-era Cold War paranoid fantasy about World War III, RED DAWN was born in the same year as Tom Clancy's RED STORM RISING, and has (suspiciously) so many of the same faults and foibles. The film stars a callow cast of 1980s Hollywood newcomers like Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey, Lea Thompson and Charlie Sheen, all of whom overact audaciously. The irony is that this film is far worse than it seems at first. Certainly, this tale of young partisan fighters defending their homeland could have and should be stirring. The difficulty lies first in the fact that there are so many fine and inspiring such stories from real wars that the make-believe war of RED DAWN is gratuitous; secondly, it is hard to believe that a Soviet-led force of Cubans and Nicaraguans could use Central America and Mexico like a six lane superhighway to roll into the Great Plains as far north as Cheyenne, Wyoming without being stopped by the U.S. Military; thirdly, it seems absurd that this untrained band of eight teenagers could pin down what seems to be an entire Army Group singlehandedly; and fourthly, the jingoism of RED DAWN is so overwhelming as to be well-nigh nauseating. Unless the viewer habitually uses Old Glory either as a bath towel or a window treatment, the ersatz patriotism of RED DAWN grates annoyingly.<br /><br />Much of what makes a movie work is the consistency of its own internal reality. RED DAWN flops badly in this regard. For example, our heroes move freely in and out of occupied areas without being captured despite the fact that they are all on the "Most Wanted" list and their identities are known to the enemy. In one scene they actually visit a prison camp, talk to the inmates through the fence, and walk off unmolested with one character screaming, "Avenge me, boys!" at the top of his lungs. Nothing too obvious, of course; this is undoubtedly the worst scene in the movie. Likewise, they never seem to run out of ammunition, and are adept with even the most complicated weapons. When they are lured out into the open with food as bait it takes three Hind helicopters to hunt them down---why didn't the enemy just poison the food and save themselves the trouble? Inconsistencies like this pepper the film and dumb it down significantly.<br /><br />As parody, RED DAWN works magnificently. The utter incompetence of the enemy in the face of the varsity boys is amazing, especially considering that this same enemy has just taken over about 50% of American territory. RED DAWN celebrates all the shotgun shell values of the beer-and-T-shirt contingent by treating its celluloid war like a pep rally. God bless the Second Amendment! The superheroic "Wolverines" (named for their High School football team, dear God), are incredibly too dedicated to cheering themselves on, leaving their trademark graffiti on Russian half-tracks, launching light automatic weapons ambuscades against tanks loaded for bear, and winning every time. The killing in RED DAWN is treated like an exercise in testosterone therapy as the Wolverines bite nearly every bullet in their arsenal in half and tough it out through a foodless, heatless Colorado winter. It isn't Valley Forge but the viewer gets the idea. With clearly phony pretensions to be inspiring and patriotic, RED DAWN becomes a video game much as TOP GUN did, but with far less cinematic quality. Never meant to be taken seriously, cartoonish and overwrought, this film is memorable mostly for its silliness and its histrionics. And, like root canal, it's about twenty minutes too long.
This one deserves a place of honor among Great Bad Films. The acting is absolutely wooden, the plot  implausible,  production values and action sequences cheap, all of it bathed in a heady mix of hoary right-wing paranoia and american apple-pie mythology.<br /><br />If you're a tea-partier you'll probably love it. The rest of us, it might do for drunken late-night amusement.
Red Dawn  is a epic tale of nefarious teenagers, who fell the pirah in there own backyard. These teenagers led by Jud (Harry Dean Stanton) the liberal high school quaterback avenged his family along with his friends attacked the soliders from the USSR and the Cuban's. They made the allusion to contradict with the reports that they were fighting and had not yet been restrained. With the intransigent insurgents not willing to give up without what they came for look harder to find the "Wolverines" who were depleating their own troops. As the rejuvenated teens were gaining experience with the weapons the exacerbated and suppressed themselves to be full fledge fighters who made countervail attacks using the enemy's weapons. Till the end the proficient teens did not win with the paucity numbers they started with. They are duped with banter of being the unheralded hero's of WWIII.
Communist troops land in middle america and begin machine-gunning children.  A Russian soldier disarms a corpse and the camera pans to a bumper sticker &quot;They will take my gun away when they pry it from my cold dead hand&quot;.  Get the idea.  This is one of the stupidest movies I've ever seen.
I can understand the reasoning for making this movie.  The timing of what was going on.  But, please!  Make a movie that makes more sense and logic!  As a former military officer, I'm just beating myself in the head over this absolute piece of trash!  Russian Paramilitary jumping out in the middle of a clear, beautiful day?  In the middle of Colorado?!  Pulleeze!!  It all goes downhill from there!!  The military detection systems wouldn't have been that bad!!  The acting is so bad it's not worth writing about!!  Let's face it, if they wanted to make money off this trash, they've succeeded because it wouldn't have won any awards!  Don't waste your time!!
OK, so there are these Russians, and they attack the U.S. by parachuting into the interior of the country, whereupon they commence blasting everyone and everything in sight.  Kids in a small mountain town high school are shocked to see camo chutes decending lazily through the morning sky, and then the brutal execution of - oh, pretty much anyone standing around.<br /><br />I suppose if you're a brain-dead redneck, you might find the story intriguing.  Otherwise, you're in for two hours of "Oh brother!"
This is one of those nonsensical flicks where the villians are depicted at first as being so incredibly competent they can invade America and come within a hairsbreadth of conquering us, but then, they can't find a bunch of sullen, surly and absolutely moronic children. Even when the kids stoll into town for a visit!<br /><p>Here's the plot: Godless, murderous, commie Cuban paratroopers invade a Western farming community during WWIII in order to machine gun a history teacher, so a bunch of monosyllabic jocks take to the mountains to drink deer blood and become heroic freedom fighters. Patrick Swayze bullies himself into the lead over the wimpy intellectual (wait, that's redundant) in the group, and pretty soon the kids are calling themselves the &quot;Wolverines&quot; and wiping out Soviet armor columns. Eventually, Powers Booth parachutes in to help them and tell them how we should've listened to the John Birch Society and nuked the Russkies years ago.<br /><p>The characterizations are marginal at best- all Commies are the purest evil (the only thing missing is &quot;Ve haff vays off makink you talk!&quot;), anyone who's remotely intelligent is a traitor, and anyone with a vocabulary of less than 10 words is heroic and manly- including Jennifer Grey. <p>I was willing to meet Milius half-way on this movie- grant him the whole invasion thing and the Commies as the bad guys, especially given the era in which this movie was made- but then he goes out of his way to load this flick with outrageous anti-intellectualism and neo-fascism until the whole thing collapses under the weight of mindless jingoistic pandering. Okay, I'm out of ways to describe just how wrong-headed and misguided this laughably amateurish movie is. Hey- John Milius! In the future, stay away from politics, man! For that matter, stay away from filmmaking.
Red Dawn is, unfortunately, one of the worst films I have ever seen. It should be checked out only if a prospective viewer happened to be totally anti-American. Observing the totally unrealistic stupidity in which the  characters are portrayed would justify the sacrifice of two hours of one's  life. I couldn't help thinking during most of the picture that the `heroes'  are acting this way because Russkies have cut off their cable. `We gotta  fight for our right to party' is obviously a motto of this trash. Wooden  characters, egregious script, and all of this bathed in new-cold-war hatred  towards any culture that is not synonymous with conception of McDonald's  and gas stations where one can ALWAYS depend on Campbell's Chicken Noodle  soup. Don't take even a minute of this rubbish seriously. This film is  viewable only when the viewer is intoxicated AND has agreed from the very  beginning to perceive this thing as a fable. One has to see a bad movie in  order to be able to appreciate the good things in life. So go ahead, grab a  six-pack and enjoy yourself.
... unrelentingly poor. The premise is instantly shot to buggery as we are expected to imagine a large-scale Soviet invasion via the Bering Strait. Then we are given to understand that the fiendish Ivans have pincered Denver with the help of Cuba and Nicaragua. Credibility is as thin on the ground elsewhere in this wreck. All characters, both goodies and the baddies, are caricatures, the acting is comically poor, the political message about as subtle as a kick in the bollocks.<p>I'm as pro-gun as any European can be and a rabid nationalist to boot; you don't have to be a bed-wetting crypto to acknowledge the extreme crappiness of this piece of Eighties high camp. When will the Yanks realise WWIII is not something to be romanticised. I'll stick to 'Threads'.
When this movie came out, the critics all salmmed it as a propaganda film about a communist invasion of the US.  Actually, it is a film against war.  Both sides are portrayed has having their share of good and bad.<br /><br />While the plot pushes credibility a bit, you can identify with the characters because we all know people like them.  It makes you think about what you would do if you were in their shoes.
Love this flick. One of my all time favorites. Me and my buddies saw it in the theater when it came out and it was awesome then and still is now. We always thought of what we would of done if that happened at our school. This movie has mega replay value. I watch it alot every year. It's in the top of my collection pile and you won't want to miss this one. I think this movie still stands strong for it's age. Definatley a must buy.
Just received this from Amazon Tuesday (Awesome since Best Buy didn't have it until the following day). They really did a good job cleaning this vintage film up. The sound was sharp and clear, the images... Oh those horrific 1980s images of mass killings! I must have seen the original 20 times or so on all formats from Laserdisc to streaming HD. This is the finest. I picked out things I had missed in the background. The uniforms stand out and the action comes alive on this blu ray! Yes, the movie is dated but seeing Patrick, Charlie, Thomas and the rest of the Wolverines kicking Soviet butt in HD! This is the best visual quality version of this classic war film. WOLVERINES!
In 1984, John Milius wrote and directed "Red Dawn", starring Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen. It describes a joint Communist Cuban/Soviet invasion of the Rocky Mountains. Aside from its Cold War warning, it was an ode to the gun lobby. In an early scene, a pick-up truck has a bumper sticker reading "You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers." A Communist soldier then pries a gun from the hands of a dead Colorado resident. A group of high school football players who had been taught how to hunt, fish and live off the land by their dad, take to the mountains and form a guerilla unit, attacking the Communist occupiers in series of daring raids. In the end, the Communists are defeated and World War III is won. The high school boys are memorialized for their courage and daring in the early, dark days of the fight for freedom.
I just can't believe all of the negative reviews here on this film that go on and on saying that it just isn't possible that something like this could ever happen!<br /><br />Listen to me now:  Star Wars.  Star Trek.  Wolfman.  Dracula.  Spiderman.  Waterworld.  Terminator.  Narnia.  And on and on and on.<br /><br />Get it?  How can you trash a movie like this for being so unbelievable when you can just ADORE  films like I have written above and a thousand other just like them.<br /><br />One word:  Liberalism.<br /><br />Nuff' said.
If you put your politics (and your feelings regarding both Reagan and the Second Amendment) aside, and just sit back and enjoy this film, you'll be in for one of Patrick Swayze's most moving dramatic performances.<br /><br />Swayze, who passed away just two days ago as I'm writing this, plays "Jed", the young alpha-male leader of the Wolverines.  These Wolverines are a group of high-school students who, after their small Colorado town is invaded by Soviet and Cuban paratroopers, band together and wage war on their would-be conquerers.<br /><br />If you want to know more about the plot, well, there isn't a whole lot more to say.  It's a fairly well-developed screenplay by John Milius (veteran screenwriter of "Apocalypse Now" and also a few Eastwood pictures) and Kevin Reynolds (who would go on to direct "Waterworld" with Kevin Costner and "The Count of Monte Cristo" with James Caviezel) that is as engrossing as it is predictable.  Granted, that's an odd combination, but this screenplay draws you into itself, not by ever surprising you, but rather by showing you how you'd most likely feel, and want to react, if your home was subject to an invasion.<br /><br />Yet it is not the screenplay, nor the performances of actors like Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, and Jennifer Grey (who would meet Swayze again in "Dirty Dancing") that make this film what it is.  Rather, it is Patrick Swayze who gives this film its heart and soul.<br /><br />Not to take anything away from the other actors, because their performances were quite good.  It is still Swayze, though, who is immediately identifiable as the toughest of the town's kids who take up arms to fight their invaders.  "Jed" is the natural leader, not just physically the strongest, but also the one the other  kids look to for guidance.  And yet it is also Swayze's "Jed" who is the most emotionally vulnerable, the one who takes the invasion of his country, and the destruction of the way of life he'd known, most deeply to heart.  Look for Swayze's scene on the wintry hillside, holding a family picture and crying as though his heart was shattering into a thousand pieces, as demonstrable proof of this.<br /><br />It is as much Swayze's alpha-dog toughness in this film, as it is the deep pain that he hides from the other Wolverines, that give this film its humanity.  I won't give away the climax to you, but I will tell you that "Jed" does all that he can to save his friends, and his brother.  Yet when the end does come, he must face it almost completely alone, isolated from just about everything he has ever known, holding on to the one thing from his past, his brother, that he has left.<br /><br />If you are an admirer of Patrick Swayze (as I so obviously am), then you will appreciate this film.  If you've seen "The Outsiders", Patrick plays a similar character here; the alpha-dog leader with a heart bigger then he is, who is as tough as nails, yet cares very deeply about his family and friends.<br /><br />Patrick Swayze was so successful as an actor mainly because of one thing:  Yes, he had talent as a actor ("To Wong Foo, Thanks For Everything, Julie Newmar" was certainly stepping out in a new direction for him, but it did prove that he could convincingly play a character little, if anything, like himself), but the thing of it was this:  He was a natural leader, and it showed.  Everything from "The Outsiders" to "Red Dawn" to "Dirty Dancing" to "Roadhouse" to "Ghost" displayed his natural leadership qualities in abundance.  The other actors always seemed to fall into step behind him, even if their dramatic talent was greater than Swayze's own.<br /><br />No, Swayze wasn't Anthony Hopkins, but he was a man who easily brought his natural leadership qualities to the big screen, whilst all the while opening his heart, and allowing his audience to look quite deeply within.  That takes a great deal of courage, and it's something that many actors are actually quite afraid to do, with good reason.<br /><br />Patrick Swayze died far too young, after a valient battle with pancreatic cancer.  He will be very sorely missed, not just for his Romantic roles like "Ghost" and "Dirty Dancing", but also for films like "Red Dawn", which, truth be told, would have been only a "ghost" of itself if someone other that Mr. Swayze had been cast as Jed.<br /><br />Rest in peace, Mr. Swayze.  When I was a kid, I saw this film, "Red Dawn", at least twenty times on VHS.  The reason?  I was trying to find out more about who I was as a young man, and I very much was inspired by your protrayal of Jed.  Thanks, Mr. Swayze; you'll not be forgotten.
Red Dawn was a theatrical response to the 1983 ABCTV movie "The Day After" A conventional non-nuclear attack on U.S. soil by communist nations like Cuba and Central America supported by the Soviet Union was considered a more realistic scenario than a push-button thermonuclear war.  After the movie's release, schoolteachers talked about this issue in classrooms informing children and teens nationwide that retreating to the mountains and forests of rural America offered the best chance for  survival, and Red Dawn was the only movie that addressed that concern in a present-day style scenario, and NOT a post-apocalyptic future.  To explain the movie as a simple icon of 80's paranoia, Mad Max future, or Reagan-era propaganda is just stacking bias with more layers of bias.  The idea of a 'nuclear freeze' to halt production of nuclear warheads was a hot-button election issue from the opposition which never mounted to anything because Reagan won 49 of 50 states in a landside against Mondale.  The fear of an attack on America was considered quite real at the time.  It was not simply 2nd ammendment propaganda or revisionist history discribed by the main Amazon.com review.  The bulk of the negative criticism of Red Dawn at the time of its release was primarily its violence.  It was considered the most violent movie ever released to mainstream cinema due to the unusually high number of characters being brutally killed.  This movie should be seen as one more example of how Americans thought about the world at the time when globalization was feared if it was controlled by a possible rise of global communism out of world famine.  Red Dawn, in my opinion, is a pop culture classic.
Cast your mind back to the 1980s. The Soviet Union suffers its worst agricultural crisis in fifty-five years. Communist Cuba and Nicaragua each reach troop strength levels of 500,000, infiltrating and fomenting Marxist revolution in Mexico. The Green Party takes control of the West German government and bans American nuclear missiles on German soil, leaving Europe undefended to Warsaw Pact troops in the East and causing the eventual dissolution of NATO. In Colorado, on a crisp, clear autumn morning, Soviet paratroopers who infiltrated the country on passenger planes drop from the skies on an unsuspecting little town in the heart of America, thus starting World War III. When the war starts, a group of teenagers in Colorado escape to the neighboring mountains where they eventually wage a limited guerilla war against the Russian, Cuban, and Nicaraguan soldiers occupying their town. This is the premise of John Milius's 1984 film &quot;Red Dawn.&quot;<p>This group of kids call themselves &quot;Wolverines&quot; after the name of their high school. Using captured military weapons and equipment, they attack troop columns, tanks, a prison camp, and eventually the town itself in order to defend their homeland. The kids cannot expect much help from American military forces, as the region in which they fight sits some forty miles behind enemy lines. When an American pilot shot down by Soviet fighter jets encounters the Wolverines, the larger picture of the conflict becomes clear. The Russians launched tactical nuclear strikes against military installations throughout the middle section of the country, knocking out Omaha, Nebraska (where I live, of course), Kansas City, and missile sites in the Dakotas. England stands alone in Europe, and the only ally the United States can rely upon is a decimated China. In an effort to capture badly needed grain, the Russians refuse to use nuclear weapons again. Instead, they hope a conventional invasion of the American heartland will alleviate the food shortage. The land invasion came in two waves: the first arrived from Siberia via Canada; the second came from the south through Mexico. The American forces stopped both prongs of the attack and now wage war to drive out the communist invaders. Denver suffers under a lengthy siege as the federal government broadcasts messages of hope from free zones in California.<p>As one should expect, &quot;Red Dawn&quot; is not an upbeat movie. This is a violent war film filled with messages about the values of freedom, patriotism, and the belief that there will always be people in this country willing to stand up against foreign aggression. The cast list reads like a who's who of young Hollywood in the 1980s: Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, Lea Thompson, Jennifer Grey, and C. Thomas Howell all play large roles in the proceedings. Powers Boothe appears in the role of the American fighter pilot who briefly works with the Wolverines, and Harry Dean Stanton does a turn as an imprisoned father who pays the ultimate price for his beliefs in America. While the cast is solid, the script does suffer a few groan worthy moments. Lea Thompson endures the worst lines, as she is prone to cryptic statements about the new conditions all of the characters face after the invasion. Despite her crummy dialogue, Thompson is insanely hot in a beret and grubby military clothing. No one should look this good after living a guerilla existence for months on end, but Thompson manages it with an alluring grunginess. Swayze approaches perfection in the role of Jed, the oldest member of the group and its official leader. He does an excellent job conveying the pain of war and the sense of loss associated with murdered family members.<p>Apparently, some Americans who rooted for the Reds in the 1980s heaped scorn on this movie, attacking it for its unrealistic WWIII scenario. Maybe a land invasion of the United States does appear impracticable, but so did the idea that someone would fly two passenger planes into the World Trade Center and Pentagon. Besides, Milius and company doesn't present the invading armies as mindless automatons. There are evil characters here, especially the Russian commander who discovers what it feels like to look at the wrong end of an RPG and the thug (played with chilling effectiveness by William Smith) brought in to hunt down the Wolverines. One need only look at the Colonel Bella character to know that &quot;Red Dawn&quot; isn't a total puff piece. Bella, an old Cuban partisan from the early revolutionary days, grudgingly comes to respect the Wolverines for their hardy resistance. Bella hates the endless killing and wishes to return to Cuba to spend time with his wife. The introduction of the Cuban colonel should deflect some criticism about how every communist portrayed in the film is a ruthless killer.<p>After recently viewing the film after some years, I discovered that it still works on many levels despite what the commissars in Hollywood claimed. &quot;Red Dawn&quot; still has the power to shock the viewer, still possesses the ability to bring to the fore a sense of patriotism and pride in American values. Sometimes it is difficult to believe anyone would stand up for this country, especially when we see the airheads on television and in movies with their endless blathering about such empty topics as their latest relationship and material possessions. &quot;Red Dawn&quot; reminds us that plenty of Americans, regardless of age, respect this country's ideals and don't like the idea of foreign armies invading their space. I still like &quot;Red Dawn&quot; after all these years, but I would like to see a decent DVD release. The transfer on this version is poor, and the only substantive extra is a trailer (which does contain several scenes not seen in the film). &quot;Red Dawn&quot; deserves better.
The most recent reviewers should do a little reading: Sperry, Infiltration (2005), Chittum, Civil War II (1997), When Terror Comes To Main Street (2006), etc.  The fact is that if you substitute Islamists for the Russians in this movie you have a more-than-plausible account for what might well happen in your hometown in the near future (except that the Islamists wouldn't have to invade--they're already here, 50,000 of the best).<br /><br />There are some realistic elements that would be impossible in a movie made today:<br />(1) The enemy knows that there has to be a document in every town listing the name and address of every gun owner in town.  They went for that first, then easily rounded up all the gun owners--the ones most likely to resist.<br /><br />(2) The movie mentions that previous immigrants over the years had naturalized as citizens and found jobs in goverment, on missle bases, etc.  This coup happens after years of preparation.  Sound familiar?  If not, then you haven't been following the news.  And the news is as whitewashed as you'd wish.  Read the books above.<br /><br />(3) The commandos flew in on commercial passenger jets disguised as ordinary tourists.  With a six-month visa or a two-year visa, you could get a lot of commandos in before you made your move.<br /><br />So...heads out of the sand, everybody!  This is your future.  This movie is MORE plausible today than when it was made in 1984.<br /><br />As to the movie itself: there are lots of problems but they're small, and as I said, they'll never make another movie like this, so see it.  (1) The ending was gratuitously grim.  (2) Some of the kids were too whiney: I don't believe even a wimp would fail to realize they had to do something in a situation like this.  And, finally, (3) the promised support of Special Forces: when SF is promised in Act I, SF has to show up in ACT III.  Basic screenwriting.<br /><br />Descriptive info: the kids obtained their guns as they were fleeing to the hills because the father of one of them owned a gun shop.  They got a few rockets when they ambushed some enemy units that were reconnoitering in the hills.  After several months, to be able to pull a night-time raid and free the gun-owners from their outdoor concentration camp (with a loud re-education film blaring) was plausible.  We should have seen more of these men after that, however.  And as the Hispanic invader said: the military advantage is always with the guerrillas.<br /><br />So, believe it's implausible if you like and go on hating the Second Amendment of the Bill of Rights.  As long as you don't do any reading, you'll be okay.
This movie: Red Dawn, is a classic film. It is a film that every young man will love to watch and enjoy it wholeheartedly. <p>The script of the movie is creative. Communist Paratroopers have landed and are taking over. The regular soldiers are fighting them. However, the Russian communists have managed to land in many areas devoid of any regular American soldiers.<p>The movie depicts a slice of the bigger picture. The communist paratroopers land in a small town in the middle of nowhere. The adults are caught unaware and its upto few young teenagers to fight for their town(and country). They grab their rifles and head to the hills to wage a war against communist takeover. <p>There are some minor points in this film that made me give it 4 Stars instead of 5 Stars. <p>1.) The fighting scenes are unrealistic. It's hard to believe a few teenagers can take on such a large group of regular communist soldiers, again and AGAIN! It is true that it is just a movie but the movie that ads more realism to it becomes more suspensefull. The producer/director should have added few adults to the mix to make it more realistic and thrilling. <p>2.) The movie is somewhat like a comic book. There is not much depth to Action and some of the characters. <p>However, these two are just minor points. The movie gets 3 stars for a great storyline and another 1 for its memorable scene where a communist soldier takes away a brave man's gun from his cold dead fingers! and the bumper sticker behind the car is shown on the camera.
This movie is tailor made for all the conspiracy believing militia people out there.  But beyond that it is a bad movie.  The acting is bad.  The script is a joke.  The Direction is "by the book" boring.  Worst of all, the entire movie just goes nowhere.  I never felt anything for any of the characters.  So when they die is like "so what."  Close to the end I was rooting for the Russians.  If your locking to watch a good 80's action movie, go rent Predator or First Blood, don't waist your time on this one.  In nothing else a good example why there are not many right wing conservatives weighting believable scripts in Hollywood.  They Can't!
No word on earth would describe the stupidity of this movie in a sufficient manner.
Just like Farenheit 9/11 is a despicable, demagogic movie of the left, so too is Red Dawn on the right.<br /><br />I will say one good thing about this movie, in contrast to the ultra-boring Farenheit 9/11:  the story of how six meat-eating, gun-toting, Ronald Reagan-supporting high school kids camp out in the Rockies and eventually save America from the Ruskies is hilariously entertaining, no matter how stupid.<br /><br />It's no stretch to say this is Patrick Swayze's finest role ever.
I thought about giving this film an intellectual review, but that would have been a complete waste of time. Watching this film could be compared to listening to a C.W. McCall album with a bad case of nausea or perhaps something scatological. Simply pathetic. The only redeeming role was performed by William Smith, who was the ONLY actor who seemed to exhibit talent, putting Sheen and Swayze to shame as acting professionals. This film would only have value for students who are seriously studying Russian and at that would be applicable to Chapter 22 with Smith's "I Am A Hunter" speech. This film is a good example of how you can't win a game when only one person on the team shows up.
The chuckleheads on Amazon who think this film is "awesome" are the reason western civilization is in decline. Of course their sins can be forgiven.. if perhaps they are only 18. When Red Dawn came out in 1984 I was 17, thinking of joining the military with my own subscription to Soldier of Fortune. I was gulable and naive and Red Dawn had a real impact on me. It seems bizzare now but for some reason I thought that the possibility of Cuba ganging up with Nicaragua to invade our southern border seemed plausable. Instead of the military I chose to go to college. That November I had just turned 18 and I cast my first vote for Ronald Reagan on the strength of the delusions of Red Dawn. I decided to major in history and political science and it didn't take long until I realized just how misguided and wrongheaded I had been. My advise to the champions of this film is to open a history book and lean about American Foreign Policy or short of that rent the Erroll Morris film "The Fog of War". Like I said it's fine to like this film if you don't know any better but alas it's time to put childish thing away.<br /><br />PS. this review deals with the political messege of Red Dawn it would take many more paragraphs to lay out the aestetic faults of this dog.
"Red Dawn" sucks. It's that simple. Unrealistic, comical, horrid acting, horrid script, comical depictions, cliches and stereotypes all come immediately to mind. I won't try to to come up with other adjectives for fear of wasting time. That military minds find this plausible is a scary indictment on our military. That some find this a quality movie with great acting is an indictment on our movie industry, which' thrives on a "give them what they want" mentality. Poor Lea Thompson. She has both this movie and "Howard the Duck" on the 80s section of her resume forever. And don't even get me started on Patrick Swayze, the Ted McGinley of his era. Don't believe the rave reviews posted by dimwits or right wingers who don't know quality film. This movie sucks. It's really that simple. I did my best to warn you to save you some time and money.
This film is such a joke, a completely dated piece of right wing, jingoistic propaganda.  The 80's was filled with "the Russians are coming!  The Russians are coming!" propaganda.  The MSM, Washington, DC, and Hollywood all made it sound like that dreaded Soviet invasion was going to happen anyday.  Well, as far as I know, the Russians never invaded.  They never dropped the bomb.  We're not all speakin' Russian.  This film was written and directed by John Milius, a filmmaker with a pro militaristic viewpoint.  The film is unintentionally hilarious today, because of its totally unrealistic scenarios.  This film is no different than any propaganda film you would see during wartime.  Well, the Cold War is over, and we won thanks to Ronald Reagan, John Millius, Rambo, Arnold, Rocky IV, and Chuck Norris movies....
Please read the "Editorial Reviews...Amazon.com...Jim Emerson" and try to tell anyone that his purpose isn't to puke out his political views.  Red Dawn is a great movie that history has proven is what DOES happen after foreign invasions.  If the victim nation doesn't love the "invader" then 90% will whine about it, 10% will do something about it.  In the case of Red Dawn, it happens to be some teenagers, just as teenagers everywhere are who typically join the military and defend their home.  The movie is very realistic.  ***I agree with other Reviews that most of the Reviewers never saw this movie... OR were daydreaming or texting someone and not paying attention.***
In 1984, John Milius wrote and directed &quot;Red Dawn&quot;, starring Patrick Swayze and Charlie Sheen. It describes a joint Communist Cuban/Soviet invasion of the Rocky Mountains. Aside from its Cold War warning, it was an ode to the gun lobby. In an early scene, a pick-up truck has a bumper sticker reading &quot;You can have my gun when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers.&quot; A Communist soldier then pries a gun from the hands of a dead Colorado resident. A group of high school football players who had been taught how to hunt, fish and live off the land by their dad, take to the mountains and form a guerilla unit, attacking the Communist occupiers in series of daring raids. In the end, the Communists are defeated and World War III is won. The high school boys are memorialized for their courage and daring in the early, dark days of the fight for freedom.
some have called this movie the paranoid fantasy of a nut, others have called it one of the most patriot movies of the 80's. I personally think it is one  of the greatest action movies with some cautionary tales even for us today.<br /><br />MAIN FEATURE<br /> First off the movie itself transferred great to DVD, the sound, the opening, everything is just as i remember it when i first saw it in 1990(i know it came out in 84 but i first saw it in 1990)the opening sequence is just as powerful today as it was back then, and the ending still hits me in the gut. the characters, setting, and acting are as relevant today as they were in 1990 or 1984 and the locations could be anywhere and make you wonder how close this came to being real.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br />The special feature are also great the making of red dawn(red Dawn rising) is excellent, and the other excellent feature was the making of the red menace feature which told how they made the soviet tanks and vehicles, also the ww3 come to town feature was also good and added alot to the history of the movie, the training feature was stuff i had seen before in other movies but it was ok. the inclusion of the theatrical trailer was an added bonus for someone who saw it late when i was a kid.<br /><br />NEGATIVES<br />the only really negative things i can say is this first off they could have done more with the extra features like add in something about about the possibility of such an event or thoughts from people today on the movie, the other thing is that there will be some people who cannot take the politics out of the film and will be horrified by the message it makes.<br /><br />ENDING and FINAL THOUGHTS<br />in closing if you are the kind of person who sees politics in every movie or you dont like the second amendment then steer clear of this movie, but if you loved the original or are new to the movie and bought it cause the new remake is coming out in 2012 and you wanted to see the original then you will enjoy one great movie.
Most reviews for this film focus on the conservative values in the message, and the improbability of the events taking place. Neither is important. <p>This is not a pro-war film<br />1) Remember, Jed didn't want to fight at first. He new his family would want him to remain safe and hidden. He only fought, and led his friends and brother into fighting AFTER his family was murdered. <p>2) The dialog never focuses on the "killing those commie bastards". The message is that Jed and team "live here" and that's what drove them to their actions, they didn't invade Russia, right?<p>3) There is as much focus on the Cuban officer's conflicts about war and reasons for being involved. Remember he had the opportunity to kill matt and Jed at the end of the film and didn't. And that sappy part just before Matt and Jed attack at the end of the film where he is reminiscing about better times.<p>Films don't have to be realistic to make a point. Who cares if the likely-hood of this happening is unrealistic? Who cares if the United States has ever been invaded and the line extending through Colorado is unlikely (although the colonel explained the line worked it's way north after months of fighting, over the grill just after he joined the wolverines.) <p>Films can be whatever the hell they want, to express any point they like. Simplifying this film to a pro-war, pro-arms, right-wing prop piece is too simple, and really, unfortunate.<p>I think the bottom line message is that war is terrible. The most interesting take away from the film, especially given the current situation in Iraq where American troops are being retaliated against, is that it tells a very common and very modern story from an uncommon perspective. Our nation has inflicted the kind of hurt represented in this film many times. Guerrilla rebellion, much like that in Iraq, has happened before. Maybe this film can help us to speculate the "what if"? Maybe it can help us understand why people fight back when they have nothing to lose and their families have been lost. Maybe it can help us better understand the role of the aggressor in the many conflicts our nation participates in.<p>...
Wow, this movie was not affraid to push the boundaries.  Intense and dramatic, just when you think the movie is going to lighten up and become a little more "hollywood," boom something unexpected happens and you go further in.  Overall it is good movie, just don't go into it thinking it will be something like "Ruskies" of even "The Goonies" on some level.  This is a drama if there ever was one.
I first saw this movie in the theater in 1984 and I loved it then and I still do. Although the movie is dated, it's still a good flick today. As a history major, It's always interesting to see a movie that asks &quot;what if&quot;, since the last time foreign troops made war on US soil was in 1815 at the Battle of New Orleans.<br />The combat scenes are well done, and the Pumas make good stand-ins for Mi-24 Hind As, and the equipment looks very good-in fact, the T-72 replicas even attracted CIA attention, as two agents showed up at the set asking about the T-72 and other<br />simulated Soviet armor-it looked that real.<p>As for the characters, you see that among the Americans, you find those who resist, eagerly collaborate with the enemy, and those who are trying to make the best of a VERY Bad situation.You also find among the Soviet/Cuban?Nicaraguan forces a mix of types-a professional Spetsnatz officer for whom counterinsurgency is his business (Afghan vet?), A Soviet General who dismisses the guerillas (and pays the supereme penalty later), and a Cuban who has seen and done too much and knows he has a LOT of blood on his hands. <p>There are a few plot holes that could be explained-how did Darrel<br />get caught and planted with a tracker to lead the Spetznatz to the camp? Where's the rest of the US military? Granted they're pretty busy, but an appearance by Army SF or Rangers, or more USAF activity would have been a good addition to the movie. Or how about some more locals helping out-like the salesgirl who tells Jed about the KGB taking people away. <p>All in all, a great war movie.
I like films presenting alternate futures, as long as they don't ask you to accept too many unrealistic premises.  This one asks you to accept only one: that Soviet Bloc forces could mount an invasion of the United States  in the 80s.  This is not altogether unreasonable: as the doctrine of  mutually assured destruction made nuclear war untenable, an invasion by  conventional forces would have been one way to try to win the Cold War, and  the Soviet Bloc did have plenty of conventional forces.<p>But this is not  so much about the Cold War as it is about war in general, and the pain and  debasement it inflicts on people.  Red Dawn could be the story of the  French partisans or Philippine guerrillas in WWII, the mujahideen in  Afghanistan in the 80s, or any people whose lives are shattered by an  invasion of their homeland.  Some will fight, some will collaborate, most  will suffer.<p>Red Dawn's characters are not cartoon characters.  They are  kids whose innocence is deformed by merciless guerrilla warfare.  They are  soldiers who fight fiercely but long to return home.  They are frightened  men and women trying to survive in an occupied land.  The heroes are not  perfect, and the villains are not pure evil.<p>The scenes of occupation are  also believable: concentration camps filled with possible  &quot;troublemakers&quot;; executions of uncooperative civilians;  interrogations of key people to ferret out possible threats; or simply even  off-duty soldiers playing tourist.  These contribute to the authenticity of  atmosphere of occupation, as does the extra effort to have the invading  forces speak their real languages, translated in subtitles.<p>The scenes of  guerrilla warfare are particularly well-crafted.  Combat scenes are  magnificently shot in all types of environment: forests, valleys, deserts,  canyons, mountains; from firefights in falling snow to raids in the  scorching heat of the sun.  War film fans will not be disappointed.<p>That  in essence is what Red Dawn is: a war film.  Not an action film like Rambo.  Not a piece of cheap patriotism.  Rather, an intriguing and credible  portrayal of what an occupied America would be like, as seen through the  eyes of the resistance.
I saw RED DAWN for the first time yesterday.<br /><br />First off, regarding the DVD itself, it is double-sided.  One side has the wide-screen letterbox version of the film, and the other side has the full-screen version.<br /><br />RED DAWN is a film about several young citizens of a small town in the Rocky Mountains who find themselves in the middle of a Soviet-initiated World War III.<br /><br />From what I'd heard of RED DAWN in the past, I expected it to be a horrendously corny (but fun) popcorn flick; however, by the end of the film, I was moved to tears by its stirring message of courageous resistance to evil and totalitarianism, and its celebration of the American spirit, and our country's founding values.<br /><br />Admittedly, not everyone will like RED DAWN.  Fans of Michael Moore, Noam Chomsky, and Howard Zinn will probably despise it, as will individuals who think that the 2nd Amendment of the Constitution is a reference to an oxymoronic "collective right."  However, Americans who love their country and its Constitutionally guaranteed liberties will greatly enjoy the film.<br /><br />Also, another reviewer makes the strange claim that the Wolverines can be compared to the Vietnamese Communists. Ignore for a moment the fact that the Wolverines fight for liberty and the Vietnamese Communists fought for totalitarianism. Given that the Vietnam conflict was a defensive action involving a democratic state (the RVN) which was under attack by tyrannical foreign aggressors (the DRV, which was heavily assisted by the Soviets and Red Chinese), the analogy fails to hold water. (If anything, the most "Wolverine-like" elements in the conflict would have been the RVN's Regional Forces or Popular Forces, or the South Vietnamese civilians to whom President Nguyen Van Thieu distributed weapons in order to help them resist the Communist aggressors.)<br /><br />The same reviewer (and others) also mention the Iraqi insurgents as being Wolverine-like. Unfortunately, in the context in which they present it, the analogy fails. Unlike the Communist forces in the movie, the Coalition forces and the new Iraqi Army (and security forces, police, etc.) are not attempting to impose a totalitarian regime upon the populace. Rather, the purpose of the allied effort in Iraq is to ensure the establishment of a stable and just self-governing independent Iraqi republic. That said, recent developments in Iraq have indeed led to some "Wolverine-like" incidents, although not of the sort the other reviewers seem to have in mind. Many of the domestic Iraqi insurgent groups (such as the Islamic Army of Iraq) have begun to form, at least to a degree, a united front with the coalition forces against the foreign terrorists of the Al-Qaida/Zarqawi faction.* Also, a number of ordinary Iraqi citizens are forming "neighborhood watch"-type groups in order to help combat terrorists in general.* Those could be considered similar, to a degree, to the Wolverines.<br /><br />*See article "Tips, Infighting, and Strong Horses," by Bill Roggio
First of all, I received this DVD as a Xmas gift last month and I just got around to watching it today.  Red Dawn was one of my all time favorite war movies from the '80s.  I used to watch my old "taped from HBO" version quite often.  Now the film is on DVD.  Piture quality is not bad in some scenes, but grainy and even sometimes at different light levels in others.  The biggest problem with the DVD release is the sound.  I mean the sound effects of the guns, especially of the hunting rifles that the Wolverines use sound so metallic and unrealistic due to their un-remastered digital transfer I assume.  Had the sound track been totally remastered and the picture remastered this could have been a really great nostalgic DVD release.<p>Now for the movie itself.  Actually, I found some of the dialogue between the "bad guys" very ironic with regards to the country's attitude post 9-11.  There was a conversation between Col Bella and a Russian commander in Calumet right before the Jennifer Grey character, Toni, went in and bombed the Soviet HQ that really hit home with current events.  It was actually spooky.<p>It's just ashame that MGM continuously releases subpar DVDs.
Red Dawn joins the ranks of good cult movies. However, what is particularly interesting was its reception when it first came out. When Red Dawn came out, American leftists went ballistic because the movie portrayed their precious Soviet Union and Communist Cuba in a bad light. Those of us who lived during the Seventies and Sixties remember the absolute censorship that liberals had over the media and one of their iron clad rules was that no criticism of Communism, Cuba, or the Soviet Union was to be allowed to be aired. It was the perfect censorship. However, Red Dawn was not the first one; a couple of years prior to this a made for TV movie came out ("Amerika"), which was very, very badly made, but which worked on the same story line. But . . . since it was the first one to violate the Politically Correct restriction, well, the reaction against Red Dawn was nothing compared to the reaction to Amerika---the liberals went into hysterics. Ted Turner, one of Hollywood's limousine Communists (along with Hanoi Jane, Robert Redford and Warren Beatty) actively tried to kill the movie by having specials run at the same time slot for the purpose of indoctrination (read "peace programs" in PC jargon). A book, or film, needs to be made about that time (You think Michael Moore might be interested?).
The first time I saw this in the mid 80s I thought it was kind of cool,  with great action, and a bit over the top. I never bought it because I just didn't think it was worth owning. Over the years as I have seen this on TV I realized this was worthy of a revisit to my initial opinion. As I have grown in age, I realized these young teens are thrown into a whole different world and their over-acting if you will, is quite honestly nothing more than I think a teen would do when stressed to this point. After all they lose their families and their world is turned upside down. What am I talking about, any adult would over-act as well in this kind of post holocaust situation. Basicly become distraught and over emotional.<br /><br />So all things considered this movie deserves much more credit than it typically gets from critics. It is a good fictional story. The action and special effects are well done. I finally ordered a copy for my DVD library. Don't wait till you have seen it at least a half dozen times on TV like me. The commercials are to painful for that. You can even buy it with "Navy Seals" in a two pack for less than fifteen dollars. "Navy Seals" is a reasonably good movie as well and for about seven dollars and change each it is a good deal. Navy Seals has Charlie Sheen, Michael Biehn, Bill Paxton, Dennis Haysbert, and several other familiar faces. Good action movie that most people will enjoy. So grab a Big Gulp and a big bowl of popcorn and make an afternoon of it.
Is it over the top? yea.  Is it unrealistic?  probably.  But Americans would shoot armies into swiss cheese if they even dared come on our land...Can you imagine the Russians taking over Compton or Brooklyn or Detroit...or any hick town...take cover!!!  Honestly, wake up Americans, cause' we aren't always gonna be on top or unpenetrable, obviously, at this point...Swayze, C. Thomas Howell, and Sheen are cool in this movie...this movie is really interesting and intense to watch...and yes, the movie is sort of realistic, locals in the mountains on horseback could do guerilla warfare, but not for long, because as the movie shows, they will be hunted down by Special Forces in no time, at all...before Swayze shoots the Special Forces Colonel who brings their downfall..."you lose..." giving the guy a chance to look at him and shoot...ahahahaha...how crazy, and how cool...look me in the face while i kill you...hahahahaha...this movie rules, get with it hippies..."WOLVERINES!!!!!!!!!!!"
&quot;Red Dawn&quot; made its debut in the latter days of the Cold War, and is reflective of the fears and anxieties as regards the Soviets that characterized the times.  For that reason, it was a controversial movie.  Liberals and Leftists detested &quot;Red Dawn&quot; while conservatives loved it.<p>Red Dawn has its flaws.  The acting (other than by Patrick Swayze) is not first rate, and the storyline is somewhat murky.  On the other hand the special effects are pretty good, and the Soviet troops and equipment look authentically Soviet.  The basic premise, I thought, was very entertaining--the Soviet bloc makes an actual surprise attack and ground invasion of the United States, which it partially occupies. The local high school kids form a partisan resistance movement which is suprisingly successful and effective.  (Yes, this may be unrealistic, but who is to say?). While the acting is not brilliant, it is largely serviceable.  It is a fact that this movie is unabashedly anti-Soviet. I guess critics can always go see Warren Beatty in &quot;Reds.&quot;  <p>In the final analysis this film succeeds for the reason that any movie succeeds--it entertains.  It holds the viewer's interest.  The movie will always be an entertaining reminder of how dreadful the Cold War was, and how grateful we should be that it ended successfully.
If you remember the mini-series "Amerika" from a few years later (1987) this movie has a similar premise, except that it's a single feature and is only 2 hours long. In the movie, NATO has been dissolved, Europe is impotent to help, there is a Communist revolution in Mexico, and the U.S. is now isolated. At that point the USSR carries out a successful first nuclear strike and the central portion of the U.S. is occupied by Russian, Cuban, and Nicaraguan forces. "Free America" zones still exist on the west and east coast.<br /><br />As a depiction of what behind-the-lines guerilla warfare would be like after a Soviet takeover, I found it fairly realistic but I'm not an expert on military matters and especially guerilla tactics. I note some people here found the success of the high school students improbable, but another more knowledgeable reviewer pointed out that initially guerillas often are very successful but then that dwindles as the enemy figures out what's going on and how to combat it--which was what happened in this movie when most of the original band eventually get killed.<br /><br />The movie has a solid cast of young actors and Powers Boothe has a role as a downed F-15 pilot who helps mentor the young guerillas until he's killed. Harry Dean Stanton, the legendary character actor who has appeared in hundreds of films, has a brief role as one of the boy's fathers. And viewers can see Charlie Sheen in an early role before he became much more famous, or perhaps infamous, later on.<br /><br />There's enough action in the movie, with numerous staged raids by the young guerillas to keep your interest up during the entire movie. Toward the end of the movie the young band takes out a Soviet tank in a difficult action which I thought was one of the best scenes. I found it to be a credible depiction of what might happen if the USSR did in fact bring off a first nuclear strike, destroying our missiles, military bases, important cities, and political centers first, and what the occupation during the aftermath might be like.<br /><br />With the dissolution of the former Soviet Union such a scenario is of course unlikely, but at the time Glasnost was still some years in the future, the collapse of the Berlin wall another 6 years away, and the Cold War was still on. As a reminder of what could have happened this movie is still worth a look.<br /><br />By the way, there's an excellent Wikipedia article on this movie which mentions among other things that this was the first movie given a PG-13 rating.<br /><br />I also note that the mini-series Amerika doesn't appear on Amazon so apparently it never made it to video, which is too bad since I would liked to have seen it again. It is listed on the IMDB, which mentions that it was made in response to the 1983 movie, The Day After, which some viewed as left-wing propaganda. There's also a good Wikipedia article on it too if you're interested.
Red Dawn gets unfairly knocked as a "gung ho" type film, but it's far more nuanced than that.<br /><br />Yes, it does lend tremendous support to the 2nd Ammendment by painting the exact scenario that the amendment was created to defend against.  It does present what was, at the time, a very possible nightmare scenario that warned us against complacency.  All those are significant things, but there is much more here.  The film gives us an insight into the struggles of kids in other lands who were dealing with real-life versions of thie same thing even as the movie was released (Afghanistan).  Red Dawn was fiction, but half a world away, it was happening to people who previously considered their lives to be as safe and normal as we do.  Another overlooked nuance to Red Dawn is the theme of loss of innocence that is played up so much.  Yes, the film acknowledges teh inevitability of war at times, but it also laments the damage it does to people.  Red Dawn if full of stark scenes of typical American kids being harmed (and doing harm) in ways unimaginable to us in our "safe" America.  As a kid in 1984, that was nothing less than disturbing to me.  It was an eye-opener.  Red Dawn is extremely effective in letting the viewer feel the transformation of these kids into hardened soldiers in a stark, cold reality.  The movie doesn't sugarcoat it or glorify it, but it does recognize that sometimes such things are necessary to survive.<br /><br />The Amazon "reviewer" is clearly biased against Red Dawn and does little to hide it, but he was right on one thing.  The film was a commericial success, and it was controversial.  It speaks to the nuance of the film that it remains just as controversial 25 years later, even after the Soviets have been tossed into history's trash can.  If there was not depth here, the debate would have been over years ago, but it's not.  People remain passionate about Red Dawn even today, and on both sides of it.
Is this propaganda by John (Conan the Barbarian) Milius?  Of course it is but you have to view it in the context of the times in which the movie was made.  After the fall of Saigon in '75 we really looked like a paper tiger.  Hundreds of thousands of Vietnamese were either sent to concentration camps or murdered outright for working with America.  We had cut and run and no one really trusted us.  Go forward a couple of years and you have hostages in Iran and the Soviet Empire on the march --with surrogates fighting (mostly Cubans and East Germans) in Africa and Central America. They have invaded Afghanistan as a spearhead drive to the straits of Hormuz and the oil lanes of the middle east.  They look like an unstoppable colossus.  That is the era in which RED DAWN was made.  Ronald Reagan had only been in office for a few months and no one could forsee that the Reagan Doctrine (not to contain the USSR, but actually roll back the borders of the Soviet Empire would result in their collapse in a decade.  Some wonderful images: a drive-in theatre turned into a re-education camp -- with a nice performance by Harry Dean Stanton.  A young cast that would do well in the  years ahead: Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, Jennifer Grey. Solid veterans like Ben Johnson, Powers Boothe, Ron O'Neal and, of course, B-Movie Legend: WILLIAM SMITH.  Escapist fare.  Change the Russians to mad-dog Islamic nut cases and the story could be today.
I say that because invasion did happen here...in the 1770's. We were ordered to park our guns with the government and we resisted..and won! Thus it happened too in Red Dawn. Now some politicians want to do the same to the avergae firearms owner. The movie shows what "they" are scared of righteous citizens protecting their own. Good marksmen in the mountains sounds like the Greek resistance of WW2 (and it worked for them). Don't forget the scene where the Rooskie tells the Afghan to go to the Sporting Goods store and get Federal Form 4473... Although the actors playing the Russians were a little lame in the mountaintop scene, the movie played well and reminded me that diligence spared us this after the collapse of most communisn in the late 80's. But don't ever again say "It can't happen here..". Fail to study history, and you will relive it!!
I don't know who led off with your Editorial Review (just below the product information) but I don't think it's very smart to trash a movie, beliefs and lifestyle that many of your customeres consider almost iconic.  Red Dawn was a stark and in many ways very realistic view of something my generation grew up with, the real threat of WWIII.  The movie also ties into the imagination and feelings of young people who grew up under this nuclear cloud.  Would I have gone to the hills and fought an invader, you bet I would have, and most of the people I grew up with would have too!  As far as trashing the second amendment.  I defy your reviewer to look at any other historical example of a country moving in that direction that hasn't resulted in an oppressed citizenship or outright facism.  I would hope your product presentation people would be a little more careful in the future about how they lead into product information...
<p><br />Let me talk about the movie before I get into the movie reviews and their writers.<br /><p><br />Red Dawn is a pretty good movie.  A solid three and a half stars.  This movie is about youngsters trying to survive while superpowers destroy the world around them.  This 'story' is actually happening everyday around the world in dozens of countries.  Red Dawn doesn't do a perfect job of portraying the plight of young partisans, but, as far as I know, it's the only movie that does so in a way that's relevant to a western audience.<br /><p><br />The action scenes are a bit dated, but in 1984 they were top notch.  The Wolverines end up kicking a little more behind than a unit with their size and training could, but it doesn't destroy the movie.  Some of the battle scenarios were a bit contrived, too.  Also, it's pretty obvious that this movie isn't portraying a real world scenario, since there has never been a time in which the USA is vulnerable to a massive invasion.  The movie is set in America so we have a connection to the guerillas and can undertand where they come from.<br /><p><br />All in all, it's an acceptable three star movie.  I gave it five stars to PO the people who gave it one star and cried about 'jingoistic patriotism and facism,' and a whole bunch of other stupid knee-jerk reactions to a film that shows Americans and Russians fighting.<br /><br />  I really didn't see much patriotism in this movie.  Not once did the Wolverines talk about restoring America or how great their country was.  As the defining moment of the movie, when the guerillas are forced to either let a Russian soldier go or kill him, the leader is asked: "What's the difference between them and us?"  It's a damn good question.  The soldier is their age.  It wasn't his choice to come there.  So why do they have to kill him?  The question shows how difficult and maddening the war is for these kids, how there's no sense in it, but once you're in, it's either kill or be killed.<br /><p><br />Guerillas and Partisans are a key element in almost any conflict, and they usually exist anytime one country invades another.  Until another movie that comes out showing the life and trials of partisans, this movie gets a good rating in my book.  And to anyone that disses this movie on perceived political issues, stick to things that fit your bubbly world view, like Legally Blond and Dude, Where's my Car?<br /><p><br />-- JJ Timmins
In RED DAWN, director John Milius presents a post apocalyptic vision of America that was current during the Reagan years.  This America lived in fear of a confrontation with the Evil Empire that many thought would go nuclear.  There is a nuclear exchange in this film, but Milius wisely presents it off screen instead choosing to portray a micro version of World War III right here in the Rockies. The film works on two levels.  The first one in the Rambo-like action duels between high school students led by a trio of future stars--Patrick Swayze, Charlie Sheen, and Jennifer Gray--and a strange coalition of Russian, Cubans, and Nicaraguans troops. On this level, the acting is competent. The audience faces a series of armed confrontations between the students called Wolverines and the Russian-Cuban connection. There are many standout scenes with the first one at the beginning. A high school teacher is explaining the Mongol battle tactics of Genghis Khan when theory explodes into reality when Russian paratroopers drop literally into his lap with predictable tragic consequences. From this point, the viewer witnesses the action from both sides.  Swayze from the American side and Ron O'Neal as the surprisingly complex leader of the Cubans.  Each plays a cat and mouse game with their inevitable meeting not coming until the very end. Yet, beneath the action level, there is another symbolic level of allegory that more than a few critics have dismissed as right wing paranoia.  Milius draws on a long tradition of celluloid and literary appeal to the kind of patriotism that existed right up until the end of the Viet Nam war. In previous films of the John Wayne era, Americans had a duel level view of guns. They were part of America's frontier heritage by necessity but distanced from its urban heritage by legal fiat. In RED DAWN, Milius unabashedly proclaims that when the Bad Guys from Overseas land on our shores, it will be only firearms than can save our collective skins.  I have seen viewings of this movie in which the audience snickers loudly when American hostages sing patriotic songs just before the Russians execute them in a manner that surely brings to mind similar shootings that were then making the news from Afghanistan. Such singing did not seem funny to me at all. In fact the emotional resonance of that scene and a few others like that collectively suggest that when this nation may face a dawn of blood red, then the often mocked patriotism of the past will make a rapid resurgence.
One of the best action thrillers of the 1980s is now available to buy on DVD here in the UK, and it was well worth the money! I remember seeing this when it first came out. Amazing to see such an impressive cast that went on to bigger things - Patrick Swayze, Jennifer Grey, Charlie Sheen and Lea Thompson among others. The story concerns a sudden invasion by Russian and Cuban forces into midwestern US, which takes everyone by surprise. Enter some spectacular military action scenes up Main Street as US Army helicopters blast Russian tanks to pieces, then our young heroes head for the mountains and learn to survive and develop guerilla warfare skills. They begin with pump-action shotguns and it isn't long before they end up with antitank missiles and AK-47s. Plenty of action and explosions for gung-ho fans and the new resistance, the Wolverines, take on the Soviet and Cuban forces. But . . . in time, they are not only trying to save themselves and their families from the enemy's firing squads and interrogation camps(at the drive-in. loved that nice touch!), but from their own fears and insecurities as their own comrades gradually get killed in action. The second half of the movie shows that wars can affect people in different ways - notably Powers Boothe as a downed F-15 pilot. Overall, this is one not to be missed. Authentic Russian military hardware(except the obviously disguised French Puma transport choppers which are too big for Hind Mi-24 gunships), pulsating action, great sound effects for your DVD, plausible scenarios(the descriptions of how WW3 was fought and how Europe fared was also thrown in well) and good performances from the cast. An eighties classic which should be in everyone's movie collection!
I actually read on a news site yesterday (11/29/11) that Russia is posturing against the United States. It could easily coincide with everything else in the world coming unglued during these interesting times. This movie may yet once again reflect public sentiment in the U.S. if the Soviet Union were to reform and come against the U.S. But, I'd rather not jump to conclusions on a simple news observation.<br /><br />I had never owned this on DVD, but world events of late have in my opinion brought a resurgence of such patriotic movies. And as another reviewer pointed out, this movie indeed shows why there is the 2nd Amendment to the United States Constitution. Do I anticipate some enemy dropping out of the sky anytime soon in an attack against the U.S.? Not really, but Hollywood aside the illustration by this movie for gun rights makes a tremendous statement.<br /><br />This collector's edition comes with an extra disc filled with other goodies, such as interviews with some of the cast as they appear today, and how the themes for the movie came about. Not many 80s pop culture references appear in this movie, so the storyline could be perceived as realistic in any era in which global tensions are heightened. But, for those who are particular 80s fans, it is a treat from that part of our past.
I was totally amazed by this movie which I've just finished watching. As a film fanatic, I have often read and heard about "Red Dawn" but I just couldn't imagine how a cold war theme with a bunch of teenagers could possibly work. Well, now I do. Under the brilliant direction of John Millius and a phenomenal young cast, headed by the late Patrick Swayze in the role of a life time, you're instantly gripped by this scenario of World War III, started in the rural backwoods of Colorado.<br /><br />Nothing is dumbed down. This rag tag bunch of freedom fightes are portrayed by heroic, immensely likable heroes-and this includes the two young girls who join them, including Jennifer Grey. From what I've read, the director had to constantly fight studio pressures from turning this into the usual Hollywood junk--of showing horny young kids getting the hots for each other and throwing in some dumb potty jokes to break the incredible tension. In this rare movie, the youngsters are so believable, likeable and courageous you remember them long after seeing this movie.<br /><br />Everyone shines in this true mastepiece--including Boothe Powers as the tragic pilot who is killed but gives leadership to the young heroes.  There"s never any cheap emotional scenes. The cast play their roles passionately and we movie-goers are all the better for it. Even the extras and smaller roles are beautifully memorable.  Filmed on location in Las Vegas--to serve as the Colorado backdrop--it looks magnificent: rugged, weathered and beautiful.<br /><br />I'm adding this radiant little powerhouse of a movie to my permanent collection. And to the unforgettable cast, crew and director John Millius--bravo for giving us a masterpiece to treasure!
I saw this movie in the theaters. I liked it then and I still like it now, in spite of being a &quot;left-wing wacko.&quot; Being roughly of the same age as the people in the movie, I saw this movie as a renunciation of what I was being told at the time, that the young people of America were lost and useless. So I enjoyed that positive message.<p>Yes, there's a fair amount of cheesy dialogue. Yes, there are a few minor plot problems. (Not as many as some people might think, if they actually watched the whole movie and paid attention.) On the whole, it still works for me and not just because of nostalgia.<p>I am somewhat disappointed by the quality of this DVD. The sound isn't as good as I expected. The picture quality isn't that great either. I hope at some point, they'll remaster this movie and re-release it, maybe with some commentary from some of the now grownup stars, for example.<p>One thing that caught my attention today was that the operation to capture Saddam Hussein was called, &quot;Red Dawn.&quot; And the two locations the military was investigating were called Wolverine 1 and Wolverine 2. I wonder how that came about. Apparently, there are still some fans of the movie in the Fourth ID.<p>Anyway, this left-wing wacko gives this movie two thumbs up. It's entertaining, which is all I expected then and more than I expect now.
Red Dawn.<br /><br />I like this movie. I recall seeing it in the mid 1980s. It struck a cord with me then as it does now.<br /><br />Before I go onto review important aspects of the film: ignore leftist babble in some of these reviews. This is a film plain and simple. Not a piece of Hollywood propaganda or implication of what was going to happen. To suggest Hollywood was in on "Reagan Propaganda" is the most laughable thing I've read since John Kerry claimed to just thrown ribbons over the White House fence instead of medals.<br /><br />Back to the film. Many have covered it: small town Colorado is the scene where a Russian and Cuban invasion is taking place. The invasion is also happening on both coasts. The heartland is pretty much the only part of America left. The movie though centers on the actions of a bunch of kids in Colorado.<br /><br />Does the film's invasion scenario fly? Some previous reviews scoff at it. I for one do not. Nuking Washington DC and select cities causing disarray then coming to both coasts with planes disguised as charter flights. Top it off with a push of ground troops up from Mexico. It would be a on a huge scale, but hitting all at once could cause chaos. Remember 9/11, and the chaos that caused as it was unfolding. It took 9/11 to appreciate this "far out" scenario. Obviously some don't understand the concept of blitzkrieg. Hit hard and fast. Ask the French. They know.<br /><br />Where we being lied to by this film? Of course not. Its a film not a CNN. People are far smarter than the previous reviewer credits them.<br /><br />The acting is decent. One should not expect oscar caliber acting here. Mostly these are younger actors and actresses. For the most part they pull thier roles off with realism.<br /><br />For the most part its the visuals and the concept that are shocking. An American town overtaken, with anyone who thinks independantly being put in "reeducation camps."<br /><br />I did not remember some of the subtle storylines well until I just rewatched the film. The mayor's betrayal of the Wolverines and most suprisingly the Cuban General's dislike of war.<br /><br />In the end, this is a interesting cold war piece. It sparks a emotional reaction and stirs patriotism. Showing average Americans taking arms to defend the country.<br /><br />Is it the best movie you'll ever see? No. Is it something that takes you into the 1980s Cold War Mentality? Yes.<br /><br />Say what you will about Reagan. Making the Russians play catch up with us in the 1980s caused them to collapse. They couldn't keep up with us. His "sabre rattling" as a laughable leftist wrote. History has judged took out the biggest threat of the last half century without a shot being fired. Perception and fear is sometimes enough to produce results.<br /><br />Pretty good if you ask me.
Red Dawn, Despite some of its obvious technical mistakes and shaky political scenarios,is a very good look at what might have happened had a conventional World War III taken place in the US instead of Europe in the  early 80's. It was a known fact among the NATO command at the time that if  the USSR ever though they could pull of a invasion of Europe and/or the  United States, they would probably take the chance at go to war. Red Dawn  is one of the only movies ever made that deals with this more conventional  premise instead of all out nuclear war like most other films.  Despite  some short comings, this is one hell of a film, and was too short to fully  explore what a World War III in the US would have been like.It screams for  a sequel if not several, but until they are made I suggest that you see  this film.
All of the strong opinions aside, this movie dates waaay back before Americans realized that the people of the Soviet Union stood in line for three days for shoes, and it was a coin toss if they would wear them or eat them. Hollywood needs a bad guy, and the Soviets were ripe material. Even that being said, the opening scrawl sets up a very hypothetical situation, a series of events, that weakens America's stance in the world theatre that opens up the possibility of a Communist invasion.<br /><br />As a movie, it's simple, got some good action and young people trying to come to grips with the world gone mad and the role they are forced to play. The movie is dated, plays upon a world situation now long gone in the history books. But, you don't have to think much or follow a deep plot or get too much into the characters. The story does not ask much, has one or two humorous right-wing nods to common gun control issues, and delivers a movie that leaves you asking, "where did they find all of those Soviet model armored vehicles?"<br /><br />Hollywood is about to release a re-make, where apparently China gets tired of waiting for Obama to pay back that $800 billion he borrowed, and are tired of SNL making funny skits of the situation, and so invade the U.S. to get their money back. If you think this 80s movie was bad, just wait until the remake and you will come to appreciate this simple film shot in lovely Las Vegas, NM.
Like your average late 20 something year old male, I do enjoy a good action movie.  There's something strangely appealing of the idea of the story's protagonist blasting their way through legions of cannon fodder with nothing more than an inexhaustible supply of bullets and their shear will to commit genocide.  Red Dawn famously holds the world record for 134 acts of violence per hour, and naturally satisfies my craving immensely.<br /><br />The one thing I admire about Red Dawn is that it's not afraid of political correctness, bitch-slapping  it with an American flag wrapped around a baseball bat.  The whole story plays out like a paranoid manifesto of a far right-wing conspiracy theorist with several gunmen short of a grassy knoll.  It's the near future (From their point of time) and World War 3 has broken out between the Soviet Block on one hand, and the United States on the other.  A group of average American high school students are caught in the cross fire and must fight to survive when their small country town is occupied by the invaders.<br /><br />Although I'm not one to criticise American jingoism - As an Australian, I believe every country in the world is allowed to toot their own horn - There are parts where the patriotism goes so far overboard that it ends up on the other side of the boat.  I really don't care about American Patriotism, because it's an American Movie made for an American Audience.  They can do what ever they want.  The problem I have with this is that there's too much patriotism in this movie to the point where it starts eating up the scenery.<br /><br />The story is also a big fat fail, on account that there is none; Just the Soviet Union invades the US.  If you look at the movie, all it really is, is just a bunch of events all pasted together with very little to connect them.  There's no over all goal other than 'Let's Kill as Many Communists as we Can and Survive.'  I know this movie was supposed to be a homage to WW2 resistance fighters, but if you're going to go as far as this movie went, at least be creative.<br /><br />The characters themselves also come across as cluttered.  We are given a random bunch of teens, thrown in together by the outbreak of war but they don't work.  This is where the movie losses some of it's shine.  You have at least eight characters all buying for screen time, all trying to look important that I often lost track of who was what, and why they were crying for this person, who had a love interest and why was he a traitor.  Red Dawn tried to come across as a drama, action, comedy, and soap opera all in one, and the end result is schizophrenic.  Too many chefs spoil the brew literally comes to mind with with movie.<br /><br />If there's one saving grace in this film, it's the action.  It's freak'n fantastic.  Reminiscent of those 80's ear action flicks, it's nail biting, intense, on-the-edge-of-your-seat fun.  When the movie ratchets up the action, it keeps you entertained and since this IS an action movie, well, you can't blame the movie for not doing what it set out to do.<br /><br />I'd like to finish of this review by visiting that age old comment that this film demonizes  the Russians.  BS!  That people, is being hypocritical!  Why can't the Soviet Union be the bad guys?  It's like saying, "It's okay for you to be the bad guy but it's not okay for me to be the bad guy!"  Have you ever noticed that nobody cries BOO, when the Nazi's are being shot up?  It's okay to demonizes Nazi Germany, but it's not okay to demonizes Soviet Russia?  Both nations where dictatorships and both were into the habits of brutally suppressing people; People from Poland, Hungary, and the Baltic states really don't have anything nice to say about the USSR.  It's not the Russian's that are being demonized here guys, it's the Russian Government.  Just as the German government is being demonized and not the Germans.<br /><br />Finally, to wrap it all up, I'd like to summarise the movie in once sentence.  Red Dawn is a good watch for an action movie but fails when it tries to be a story movie.
Red Dawn is one of those films that is very enjoyable once you ignore the preposterous premise upon which it is built.  A bunch of kids in red-blooded Colorado are suddenly confronted with a brutal and callous Soviet occupying army bent on destroying their way of life.  They regroup in the hills, and display true patriotic American grit by waging an unrelenting insurgency against the occupiers, all to the cry of "Wolverines!"<br /><br />The movie is fun because we have no problem figuring out who to root for.  The Soviets are a bunch of bumbling thugs who want to destroy the American way of life through overwhelming military force, while our protagonists are just simple Americans who take up arms to defend democracy, their families, country, and way of life.<br /><br />As long as the viewer sees this as a fun and patriotic allegory to the ideals of the American Revolution, there's no harm.  Unfortunately, there were plenty of people in the early 1980s who took the "Evil Empire" rhetoric seriously and actually believed that the Soviet army could somehow mount a surprise invasion of one of the largest, most populous countries in the world with a military budget larger than the all the rest of the military forces in the world combined.  But that sort of paranoia probably contributed to the commercial success of this film.<br /><br />Three years after this film was released, ABC decided to jump on the Soviet-occupation-of-America meme and broadcast an equally implausible week-long miniseries entitled "Amerika".  If you have to choose between them, though, Red Dawn is strongly recommended as an entertaining artifact peering into the paranoid Cold War mindset of the early 1980s.
Instead of concentraing on the film and it's content, I want to talk about the way MGM poorly treated this film on DVD.<br /><br />First is the transfer. I don't know about anyone else, but the picture was very dark in the day sequences. The film looks actually better when it plays on cable. Also the film was very grainy in some spots. MGM has somewhat improved over the years in presenting their films, but this one needs a serious remastering. The audio on the other hand was quite good.<br /><br />Another missed opportunity was in the supplementary material. I would love to have had a commentary by John Milius and or the cast. Maybe even a updated documentay with the cast, director, producers and writers on their reflections of the film. Are they embarrased by it? From what I can recall(I was 13 when the film was released)the film was a hit at the box office.<br /><br />As far as the film goes it was entertaining. You can't help but feels chills when watching some scenes, like the interrogation of the Russian soldier. It definitely reflects some of what's going on in the news today with the War in Iraq.<br /><br />I hope MGM revisits this film and gives it a proper update. Red Dawn deserves it.
Classic 80s movie release in 84 I think.  The message is that we can fight back against tyrants if we are determined and willing to risk our blood, treasure and sacred honor in the cause.  It is a movie of the triumph of the human spirit over great odds.<br /><br />The kids are invaded and fight back against the Russian, Cubans and the Nicaraguans sent to conquer and reeducate the fictional town of Calamut Co.  They learn from a downed F15 driver that in a sneak attack Washington, Omaha and other major cities have been destroyed but the Free American is holding its own against he invaders. They redouble their efforts as insurgents and do more damage and they lose friend to the cause.<br /><br />Though no likely the plot is quite possible and the the insurgency would be an almost impossible movement for any conquerer to wipe out. With FA they would have stood a real chance to win with support.<br /><br />It is a interesting and thought provoking movie, not light fare but one of my Favorites but it took me years to grow to really enjoy it.
Red Dawn  DVD<br /><br />Red Dawn starring Patrick Swayse is the story of some Colorado high schoolers fighting a guerilla war against Soviet and Cuban invaders.<br /><br />If you think this could never happen ask a Polish native about 1939 or a Frenchman about that year,  They didn't think it could happen either.<br /><br />Just about as pro-Second Amendment as it gets.<br /><br />Pay particular attention to the Soviet colonel when he orders one of his men to go around to all the sporting goods stores and collect the form 4473's so they can know where all the firearms are for confiscation.<br /><br />Someone once said:<br /><br />If you want Peace, prepare for War<br />(or As: Si vis pacem, para bellum, in Latin). .  It appears that every generation has to learn that lesson the hard way.<br /><br />Plato said it as "Only the dead have seen the end of war."<br /><br />Highly recommended for fans of action adventure movies.<br /><br />Gunner  December, 2007
Of course, the events portrayed in "Red Dawn" could never have taken place. The US armed forces would never have allowed such an invasion to get a toehold, let alone to be completed - the lessons of Normandy, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa were too fresh in the memory. Besides, no foreign nation could have defeated the US forces on their own ground.<br /><br />That said, the movie constitutes a marvellous mental exercise in seeing things from the other guy's point of view. Scan through the reviews here, and count the references to dealing with the invader the American way - with hot lead, cold steel, etc. Then turn the picture upside down, and imagine the invaders are Americans and British, and the Wolverines are Iraqi or Afghan "insurgents". If you do it quickly enough, you will probably get some invaluable cognitive dissonance, as your ideas are shaken up. Then, perhaps, you will realize that Americans don't have a monopoly on hating and resisting invaders. Everyone feels exactly the same.<br /><br />As an action movie, "Red Dawn" scores high. Apart from the implausibility of the whole scenario, the plot is reasonably credible and consistent. Like "The Patriot" and "Braveheart", it stirs the blood with exciting combat sequences. Strongly recommended for all but military nitpickers.
That's the whole point.  The USSR could never have launched an airborne invasion of Colorado.  Sure, it's a dumb idea.  That's why it's a fun movie -- assuming you like war movies (and if you don't like war movies, you shouldn't be reading this review).<br /><br />A friend of mine who used to be an intelligence officer in a U.S. Army tank battalion loves watching Red Dawn, just to try and identify all the Soviet equipment. It's accurate enough for an action film, even down to the tactics the guerillas use.  (Yes, boys from rural America really do have access to firearms, and they know how to hunt and track.  That was true in 1984, and it's still true today.)<br /><br />Often overlooked are fine performances by Harry Dean Stanton and Powers Booth.  However, more than anything, Red Dawn is an artifact of a time when the world was eye-to-eye with the Evil Empire. If you came of age during the 1980s, this film is redolent with Reagan-era memories, both good and bad.<br /><br />For heaven's sake, just don't take it seriously -- and that goes for both left- and right-wing viewers.
Synopsis:<br />Red Dawn follows that adventures of a group of High School students in mid western America who decide to fight a guerrilla style war against occupying forces after Cuba and the USSR invade America.<br /><br />Review:<br />I rather enjoyed this movie, despite it's unrealistic premise (Russians and Cubans invading in Colorado, a stupid concept actually. Colorado?). It is a real revealing window on the tension America felt during the 1980's and the height of the Cold War.<br /><br />Given the mass amount of reviews on this particular movie, I'm going to pass on reviewing the movie itself, to reviewing the DVD version and its features and flaws.<br /><br />The DVD Version of "Red Dawn" is definitely sub-par and a result of mass-marketing. There was clearly very little effort made to improve the quality of the sound, or picture. I tend to watch my DVDs on a high-res TV. The poor quality of the picture and sound was painfully obvious in this format. It was little better than a video cassette. I'm almost inclined to believe that it was simply copied over from cassette format onto DVD.<br /><br />As for features of the DVD. The film comes on a double-sided DVD, containing a Widescreen and pan and scan version. It also contains one of the theatrical trailers and is translated into French (French is a decent language for an American and Canadian release of this film, but I'm left to wondering, why not Spanish?) In the case itself is a short pamphlet giving a short background of the film.<br /><br />There are no extra features, period. It's a shame, because cast interviews now 20 years later now that the Cold War is over would have been interesting.  I don't think this movie was groundbreaking, but still, given the subject, a retrospective would be fascinating indeed.<br /><br />Overall, (The movie itself aside) given the quality and extra features most DVD releases have these days, this one ranks very low. I give it three stars (would have been lower, but I want to be fair to the movie itself).<br /><br />MGM should know better.
I am really curious now as to how Amazon picks their review authors. This guy Emerson has a right to his opinion and that is what a review is right? The author's opinion of what he is reviewing, but this is too funny to pass up commenting on. Darn good thing we have that pesky First Amendment, eh Jim? That's the one before the one you hate so much.<br /><br />Before you label me, I'm a registered BLANK and not leaning to far right or left these days. Both sides are so full of whack jobs that I vote the person, not the politics now. There are a lot more of us then you think... BWAHAAAHAHAHA! Anyway, on to the review of the review!<br /><br />This "featured" review comes zinging out of left field, dumps it's political venom and then flies off with barely the required 20 words about the product... If you remove the bile this is what you get: "Red Dawn is a paranoid cold-war cautionary tale that presents us not with a rosy alternative past, but with an ominous vision of the future." That's about it. That's pretty accurate actually.<br /><br />The rest proceeds to slam Ronald Reagan, the 1980's as a whole, Sylvester Stallone (who isn't even in this), Vietnam vets, being patriotic, being American, the ability of America to defend itself, the 2nd Amendment (a few times), Star Wars, rural communities, resisting oppression, defending yourself, getting revenge, being masculine, capitalism, Apocalypse Now, sharks, Jaws... and I think he even takes a shot at putting baby in the corner, not sure.<br /><br />All this in a single paragraphical rant about a movie made decades ago that I am guessing he didn't fancy. We all look backwards differently, I get that, but wow... just wow. I think Jim needs a time-out as one of his cats obviously pooped in his Cheerios the morning he wrote this.<br /><br />Anyway, I should review this thing before I get panned right? It's a good flick if you can suspend belief for a couple hours like you were, let's see, oh yeah... watching a MOVIE! Pretty dark and it is nice to see the stars in early roles as you can see the potential. Every one of them went on to some form of greatness in the industry, however fleeting... and finally,  yes I saw this when it came out. In fact I was their age. Still in high school, still 3 years before Reagan made his famous "Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall" speech and still 5 years before the Berlin wall actually came down "historically" ending the Cold War. It's all about perspective, Jim.<br /><br />Ordering the BR version to replace the DVD that replaced the VHS tape. Not counting on a massive improvement, but who knows. ;)
First of all, this movie may not be probable, and certainly isn't in today's world, but why do some people always want to downplay a movie because "it's dated"? Come on for God's sake, every movie comes out at a time when the story is critical and meaningful to current events of that time. If you can't appreciate that fact and respect the movie for it's meaning when it came out, then to heck with you. Go find something else to complain about!<br /><br />With that said, "Red Dawn" came out at a time when cold war tensions were at an all-time high. Anyone remember the made-for-TV movie "The Day After?" It came out around the same time, and almost everyone in the country thought it was important enough to tune in. Even school teachers assigned it to their students. So don't tell me that "Red Dawn" doesn't have any value. For those of us who lived during those times, we know. For those of you who didn't, you need to read your history and respect the fact that something like this MIGHT have really happened if everything fell into place.<br /><br />It was scary, but I thought the movie represented the American fighting spirit/patriotism very well. Back then we still hadn't lost our focus. Back then we were still the good guys(except for the Vietnam snafu), and rightfully so. I think we are still the good guys today, but we've forgotten it. And forget the Democrat vs. Republican debate. I think that ALL politicians are messed up today. We, the U.S. citizens, need to dump party allegiances, demand accountability from all of our leaders, and take back our country!
I remember when this film was first released in 1984, and the controversy surrounding it, became a major topic of discussion among my friends in school. The first PG-13 rated movie to come out into theaters. Yet, despite its right-wing overtones, this film was definately a classic from the start. From beginning to end. And with a cast of brat-packers that would go on to major careers like Patrick Swayze, C. Thomas Howell, Lea Thompson, Charlie Sheen, Powers Boothe, Jennifer Grey, and the like. It even had some classic actors from films from the past like Harry Dean Stanton, William Smith, Ron O'Neal, the late Ben Johnson, Roy Jensen, and the late Vladek Sheybal.<p>Filmed on location in New Mexico, Red Dawn tells the story of the Russians and Cubans invading the United States, and how a group of teenagers, along with a downed U.S. Air Force pilot, fight back against the Communists with everything they have. Like true patriots, they fight for their country, their families, and their homes. Yet, at the same time, while killing off as many of the Communists as they can, some of them get killed off as well. The scene where Robert (C. Thomas Howell) is killed by two Russian helicopters is the most memorable. the characters are muti-dimensional and real, as they are shown as young kids forced into manhood at an alarming rate. These are tragic characters that you feel for and care about as the movie progresses.<p>Despite what some people say about the film, I enjoyed it. This was a movie that I constantly watched when it was on cable, and I could immediately relate to it. Having grown up during the Cold War era, the idea of the Communists invading the USA, was a frightening scenario. And it was a real one. It could have happened, giving the circumstances that the Russians were going through at the time.<p>If you enjoy classic war movies and the works of the young actors in this film, check out Red Dawn. It's a film worth watching.
My goodness this movie can still get some folks worked up can't it? My wife calls me a moderate Republican - which I consider to be a compliment. I like this movie and what it has to say about patriotism, defending ones  home, the destruction of the soul due to warfare, and standing by one's  family and friends. Isn't it interesting that those films which push so  hard beliefs that many find to be offensive, such that the American family  is corrupt and dysfunctional ala American Beauty, are heaped with awards  and critical acclaim. Yet let a movie be made that promotes somewhat more  traditional beliefs like Red Dawn does and it is instantly attacked as a  piece of right wing / white supremacist garbage. If one doubts this just  look at the comments made by Hillary Clinton in regards to Mel Gibson's  movie The Patriot. This movie isn't evil nor is it a handbook for right  wing terrorists. It simply takes a scenario that seemed viable in the early  80's and runs with it. Throughout history gurreilla forces have been  comprised of the young, old, fat, thin, rich and poor. A fight against an  occupation force is alwys vicious and unrelenting. And the Soviets did  engage in atrocities in Afghanistan, the Ukraine, and Hungary in 56 and so  on. I don't understand why so many find it unbelievable that if they had  occupied us they wouldn't have done the same. Perhaps because we are  Americans and  bad things like that don't happen to us? Well this movie is  basically a war movie in the tradition of the forties and at times it isn't  very sophisitcated, but by golly it does move out with a purpose. I just  find the still active controversy over it to be fun. It definitely shows  the difference between we nasty conservatives and the enlightened liberal  elites. I for one thought that the mayor of the town, who serves the  invaders so easily, could be the poster child for the &quot;new&quot;  Centrist Liberals.
If I were to say nothing else about Red Dawn, it contains perhaps the most awe inspiring (while, perhaps, simultaneously stupid) opening of any film I've ever seen. Watch for a South Park, "they killed Kenny.. " moment as a student hangs out a window in a backround shot of the attack on the school.<br /><br />Unfortunately, squabbles between America's right and left have twisted this movie's meaning into something almost unrecognizable. Maybe I am mistaken (certainly, most of the other reviews would disagree with me) but I have never thought there was anything which fundamentally constrained this film's theme to the time and place it is set in. The director, John Milius, takes pains (his characters sometimes explicitly mouth the connection)to draw parrallels between the guerilla actions in the film, and those which occured in Afghanistan, Central America, Vietnam, etc.<br /><br />Murray Rothbard notes in his review how the phases the Russians go through, in countering the film's guerillas, mirror those used by US commanders in Vietnam:<br /><br />"...first the Russian commander decides to hole up in the cities and military bases, into the "safe zones," whereupon the Wolverines boldly demonstrate that in guerrilla war there are no safe zones, and that the "front is everywhere." At that point, another crackerjack Russian commander takes over, and replicates the "search and destroy" counter-guerrilla response of the Green Berets. This is more punishing, but still does not succeed. "<br /><br />Now, to defend home and family from invaders, against whatever odds, is inarguably a personality trait common to any human. That said, Americans (even liberal Americans who pretend otherwise) don't really care about guerilla wars in central America or Afghanistan -not even very much when it's Americans who are fighting against guerillas in Afghanistan. So Milius came up with the fascinating(albeit improbable) scenario that is played out in Red Dawn, where the Soviets invade Colorado.<br /><br />What, though, about this film has caused liberals to detest it so much -and vice-versa for nationalists?<br /><br />I believe the reason nationalists/neo conservatives like this film is simple; it is an exciting film which shows Americans bravely defending their home against foreign invaders. Unfortunately, if the American's roles were reversed, they would probably think it was a film about a brave, occupying American force trying to bring democracy to a backwards land. It would simply never occur to these people (who can compare a nightmare like Abu Ghraib to a fraternity prank) that people in other lands can care as much about defending their land from outsiders as Americans would, or that there are countless Iraqi/Afghani teenagers who are living out their own personal Red Dawn at this moment.<br /><br />As the liberals go; I think that, while they are not necessarily unpatriotic, they are just too self absorbed and fond of being "cool" to be enthusiastic about anything which seems like it might be patriotic. Secondly, liberals dislike guns; more specifically, they dislike guns being portrayed in a positive way. The liberal/collectivist mentality holds that home/self defense is best left to the trained, state sanctioned proffesional -that ordinary people simply cannot be trusted with anything as dangerous as firearms. The former Soviet Union agreed with them. Which brings me to my next point; liberals liked/like the old USSR. Sure, they will condemn Stalin and Mao in a mealy-mouthed, offhand way, but in their hearts they still believe that socialism is a superior social and economic system, which is mearly working it's way through some growing pains. Hence the the hysteria that surrounds this film about it's supposed anti-Soviet message.<br /><br />But enough about those swine.. How does Red Dawn work as a movie ?<br /><br />It certainly has it's faults. It's true that the characters remain rather anonymous and underdeveloped throughout the movie. Some of the action sequences are very exaggerated -there are sequences that would hardly seem out of place in an old, silent comedy movie. I find Milius' hyper-macho, "zen facist" mentality to be a little over the top.<br /><br />Having said all of that, I felt it was a very probable depiction of what it must be like to be a guerilla fighter. Throughout the movie, members of the squad die in grotesque ways, betray each other, flip out mentally, debate the morality of executing enemy soldiers -this is not (entirely) mindless, musclebound movie fodder.  Likewise, the film's portrayal of the other side and why they are fighting is anything but one sided. I think this movie very effectivly conveys, to an American audience, what it must be like to be on the recieving end of a foreign invasion. All of this in a fast paced, exciting 80's style action movie, which never had me bored.<br /><br />A couple of personal reflections:<br /><br />If I had been able to choose any career, when I was a highschool student filling out career aptitude forms, my top 3 choices would have been:<br /><br />1) AK 47 toting guerilla freedom fighter<br /><br />2) AK 47 toting guerilla freedom fighter<br /><br />and<br /><br />3) AK 47 toting guerilla freedom fighter.<br /><br />Lea Thompson and Jennifer Grey do look really good in grubby, army-surplus commando gear. It raises the question, why don't more women don't occasionally toss on a beret or special forces sweater? I would think it would be a low cost way of supplementing a wardrobe and adding a little spice to casual outfits.
For all those (especially those from the former Soviet Union) who dismiss this movie as simple-minded right-wing propaganda I would ask that you read  about the Soviet invasions, and the resulting brutalization, of Hungary,  Czechoslovakia, Poland, and Afghanistan.  The Leninist-Stalinist strain of  communism was aggressive and the brutal behavior of the Soviet army during  that era is well-documented.  The Maoist version is no better (see the  Cultural Revolution and the Tianammen Square massacre).  As for the idea of  high school students managing a small guerrilla war being unrealistic,  check out the recent news articles about Burmese rebels led by 12 year old  twins.  How completely far-fetched!  How laughable!  But it's true.  For  the open-minded, Red Dawn is an interesting and thoughtful examination of  what could have been.  Fortunately, the Reagan administration's economic  and military policies led to the collapse of the Soviet Union and the end  of the Cold War without a shot being fired.  Quite an accomplishment for a  bunch of right-wing warmongerers, don't you think?
I've yet to see a serious review of John Milius' magnum opus, Red Dawn. For the most part, the liberal critics dismiss any discussion of its technical and dramatic strengths and instead focus entirely on the message. The thrust of complaints against Milius and Red Dawn amount to probably some of the most disingenuous criticisms in cinematic history. They critics argue that the audience should reject whatever Milius was trying to say (he's a conservative and board member of the NA) because the scenario is NOT REALISTIC and just a propaganda vehicle. I've always wondered how liberals, who draw the line at "it's bad" when it comes to understanding war, have the gall to judge the credulity of any piece in the genre.<p>My main objection with the Left's attack on "Red Dawn" is their refusal to acknowledge that Milius' focus on the Wolverines represents only a snapshot of a far larger, broader story the remains ever present in the background. When critics complain about how incredulous it is for the Soviets and their Latin allies to attack a small town in Colorado, they purposely misunderstand the message Milius explicitly delivered through the Wolverine's conversation with Col. Tanner--these kids are only a small set of actors in a much larger war.<p>It doesn't take that much of a mental exercise necessary to justify the period's well thought out belief that the Soviets could exploit their adventures in Latin America to invade the United States. Between Vietnam and the "nuclear freeze" movement, right before the Reagan build up, the West was essentially in retreat throughout the entire globe. Whether or not the Soviets could've succeeded in this gamble is another debate, but "Red Dawn" is a story of extraordinary times and circumstances albeit with careful attention to the real world.<p>Even so, the focus on the realism of Red Dawn's background story is an attempt to get away from the really other stunning aspects of the film. You may disagree with the conservative themes in this film, but one thing John Milius does very well is let his views flow naturally from the experiences of his characters and the realities of war. There is no Rush Limbaugh avatar reaching into the film to preach through Patrick Swayze or Harry Dean Stanton, something Aaron Sorkin can't help but injecting into the endless banter that has become staple to the "The West Wing."<p>The most clever critics realize that thematically Red Dawn is a success, so they go after the acting -- after all, that's where half of Milius' conservative propaganda is coming from. Yet more often than not they dismiss this important part of the film's success without a single attempt to specify their objections. You might ask what people should expect in the way of expressions and dialogue from high school kids who've been conditioned into guerillas , and I can't say that the kids in the "Lord of the Flies" featured the timely emoting that we see from say Swayze's character when they first arrive in the mountains. The terse, yet clearly emotional and meaningful chatter between the Wolverines is strikingly credible, and surpassed only by Harry Dean Stanton's powerful performance as a Midwestern blue collar thrown into a detention center and Ron O'Neal's slow yet well paced descent into disillusionment with his tiny slice of the war.<p>There's wide agreement that the cinematics were decent given the budget involved and the technology of the time. The art direction apparantly was so successful that two CIA case officers were alarmed by the attention to detail given to the T-72 main battle tank mock ups. Over all, Red Dawn maybe one of the most original, well done pieces from the 1980s.
I don't know how many times I watched it during junior high. I loved it. Now in my late 30s, I still think it's an outstanding adventure with great acting, a great story, and a message that's as important as ever. Looking back, it's stunning that Hollywood even produced such a film.
Great little movie , it was though the writer ,producer and director had looked in to the future forseeing the destruction of the country.<br />Foreign troops russian and cubans oppressing,killing our people , fathers mothers children and atomic war destoring our cities. Yet a small band of untrained youth take up the action and fight back , all the young actors played great parts , Patrick Swayze , charlie sheen a strong brother connection of leadership , C F Howell Lea Thompson and Jennifer Grey  adapting thru fear tears to become strong willing to give their lives for freedom. Made in 1984 , Los Vegas New Mexico , everyone should see it and consider its message that was openly displayed by the writer ,Valkyrie and Sidney Beckman Know how to stirr your emotions and leave with WHAT IF !!!!!!!!!<br />LUDDY
John Milius, the director of this movie, was blacklisted for this title. Communism was sturring during those days and he brought the worst side and possibilities of it out into the open.
Many Americans think that bad guys cannot take over the US.  Perhaps the plot of this film is not likely, but it was far more possible than I think many Americans realize.  The film is thought provoking, and entertaining if you like adventure films.  It also reaffirms the moral bankruptcy of communism and other totalitarian regimes.  Many critics do not like this film because it leaves the impression that our individual ownership of weapons is a very important right under our Constitution.  Our founding fathers knew that.  This film just makes the modern case for the necessity of our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, and the danger of totalitarian governments.
Despite the somewhat bombastic patriotism, this film does have its parallels in history.  Taking lessons from the Russian and Yugoslav partisans in World War II, the filmaker has set the scene in a Colorado  town using a 1970s Army War College scenario of an overwhelming  conventional assault on the continental United States as a backdrop.  With  this as a beginning, the film actually portrays a believable situation.  The acting is above average, with several good performances by Powers  Booth, Patrick Swazye and Jennifer Grey.  You'll also see some other faces  of the hollywood &quot;brat pack&quot; in small parts, most notably Charlie  Sheen.  For those who say &quot;it couldn't happen&quot;, one only needs to  look as far as the Crimea, Ukraine, Yugoslavia, and France from 1941-1944.
