Great character actors Michael Rooker and Blanche Baker headline this low budget shocker about a strange creature lurking beneath icy waters. While it's good to see these seasoned vets, I couldn't help but wish they had a better film to support their talents. While Rooker makes the most of his role as a father and husband pushed to defend his family, Baker seems oddly strained and robotic. But performances aside, there is little in "Hypothermia" to excite movie-goers. You've seen so many variations of this story (back to the Creature From The Black Lagoon), "Hypothermia" really needed to bring something new or interesting to the discussion. And it really doesn't. The plot, such as it is, seemed stretched even with a scant 73 minute running time. The screenplay forces characters to consistently make the most idiotic choices to protract the story to its bloody conclusion. For example, after battling the underwater monster through several deaths, one character decides to lay down right next to a fishing hole for a rest. Genius, huh? I know that's what I'd do! You'd have to be as lame-brained as the characters not to foresee the result of this poor decision.<br /><br />"Hypothermia" is, in the most classic sense, a throw-back to the cheapie monster movies of the fifties. Wait until you get a look at the murderous creature in question. It's a guy in a poorly fitting SCUBA suit and a bad mask. Far more silly than horrifying, this is a movie that would definitely have benefited by leaving the menacing creature largely unseen. But that's not the choice the makers went with, the creature is front and center and elicits a few more laughs than screams. Rooker and his family have a house on the shores of an icy lake. He, his wife, his son, and his son's girlfriend wander out for a day of ice fishing. A couple of clowns show up to share the ice with them. The father is so over-the-top, he seems to be impersonating Danny McBride at his most outrageous. When encountered with the dangerous beast, they eschew all logical choices to serve themselves up as fish food. It's all so awkward and clunky and familiar, there's not much fun to be had.<br /><br />Maybe that's my primary problem with "Hypothermia." It takes itself so darn seriously. A little camp or humor would have lightened things up immeasurably. I love bad movie monster mayhem more than most. But "Hypothermia" wants to play as a straight-up shocker. But without genuine thrills or originality, it falls short of its goals. I loved the ridiculous creature! In a humorous spoof, it would have been an outrageously successful creation. But is it scary? Don't make me answer that. Enacting every cliche that you've come to expect, "Hypothermia" simply doesn't serve up satisfying drama or tension. The 73 minutes felt easily twice as long, especially when their cozy house is just a few paces away from the deadly mayhem. A silly and unoriginal misfire. KGHarris, 9/12.
I don't mean the "good old days",  in the sense of films with somebody in a rubber monster suit, which is what this is like, but I mean, the good old days when Dark Sky Films actually put out reissues of obscure & forgotten films that were fantastic.  The good old days before they took the low road like Anchor Bay and started releasing mediocre stuff that was Syfy quality or worse.<br /><br />Hypothermia is yet another mediocre offering in a long long list of mediocre offerings.  Family goes ice fishing, meet up with obnoxious self-made man & son who arrive to do the same but have way more "stuff", most all meet with early demises due to presence of rubber suit monster who was never any problem before this year.  Hmm.  Wonder why?  Anyway, I can't say this is the worst film I've ever seen, because there are plenty of things worse than this, but don't consider that an endorsement of the quality of this film.  At 73 minutes it's a tolerable time-waster but nothing more.  And the ending?  Hmm, yeah, a great idea for when one has run out of ideas, I guess, but it didn't do it for me.  C-
I like these kind of movies and I like Michael Rooker, but this one fails miserably.  With little or no explanation to the hokey 'monster', you spend the entire time not understanding how it exists, how Rooker came to the lake his whole life and never saw it, why it waited until it was stuck under the ice before hunting humans, why it wounds first or sometimes kills, why why why....Sure, some creative license is understood in a low budget horror flick, but this one just goes to far - wait until the ending if you are not convinced I am correct.  You reach a point of not caring about the characters or whether this creature lives on to kill another day. Dare I mention that the creature is a modern ripoff of the Creature from the Black Lagoon...
HYPOTHERMIA is one of those "creature features" that would have been more successful had the film gone more humorous or campy.  Unfortunately, the film takes itself way too seriously including a creature that is an actor in a silly looking scuba diver's suit!<br />Venerable character actors Michael Rooker and Blanche Baker give adequate performances in cliche-driven roles and there is a certain eeriness in the snowy landscapes.  Blood and gore are utilized but tame compared to current standards.  At only 73 minutes, HYPOTHERMIA passes quickly, so it might work as a double bill on Halloween!
"We're gonna need a bigger hole."  Ray (Rooker) and his family are together again for another ice fishing trip. While they are out on the ice enjoying themselves another father and son show up and quickly start to annoy Ray and family. When they notice something "as big as a sturgeon" they come up with a plan to catch it. When it starts to attack them the plan changes and saving lives are the priority. I  am a fan of the cheesy sci/fy channel movies, the over the top acting and bad effects make them fun to watch, going in I was expecting that level of film making from this one. I have to say this was in most cases better then that level. The acting wasn't good but wasn't awful either. I can actually say that about most of the movie. While the movie isn't "good" it doesn't really do anything to annoy or make you want to stop watching. The movie seemed to know what it was and didn't try to do too much, which is a rare thing lately. The only exception to that was the last two minutes, without trying to give anything a way it was a HUGE cop-out ending and the horrible beast was pretty much a dude in a swamp thing costume you can find at Walmart...other then the ending though this wasn't terrible. Overall, not as bad as I expected and if you are into cheesy movies this one will do. I give it a C+.
I've been watching films since the 1950's, so my opinion should count for something.<br />James Felix McKenney (Director) has come a long way. In this film you can see he has learned one of the most important lessons in film-making: Really good actors can make any premise believeable. Blanche Baker as the Mother must be mentioned for her wonderfully enacted role. She was sooo good! And,of course, Michael Rooker was superb.<br />I just felt that I should write a good & kind review for "Hypothermia" because, in my mind, I will always think of it as one of my favorite low budget-modern day-old timey Monster Movies!<br />PS- I always, always buy DVD's when I see that Larry Fessenden has had a hand in their production or writing or acting. (Glass Eye Pix) To me his name is a sign of quality and good fun to be had! And be sure NOT to forget Larry's Audio CD's of Creepy,Old-Timey Radio Tales. They are also a lot of fun! (And,No- I don't know Larry....just his work!)
Being a big time horror fan and a diehard collector I love this movie alot, the acting and special effects were right on point.<br />You encounter a lake monster in the dead winter was a brilliant idea and concept, the monster effects was hands down freaking awesome and unique. Hypothermia is a downright horror/science fiction monster you must have in your collection of monster films. Having this film in my horror collection is truly a honor, hats off to MPI Media Group, Glass Eye Pix and Dark Sky Films for bringing and distributing this film to horror fans like myself who live and breathe horror films. Hypothermia gets 2 thumps, a perfection 10 and 5 stars...HYPOTHERMIA KICKS MAJOR BUTT IN THE GENRE OF MONSTER/HORROR FILMS:)
Visually masterful underground cinema. The bleak, but beautiful setting of the frozen lake is warped by a minimalistic luciferian score. The pacing is hypnotic, at times slow, but meditative.<br /><br />I enjoyed the plot, which was a tongue-in-cheek combination of fishing, family drama, and horror. It was a weird mix of exactly what you'd expect and complete ridiculousness. It could use some more tits and more gore, but maybe that will happen in part 2.<br /><br />The acting is b-movie camp outside of Michael Rooker and Amy Chang. You've got to listen closely to grab some of the bizarre stuff the characters say with straight faces.<br /><br />It seems that swimming below the traditional genre flourishes there is a subversive social message. I definitely didn't watch it for the relevant message, but instead enjoyed it for the eerie tension and creepiness.<br /><br />This is my favorite McKenney film with Automatons trailing close behind it.
