I understand all the complaints. I believe I am the first to review the actual DVDs. By the fifth inning of the first game, I forgot my issues with picture quality and started to enjoy the games. By most any measure, Game 6 is one of greatest games in World Series history. And that's the way it comes across here, with all the post-game interviews and comments included. In my case, some of the post-game stuff is new because my local station cut in with the "11 o'clock news." But, all the games are interesting...seven game World Series with two evenly-matched teams are very rare these days.<br /><br />I am disappointed with the Bonus DVD, which is a recap of the two playoff series, and a small portion of the Cardinals victory parade. Why bother, if that's all you show?<br /><br />For Cardinal fans (like me) who are upset about Albert Pujols leaving for the Angels, it was chance to watch Albert for one last time. I am angry about Pujols leaving, but again the World Series is so interesting, he eventually becames just part of an unusally interesting sports event. David Freese, Lance Berkman and Chris Carpenter are the Cardinal heros, except for Pujols's three-homer game.<br /><br />Give the DVDs a chance!
This complete collection of every minute of play from every game of the 2011 World Series -- one of the most exciting in decades -- is an essential addition the the collection of any baseball fan.  From Albert Pujols' historic barrage in Game Three to the remarkably dramatic Game Six comeback(s) to the final out of Game Seven, it is all here in crystal clear video.  Even if you are not a Cardinals fan (but especially if you are!) this is just the thing to get you through the long winter before the start of spring training.<br /><br />I last purchased one of these collectors boxes back in 2006 (connect the dots ...).  A new feature since then which is worth mentioning is that you can now choose from a total of four audio tracks: the FOX television broadcast (Joe Buck, Tim McCarver), the Spanish language telecast, and local radio broadcasts from St Louis and Texas.  This is a real treat for fans like me who listen to a lot of games on the radio and enjoy listening to the home town broadcast team call the game -- especially as it is presented here synced up perfectly with the video.  The addition of these extra audio tracks means that you can enjoy each game a number of times from a fresh perspective each time.<br /><br />Pay ball!
This box set is INCREDIBLE! All the Fox broadcasts with alternate audio (that doesn't always line up perfect). Each DVD has its own case that has statistics and the inning by inning breakdown in the liner notes. The games all look great. Game 6 is INCREDIBLE!!!!!! Watching the last 5 innings of that game will give ANY baseball fan goosebumps. This was the best World Series of my lifetime. The DVD's are great and the packaging and presentation is fantastic. WATCH GAME 6, AMAZING!!!
Great quality both video and sound.  It is a good way to spend the winter reliving what is one of the greatest of the four Cardinal World Series of my time.  This is a must for any avid Cardinal fan and is an outstanding addition to my collection.
Great set of DVD's to remember a GREAT World Series!!! A must-have for true fans of the birds-on-0the-bat!!! Mine was a gift...for me...yours can be to!!!!
Unfortunately the DVD set doesn't include your own personal memories, or the pandemonium that broke out wherever you were during the miracle that was Game 6.  But you'll never forget where you were.<br />But the DVDs DO include everything you saw on the TV.  And that's really all we can ask for.
As soon as Game 6 happened I knew I would have to find the DVD set, even if we ended up losing the series (fortunately we won Game 7 as well) to be able to show my children and my childrens children.. like 06, this was a very improbable world series win with an underdog cards team that never quit, even being down 2 runs and with 1 strike left TWICE, even being 10.5 games out of even making the playoffs with just over a month left in the season, this team never said die and always played to try and have the "happy flight"...<br />And with the price of this set here, it was impossible to pass up... every world series game in its entireity, 8 disc set, beyond well worth the awesome price set for a historic series that should find a sacred spot on the shelf of any STL fan...
Sincerely, I did not purchase this product for me. It was a present for the most important and special person in life: my spouse. Sometimes, a detail, a different item "makes somebody's day". I am very glad there is Amazon where to get the presents for the humans we appreciate and care about. A present that somebody is going to enjoy. So far, there is no complaint or negative comment about this present.
We are true cardinal fans and this is a must to have! Re-LIVE the excitement! Re-LIVE the moments that made history!!  Will enjoy for years to come...
If you are a Cardinal Fan this is a must set, great games and excellent extra's. All baseball fans will enjoy.
I'm thrilled to have the games from the entire 2011 World Series.  I even love the disc covers that give the stats for each game.
This a great gift for any Cardinals fan.  Game 6 is the most entertaining game I've ever watched.<br /><br />Loyal Cards fan since 1982.
This full set of the 2011 World Series, showing every pitch etc. without commercial interruption, with the Fox broadcasters, just as you saw it on TV, is great for Cardinal fans, especially of course Game 6, but now that the price is more reasonable than when it first came out last winter, why not get all 7 games?
One of the best baseball comebacks in history.  Game 6 one of the best games ever.  I do wish this box set included game 5 of the NLDS Cardinal/Phillies game - one of the best pitching duels ever with Chris Carpenter and Roy Halladay.
Every play of every game of the incredible 2011 World Series. We all know how it played out, but seeing it over is so comforting. The 6th game will go down in WS history as perhaps the most amazing single game ever.
How can you not love rewatching the 2011 World Series. I would greatly recommend this to any St Louis Cardinals fans.
Took a while & 7 games, BUT ....<br />MY 'CARDS' won the World Series!!!<br />(now, I can relive every inning!!)<br /><br />Thanks 'Yall'!!!
I was thrilled to find what I was looking for at such a terrific price. Stores around my home were wanting $25.00 more for this item. It was a last minute purchase & I hoped to recieve by Christmas. I took a chance & did not purchase the faster delivery postage, and recieved my item in record time. Thank You! Again I experienced great service from Amazon.
I don't know if the DVDs are good because it was a Christmas present.  I will say that the person I purchased it for was overjoyed.
This is one of the greatest highlights of the St. Louis Cardinals in a World Series or any World Series ever.
Love getting the chance to relive the finish to the Cardinals' amazing season! The quality of the DVDs is truly incredible.
This was a Christmas gift for 3 of the men in my life.  They were all excited to receive it and have already watched a good deal of it.
i am waiting for the release - could not watch every game and was bummed mlb.tv didn't offer the games on line this year.  but i'll be buying this for my collection.  a big time baseball fan so any world series release is welcome in our household.  happy the cards won of course but because the series went the distance, they will be no lds or lcs games included as an extra. still happy to get this and go cards.
i wanted the complete three world series games played in texas (i got to go to them) and this was the cheapest way to get them.
Because the series was fantastic...great video. It captures all the excitement without the worry. It's a great gift for every Cardinal fan.
Not much to say, unless you're a Texas fan this is a top quality collection of some of the best baseball games ever played.
Mike always has this annual baseball register available for Seamheads.  There are no longer any record books or registers on the market save this one.  One of baseball's major attractions is its records, but for some strange reason no one sees a market for published editions.  Who's Who in Baseball is now the Lone Ranger.  Internet sources are inconvenient while watching a ballgame.  We still need books!  Thanks, Mike for always being there.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0910692327">2012 Who's Who in Baseball</a><br />JG
I WENT TO GAME 6 OF THE 2011 WORLD SERIES.WANTED DVD OF IT.THIS SET IS AWESOME.COMPLETE GAMES MINUS COMMERCIALS.IF YOU ARE A CARDINAL FAN BUY IT
Would it be better if they released this in HD?  Yes, it obviously would.  But I own the 2006 World Series collection from A&E as well and knew ahead of time it would be sold in standard definition.  But I'm a Cardinals lifer since 1988 and there is no chance I wasn't going to purchase this and the other video they sold that was in HD format.  I've watched the 2006 DVD over and over again and can't wait for this to reach my house so I can watch the 2011 World Series over and over again.
You could buy each episode on itunes, they're not available in HD, but for $14 total, and $22 more for the NLDS and NLCS, this is a steal, and you can get them right now... (even though Joe Buck and Tim McCarver are terrible)
I bought the 2006 edition on DVD and it was great.  I was waiting for this in Hi Def as the entire series was shot that way but alas it does not appear that it will be available.  What gives.  Is MLB losing it.  They have not had Bluray editions of any of the past world series and I would have expected it for at least the last 3.<br /><br />So disappointed.  Common MLB we what it in high deffinition!!!!!<br /><br />Oh the games were great and I want to see game 6 over and over again but I still want it on BluRay.<br /><br />Update: While there is still no BluRay Amazon did lower the price to 31.99 so I finally broke down and bought it.  The games are great and for 32 I can live with DVD but come on MLB they should be in hi-def.
While I don't condone people stealing their content, decisions by backward thinking organizations like MLB all but assure that people are going to.  Putting out non-HD content in this day and age is like putting out black and white videos in 1980.  Whoever wants to buy this content wants it in BluRay HD, not DVD.  So these people are going to steal it off the internet to get it in the format that they want because MLB won't provide it.  I truly believe most of these people would pay for it if MLB offered it.  But since they don't, MLB loses money.  Again, I don't condone stealing your content, but I also don't condone paying for this content since it is in a near-defunct format.  Save your money until MLB gets their act together and puts it out in a modern format.
By no stretch of the imagination was this a great World Series, However, it was very, very good. It will not hold a spot with the great series like 1975(Reds/Red Sox) 1986 (Mets/Red Sox) 1991 (Twins/Braves) 2001 (Diamondbacks/Yankees). Rather it will be remembered among some very good series like 1982 (Cardinal/Brewers) 1987 (Twins/Cardinals) 1997(Marlins/Indians) 2002(Angels/Giants). With that said there is no doubt I will be adding it my collection. Game 6 and the great Cardinals comeback makes it worth the purchase. Besides, it was nice to see a class orginazation like The Cardinals win another title. It will be on my self among the other very, very good and great World Series games in my collection.
I don't see why the most recent World Series can't be put on Blu-Ray and watched/enjoyed in High Def. I can understand the 1985 or 1979 World Series being DVD only. But with every World Series I've seen since I got an HD TV in 2005 being broadcast in HD, I see absolutely no reason to continue to sell an inferior product like this when better stuff is available.<br /><br />Personally, I don't like the Cardinals and found Game 6 to be the single worst sports moment since Cabrera and Bream beat the Pirates in 1992. But I think the fans of the Cardinals should be able to enjoy watching the game for years to come in HD. Not an old, out of date format.
