I was FORCED to give at least 1 star.  I would have given a 0 or asked for one back...<p>I have three different versions of Africa Screams and this is by far the worst transfer I've ever seen.  Goodtimes Home Video has Africa Screams on DVD (6.99 @ Wal-Mart) and looks as good as anything Universal has ever put out for A&amp;C.<p>Sound and video on these DVD's are worse than the VCD I picked up on EBay for 5 bucks.  <p>This is the third DVD I have from MADACY and they are ALL very poor quality.  The video tapes would look much better.  This is a waste of money at any price.  Others companies (Goodtimes Home Video and Platinum) have the same movies.  I suggest those.
Madacy has done it again...taken what could have been decent DVD's and turned them into trash. The video transfer from film is very poor, but the worst is the audio. Madacy has a history of producing low-cost low-quality  legacy DVD's, just look at other reviews of Madacy titles (check out  Charlie Chaplin DVD's). This is a shame because younger folks who've never  seen these classics may walk away with the wrong impression. If you really  want these titles get this one, it looks cheaper than ASIN B00000IC8F  (which has the same titles &amp; release dates).  But Caveat Emptor folks.
Madacy has done it again...taken what could have been decent DVD's and turned them into trash.  The video transfer from film is very poor, but the worst is the audio.  Madacy has a history of producing low-cost low-quality  legacy DVD's, just look at other reviews of Madacy titles (check out  Charlie Chaplin DVD's).  This is a shame because younger folks who've never  seen these classics may walk away with the wrong impression.
This Abbott and Costello Double Feature from the Roan Group offers high-quality copies of AFRICA SCREAMS and JACK AND THE BEANSTALK, two ubiquitous "public domain" titles that can be found almost anywhere DVDs are sold. While it's superior to most copies in circulation, the Roan edition of AFRICA SCREAMS is not as crisp as some others. For example, the $1 disc from Digiview has noticeably sharper picture quality, particularly in an early sequence when Bud and Lou are outside Hillary Brooke's mansion at night. Curiously, both editions seem to have used the same source material for their DVD transfers, although the Digiview version cunningly edits out the copyright notice in the opening credits. (See my review for the Digiview release.)<br /><br />That leaves JACK AND THE BEANSTALK, and if you've been searching for the best DVD copy currently available, this is it. (It seems to have been taken from the Image Entertainment laserdisc, which also featured some extras not included here.) The print used for this transfer was in excellent shape, and is a faithful representation of how the film was originally released in 1952: the opening and closing sequences are in sepiatone, and the "Super Cinecolor," though not as vibrant as Technicolor, is pleasing to the eye. (In most copies of JACK AND THE BEANSTALK, the color is washed out and dupey-looking.) It also has the original Warner Brothers opening logo and the closing-door "End" title that are missing from other DVD editions.<br /><br />Both of these films were independently produced by the team. AFRICA SCREAMS is the funnier of the two, but neither can be ranked with their best efforts for Universal. (Although as a kid, JACK AND THE BEANSTALK was one of my favorite A&C pictures, and contains a number of still-amusing sequences.)<br /><br />Since excellent-quality copies of AFRICA SCREAMS are available on other, cheaper discs, it would depend on how badly you want JACK AND THE BEANSTALK to pay the $19.98 list price for this edition. This is a title most collectors can live without. However, if you want to add it to your library, it is worth the extra expense to spare yourself having to sit through the generally mediocre copies available from other distributors. If you're planning to start collecting the team's films on DVD, I would suggest beginning with one of the first three BEST OF ABBOTT AND COSTELLO "Franchise Collection" volumes from Universal, which contain eight movies per two-disc set. You can generally find them for around $20 each...the same price as this Roan Group disc, which is best suited for completists.
Abbot and Costello were a comedy team for a long times until the fought more then they acted. As a result of the on-screen chemistry - many memorable moments in film history were created. (Who could forget Abbot and Costello Meet Frankenstein? A classic.)<p>This very cheep DVD features two of their funniest films and great for kids too. Africa Screams and Jack And The Beanstalk. Africa Screams is hysterical. It puts all the stereotypical impressions of the African Culture and mixes them with Abbot and Costello. What could be funnier?<p>Jack And The Beanstalk was cleverly written and involves music, magic harps and a lot of character performances all mixed in with the humor that is only Costello's brand. He plays Jack and boy do you realize what a mess the fantasy world would be in if he was actually there!<p>The quality of the transfer is not the best I have seen, but the movies speak for themselves. And, it's a great price!
Both "Africa Screams" & "Jack and the Beanstalk" have been around for years. The two films were once available in Super 8 & 16mm dupes of varying quality. The Roan Group DVD is simply a copy of the Image Ent Laser Disc from the 1990's. Screams suffers the most as the first 30 minutes is very soft, and has a greenish tint to it. The remaining 50 minutes is great though. Beanstalk is BEAUTIFUL and has all original Warner Brothers opening and closing credits. Be mindful that it is the original release version running 78 minutes, not the 81 minute pre-view version. All in all a good buy, just don't expect the best quality.
Africa Screams and Jack & The Beanstalk are both what I would consider average Abbott and Costello films, not quite as good as their earlier films or the first meet the monsters series, but they are still entertaining<br />Africa Screams has the comedy duo in Africa due to a misunderstanding looking for diamonds - this one has Clyde Beatty, Frank Buck and a giant orangutan (a nod to the 1949 Mighty Joe Young)<br />Jack and the Beanstalk is the Abbott and Costello version of this well known fairy tale, and its in color ! Entertaining to a certain great<br />These 2 films has been released by numerous DVD companies, but the one to get is the release from the Roan Group. The transfers are incredibly clear ( taken from a laserdisc I believe)<br />So if you like Abbott and Costello like I do, and collect all of their films, the good and the bad, I would recommend getting this particular DVD of it.
africa screams in one of my favorites of abbot and costello, it funny and lots of great fun and acting lot of it seems silly but i like it because its got some real people in it, meaning the real clide beaty or the other one. the jack in bean stalk is kinda silly for me but kids should like it alot. africa kinda has real things that would happen.
I agree with the previous reviewer 100% regarding the Roan edition.  It would have to be my choice because Jack and the Beanstalk includes the trailer.
if i could give this 0 stars, nothing could get this to play. the audio stunk. the video stunk even more. not worth any price. if anyone knows a way to get a version of this that is watchable, feel free to point it out in your review.
Jack &amp; The Beanstalk...an amusing film for an adult but really good for young children.  Basically it's the story of an old woman who lived in a shoe, little boe peep and jack and the beanstalk.  All of the kids fairy tales in this amusing movie.  Africa Screams here would be the better picture for adults however.  Africa Screams which features 2 of the Stooges third stooge(Joe Besser and Shemp Howard)Shemp's character is rather unamusing and Joe Besser's character is ok.  But the stars that shine here as always are Bud Abbott &amp; Lou Costello. Very funny picture and this 2 dvd combo is definitly a worthwhile purchase.
I have just received my copy of Africa Screams/Jack and the Beanstalk and I'm seriously considering returning it. In this day of computer enhancements and digital restorations why does this transfer look like it was done by a blind, deft Saint Bernard. I have over three hundred DVD's to date in my collection and I have never seen a transfer this bad. It appears to have been copied from a third generation VHS tape originally recorded at SLP speed. The scratches, dropouts' lack of contrast and poor sound quality makes this DVD a waste of money. The color in Jack in the Beanstalk continually shifts and bleeds through each scene and the black and white sequences also shift from B&amp;W to blue at scene changes. Add to that the same scratches and lack of picture quality as Africa Screams gives you two inexcusably bad copies for the price of one. I for one, will not purchase any more transfers from MADACY in Canada
I love these films so much! Growing up these were some of my favorites.  Africa Screams has so many classic scenes! Jack and the Beanstalk is so hilarious!  The only problem with this is the poor quality. For a dvd it  is quite disappointing. To be honest though, Its not that big of a deal to  me! When I owned them on video growing up, they were bad quality anyway. It  is a great deal to get both of these films together! I still would  recommend buying this dvd!
Ok, here it is. I am a huge fan of Abbott and Costello movies. Africa  Screams is a decent one and has many funny moments but its not their best.  Jack and The Beanstalk is ok but thats about it. You won't go wrong  watching these movies though. So, on this DVD double feature i went Ape and  Not Giant if you get my drift. Ape for Africa Screams and throw out the  magic beans for Jack and the Beanstalk. 3 stars is all i could give!
