Gripping Psychological Horror Film
"One Of Michael Mann's Best!"
INTERESTING, BUT UNEVEN!
Manhunter review
Outstanding performance by William Peterson
A great thiller
GRIM AND GRIPPING PSYCHOLOGICAL THRILLER...
A great Murder Mystery
Creepy, but not quite "Red Dragon"
An OK movie, a GREAT book
good transfer...bad transfer
Did you even know this movie existed?
Mann is a highly underrated director...
The Toothfairy rules all
A modern classic
F-O-C-U-S !!!
One of the best thrillers ever made .......
The original and best version FINALLY on DVD!
Excellent film, but DO NOT bother buying the Limited Edition
Rating is for the movie, not Anchor Bay's destruction of it.
Yes, better than &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;
Astonishing Unforgettable Glance Into Homicidial Dementia
Michael Mann's Take On The 'Hannibal Lector' Saga
Go ahead and buy the full screen edition
The Original Movie about the "Red Dragon"
A little too into its own psycobabbel but brian cox is outstanding
Best Hannibal Lecter Movie
Great but forgotten
Just As Good As The Others If Not Better
It's just Manhunter and me now sport!
The bar was set high right here...
Miami Vice with psychopaths
**now there are THREE versions**
The Greatest Movie Ever Of Its Genre!
manhunter
A Classic
good movie
The suspense and drama are well done
from the Thomas Harris book "Red Dragon"
Hopkins is still to come
The First 'Hannibal' On Screen
The tooth fairy strikes again!
How to learn about a serial killer, and learn about yourself
Manhunter (director's cut edition)
Divimax Treatment for a seminal 80s classic!
Petersen, Cox, Spinotti, Mann -- Masters at Work
Creepy and Intense
Underdone movie or overdone book?
Great movie with only a few flaws
michael manns' manhunter
...good
Dated &amp; Overrated
Manhunter - The First 'Red Dragon'
A  Claustrophobic  Mind-Game !
The 1-Disc MANHUNTER is the way to go
Great film tragic presentation.
Do I HAVE to give it a whole star?
Great thriller
Intense story and superb acting by Mr. Petersen
What if &quot;The Red Dragon&quot; was done ala &quot;Miami Vice&quot;?
Far superior to the film &quot;Red Dragon&quot;
Manhunter vs Red Dragon
Excellent Directing & Cinematography!
Spellbinding Thriller that Stands on its Own!
outstanding thriller
Could have been
Terrific Thriller no one saw.
Best of the Rest.
Best 80's detective film - Bar none
A 3-star movie with one demerit for this videocassette
Deserves more attention
Great thriller. Until the end.
The doctor is in...
What Most People Dont Understand is...
The Scariest Lecter
Rent it before you buy it
Suspenceful movie!!  Very true to the Book!!
A Must See Film!
Noo
A Great Original Film
Overrated 80's relic
BEST EVER
Enter the Dragon
Two stars out of sympathy.
One of the best flicks of all time....
I don't know what movie everyone else is watching, but...
Manhunter meets Red Dragon
Horrible
Soothing thriller
Well done
Breakthrough film...
Terrific film only slightly let down by undeserved transfer.
Better than Silence and Hannibal
Manhunter is a treat....
Taken on Its Own Merits
The best Thriller ever!
"No beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity."  "But I know none, and therefore I am no beast."  Richard III, Act 1, Scene 2
In many ways, a better thriller than &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot;
Manhunter
SEE THIS BEFORE &quot;RED DRAGON&quot; IS RELEASED!
RESTORED DIRECTOR'S CUT DIVIMAX EDITION
It's Just You and Me Now, Sport.
William Petersen, the most underrated actor ever.
Before there was SILENCE, there was MANHUNTER
Intense Thriller
William Peterson ,Michael Mann
wow
An Overlook stroke of brilliance or Ying&Yang of Lector
Fine the way it is.
I like Michael Mann
Ponderous Thriller Falls Flat
"But be warned...
Hannibal the Cannibal meets Miami Vice
Prequal Silence of the Lambs Meets Miami Vice.
You decide...
William Petersen just isn't even a poor man's Jodie Foster.
I guess I missed it.
Decent but not great.
Interesting....... dated, but has some strengths - 2 Stars
If you loved Red Dragon, do yourself a favor and skip this
Comic Relief, Duran Duran Ikealand Version
Promising but underdeveloped
Inferior to "Red Dragon"
boring but creepy
Manhunter (or The Great Red Dragon)
Buy the version with the guy with the flashlight on the cover 1st.  True fans will also want to buy the Divimax version as well.
DON'T believe it every time they say "director's cut"
GRIM AND GRIPPING PSYCHOLOGICAL THRILLER...
Superior in every way to Silence of The Lambs!
Interesting, but if you like the film buy the other version!
[3.5]--The forgotten movie that is taken on its own terms
Absolutely Amazing
"He Gave Us a Recipe For Potato Chip Dip."
A remarkable classic!
True adaptation
Dream Much, Will?
Michael Mann is my hero
Better looking than the Limited Edition's Directors Cut
The first, arguably the best
Terrible Rendition of a Great Movie
Terrific stylistic thriller
Smell Yourself
Under-rated.
The original is still the best
An Effective Thriller.
GENTLEMAN FROM KRAKOW MAY BE RIGHT
Better than  *Silence of the Lambs* . . .
Lock the doors, pull the drapes...
A comment on commentary...
Forget the rest, this one's the best!
Stylish And Well-Assembled.
Finally, The Original Theatrical Release!
Manhunter LE
"Time is Love."
Manhunter
The best film with Hannibal in it
Manhunter: Michael Mann
Manhunter remains memorable
Smell Yourself....!
An 80's Time Machine
Meet the Real Hannibal Lecter
This film has a brain behind it unlikeThe Silence of the Lam
