"Manhunter" seemed familiar, then I realized it was the original version of "Red Dragon" the prequel to "Silence of the Lambs."  This version was made in 1986 and the first to feature Hannibal Lecter.  This is an almost forgotten movie, and I was surprised to find that Lecter (spelled "Lecktor" in this version) had a very small part.<br /><br />The plot involves a former FBI Agent, Will Graham (William Petersen) who returns to action to hunt down a serial killer.  Graham retired after catching Hannibal Lecktor (Brian Cox) and subsequently suffered a nervous breakdown.  His skill is an uncanny ability to get inside psychopaths' minds and solving crimes.  He is talked into helping the FBI again, although his sanity is fragile.  Graham does not want to see anymore mass murdered families and he can tell this serial killer is insane and determined.  The full moon and mirrors are the killer's initial clues.  This is an engrossing cat and mouse game that is riveting and well done.
William Petersen, Brian Cox, Dennis Farina, Joan Allen and Tom<br />Noonan star in Michael Mann's 1986 thriller based on the novel,<br />"Red Dragon." A Retired FBI agent is sent to find  a killer.<br />This comes 5 years before "Silence of the Lambs" featuring<br />Hannibal. It's definitely one of Mann's best that's very<br />underrated and so is Brian's great performance as the<br />original Hannibal. William and Tom are also great and I<br />think they should've kept Tom's scenes with the tattoos.<br />This dvd not only has good picture and sound, but the<br />theatrical cut with Graham's restored missing dialogue<br />and the trailer. I highly recommend this dvd because<br />it's the best version.
I caught this film on one of my HD channels and I'm not sure which version I saw. It's kind of hard to be fair to this film seeing it so late after it's original release. I had already seen the other films dealing with the same material before seeing this film.<br /><br />This film while interesting, has many scenes I found unnecessary and boring. It's hard to see anyone as Dr. Lector but Hopkins now and that might be why I didn't like this version more than I did.<br /><br />I would recommend this film to fans of the series, but I don't think it's the best version of the film.
This film, Manhunter, is much better than its re-make--"Red Dragon"(?) with Edward Norton in the lead role.
This was one of the first William Peterson movies I had ever seen.  The first one was "To Live and Die in L.A."  If you haven't seen that one, pick it up.<br />Even though this movie has been reproduced, this is still worth watching.  The villian is menacing and more frightening than Ralphe Fiennes, although I love Ralphe.  Check it out if you haven't already!!!
Although I have alot of respect for Sir Anthony Hopkins, I don't like his series of the Lector movies.  That's because they are "movies".  The difference between a movie and film is guality.  Movies can be exciting and have actors who can and cannot act in them.  Films are different.  They have good writing, directing, editing and acting.  Sir Anthony did his best, but one or two strong actors can do so much.  SoTL and Hannibal became horror movies instead of thrillers.  Of the players in these horror movies, I can only remember Sir Anthony and Jodie Foster.<br />  With several relatively unknown actors and a TV director: Michael Mann, Manhunter was presented balanced and thrilling.  I consider this film to be part of the "film" catagory.<br />  William Petersen plays William Graham, a solitary man with left-over mental problems from capturing the serial killer Hannibal Lecter(Brian Cox).  Graham has retired and he lives in a beach house with his wife;Molly(Kim Greist) and son; Kevin(David Seaman).  Grahams peaceful existance is interrupted by his former partner Jack Crawford(Dennis Farina).  Crawford manipulates Graham back into FBI service in the search for another serial killer(Tom Noonan).  He shows Graham 2 photos of the two families who have been slaughtered already by the new killer who is governed by a lunar cycle.<br />  There is a stark contrast between the characters of the killer and Graham.  The rest of the world passes by without knowing the visousness of the killer.  The killer goes to work, though shy, he enjoys friendships and at least one romantic relationship.  Graham, on the other hand, is brooding as he returns to the dark mindset of the serial killer.  As he goes deeper into this darkness even his partner Crawford becomes afraid.  In his mutterings trying to understand the killer, we discover that Graham feels sorry for the child who became the serial killer, but feels the killer should be blown out of his *** socks.  Then Graham asks Crawford is that feeling is a contradiction in terms, Crawford doesn't know what to say.  Crawford stands with his back against the wall as Graham continues to mutter then shortly provides the reason for the killings and how the killer picked his victims.<br />  As Graham, William Petersen is in his own little world.  He is constantly talking to himself, asking questions and answering them.  This brings a deep tenseness to the character.  Very well done.  All of the other actors except for Brian Cox take a back seat to the consumate performances of these two men.  The chemistry between these two men is fantastic.  One of the most terrifying moments of the film happens after Graham sees Leckter for the first time in 3 years.  As Graham bangs on the cell door desperately to get out, Lecter tells him that the only reason he caught Leckter was because Graham was just like him.  Petersen runs down the stairs as though the devil were chasing him and at the bottom must control what must have been the biggest anxiety attack of all time.<br />  Cox provides a wonderful performance as Leckter.  He comes across as a calm psychologist anyone would want to see.  But through his clouded eyes the viewer can see the madness.<br />  Dennis Farina has usually played the police officer in films that he does.  He was a cop, so I guess it might be natural to cast him that way.  I wish casting directors would try other roles, I think he could handle them.  Kim Greist, David Seaman and Tom Noonan all are equally supportive.<br />  This is not a block buster, but it is one of the best films I've seen.  It was made in 1986 so you might have a problem finding it.  I own it and have viewed it several times since I got it and I think a viewer who want strong performances instead of blockbusters would enjoy this film.
Based upon the wonderful, well written novel "Red Dragon" by Thomas Harris, this is a superior and chilling thriller. Grim and gripping, it features William Peterson in the role of taciturn, retired FBI agent, Will Graham, who is called back to service in order to track down a bizarre serial killer. It appears that Graham has the uncanny ability to get into a killer's mind set and figure out what his next move might be. It is as if he and the killer become one. In his preparation for this, Graham even consults the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter (yes, THE Hannibal Lecter), deliciously played by Brian Cox.<br /><br />The movie is compelling and, at all times, gripping. Joan Allen affectingly plays a blind woman who unknowingly involves herself with the creepy serial killer who is chillingly played by Tom Noonan. It is her involvement with him that helps bring the film to its stunning conclusion. Good performances by Dennis Farina, Stephen Lang, and Kim Greist round out this fine, ensemble cast.<br /><br />This film is a taut, unnerving psychological thriller that is deftly directed by Michael Mann and accompanied by a terrific, musical score used to great effect. Who ever would have thought that Iron Butterfly's heavy metal "In A Gadda Da Vita" could be used to such chilling effect in the final, climactic scene? This is a film well worth watching.
This is a great Michael Mann Film. It carries the same cinematography as Thief(1981). This one he uses his Miami Vice style sets and backdrops to create an interesting scary environment. William Peterson is a detective who consults back and forth with Hannibal Lecter(who is played brilliantly by Brian Cox) to help find another serial killer in the Florida area. He does help him and with the CrimeStory legend Dennis Farina who is assisting him as a cop on the trail of the same killer. The vicious killer is played by Tom Noonan who is great in this role and fits the character in Thomas Harris' book as well. They show different sides to him before Peterson comes close to catching him. A wonderful suspense thriller with interesting Rock Scores.<br />Directed by Michael Mann<br />William Peterson, Tom Noonan, Brian Cox, Joan Allen and Dennis Farina
Let me start by saying this film, "Manhunter", is a fairly good adaptation of the book. Brian Cox portrays a mellower Hannibal Lecktor (as spelled in the ending credits, if I recall correctly). His performance is good, energetic, and he has the perfect face for an antagonist. His evil, however, does not show that much in this film, therefore he is not that scary, in my opinion. Obviously, he's killed people, and obviously his insanity comes back to haunt the semi-retired detective Will Graham, but I don't have any recollection of explanation about Hannibal's cannibalistic murders. Since we don't know much about the character, he is less scary, regardless of Brian Cox's good performance. Don't get me wrong; Hannibal is still really awesome in this movie! Will Graham, I thought, was portrayed well. He's haunted by his past with Dr. Lecktor, and now, working on this case again, he is disturbed because he must dig deep within the mind of the serial killer who is on the loose in order to figure out the mystery. The main problem that sticks out in this movie is the serial killer, Francis Dolarhyde, the Red Dragon. He is played well, but we don't have a real sense of his psyche. There isn't much explanation as to why he is brutally murdering people. And, his admiration of the Red Dragon painting is only mentioned about once or twice throughout the movie. Aside from these flaws, "Manhunter" is a well-made film, with some creepy images, and it is delightful entertainment. It's a strange, different thriller, that depends on implied violence rather than graphic violence. The problem with this is that we don't always get a full look into the horror of the story. Still, I'd recommend it, because it's fun to watch and see some of the little differences between this and the superior 2002 version "Red Dragon". Both are creepy and entertaining films.
I knew about how Red Dragon was the first of the Hannibal trilogy, so I bought it.  When I had finished reading it, I loved it and decided to rent the DVD.  Well, it wasn't very good.  It was well acted, well directed, but the writing ....  They changed a really good ending from the book to a ... one in the movie.  So if you thought the movie was just OK, and your a huge Silence of the Lambs fan, then read the book!
Manhunter is gem of a movie...watch it and expand your mind.<p>The &quot;Theatrical Version&quot; is beautiful to look at and listen to...watch it or just buy the single DVD release.<p>The 3 stars aren't for the film but the rip-off DVD.<p>Anchor Bays' heavily advertised &quot;Director's Cut&quot; sucks. The transfer is pale and lackluster; the framing for the picture is too tight (compared to the theatrical version). Close-ups of half faces dominate; William Peterson (Will Graham, the Lead character) is even framed out of one of the additional scenes. The sound is just as bad, soggy and spatially deficient. In a word: Bites!
People call &quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot; the &quot;First One,&quot; and  &quot;Hannibal&quot; its sequel. Although 'Silence' is more consistent and probably has a better ending, I like this movie better in some ways. William Peterson plays an intense but monotonous Wil Graham. Forced out of retirement to find the killer of two families, Wil seeks the help of Hannibal Lector, played by Brian Cox. The plot is basically the same as Silence, although Cox doesn't have nearly as much screen time as Hopkins. <p>Wil tells his son that Lector killed women &quot;in bad ways.&quot; As opposed to good ways? Since it was directed by Miami Vice's Michael Mann, Dennis Farina plays Jack Crawford, with his midwestern accent intact. The role was taken over by Scott Glen in 'Silence.'  The first forty-minutes are perfect; gruesome crime scenes,  a strong plot, a wheelchair-bound body engulfed in flames. Unfortunately, I think the movie sags in places and eventually runs out of gas. It would be much better without the horrible 80's music. &quot;In a Gadda da Vida&quot; you can take or leave.  Another thing that bothers me is that they always have to make psycho killers superhuman. You have to shoot them 27 times for them to fall down. And Graham's semi-descent back to near insanity is unconvincing, almost cheesy.  Despite its flaws, it remains one of the best thrillers around. Most thrillers aren't very thrilling. I first saw it as an impressionable teenager, and it's impact hasn't diminished. I hear they are going to remake and update it. Should be interesting.
This is a GOOD film. Not great, and by no means as jaw-dropping as SILENCE, but nevertheless it did introduce us to a certain doctor.<p>The cinematography in this film is beautiful. Framing and cutting are as close to perfect as possibly. And William Peterson! What happened to him?!! His performance here is one of understatement, and has lived in my mind as long (if not longer) than Hopkins' Lecter.<p> This is a truly different beast to it's successor.. it was the mid eighties. Everything is clean and clinical, not a gothic prison, or monotonous Hopkins in sight.<p>Not a classic but far, far better than average.
Manhunter,Forgotten for so many years, is now back with a vengeance. One of my all time favorite films! I believe it to be superior to Silence of the Lambs in many ways: 1. The sound track rocks- this is the type of movie you crank up, especialy during the finale.  2. The characters are deeper- this movie is about the man who caught Hannibal Lecter. Graham (the investigator) has the ability to think like Serial Killers do(with great damage to his psyche.... Couldn't be more highly recommended!
Manhunter is the prequel to Silence of the Lambs.  Though it is not as high profile as the follow up, many will argue that this is the better film.  Those that are expecting a low budget, artless introduction to Hannibal Lector, with bad acting are in for a surprise.  A lot of people will list Manhunter as one of there favourite films.<p>The acting is superb.  Tom Noonan plays the serial killer in his unusual style.  Scottish actor Brian Cox plays Hannibal Lector.  Is Brian Cox's Lector better than Hopkins?  Cox's Lector portrayal is a lot less flamboyant, and almost seems casual than Hopkins's and as a result is more convincing.  Personally I prefer Cox's performance.<p>William L Peterson plays Will Graham and is absolutely fantastic.  Will Graham is the Manhunter of the title.  Graham is able emulate the killers dark thoughts in his own imagination but doesn't know how to cope with them.  Graham makes a fascinating hero and the character is brought wonderfully to life by Peterson.<p>The film is also visually striking, extremely tense and feels utterly unique.  Manhunter is a brilliant film.
I normally don't write reviews regarding movies. I think people should see a flick and decide it's value for themselves. However, I think the movie &quot;Manhunter&quot; is an outstanding movie. Five stars. Buy it! DON'T BUY the Director's Cut. The entire second disk is fuzzy / out of focus. It's really annoying and a waste of your money. The extra included material is not worth the extra money it will cost you!
Despite what you may have heard and may read in other reviews further down... THIS WAS NOT A MADE FOR TV MOVIE! Trust me. I saw it at the Ford/Wyoming drive-in in 1986 in Dearborn Michigan. I was blown away by it then and am still blown away every time I see it. It is a masterwork. It is a far more cerebral movie the campy and silly horror type movie called The Silence of the Lambs. If you like John Wong movies this is probably too much for you. It should be viewed on its merits as a film.... Not a book. Books rarely make it to the screen in pure form. This is Mann at his best.... Also check out Thief, and To live and Die in LA.
Now we finally have the DVD release of the proper version of this film.  In recent years we've seen two DVD releases containing a total of 3 different cuts of this film.  But none of them contained the original theatrical version (the one released on VHS and laserdisc oh so many years ago).<br /><br />This one, the MGM release, is the "definitive version" that most of the fans have been screaming for for a long time.  I can't believe it took this long.<br /><br />I was delighted when the other versions were released on DVD because they had some bonus goodies included with them, but my delight faded as soon as I discovered the film was cut differently from the version I had seen so many times on VHS and Laserdisc and had grown to love.  The other DVD versions are missing parts of scenes, have alternate versions of some scenes, are missing dialogue, and have added scenes that interrupt the flow of the movie.  At least one of the other versions includes a coda at the end where William Peterson's character pays a visit to the family that would have been the Tooth Fairy's next victims.  Being so familiar with the original theatrical cut, I found that coda to be unnecessary and and even a bit clunky.<br /><br />This new MGM release has no bonus features at all.  And you know what?  I don't care.  I didn't buy it for the bonus goodies, I bought it for the FILM!<br /><br />And with all due respect to Sir Anthony Hopkins and his take on the Hannibal Lector character (which grew more over-the-top with each sequel/rehash), Brian Cox's portrayal of Lector is shrewder and more believable.  His Hannibal is far more understated than Hopkins', and it works better for the character and the film.  Hopkins' portrayal seems "too Hollywood" by comparison.  But as another reviewer so rightly pointed out, "Manhunter" is a crime drama and "Silence of the Lambs" is closer to being a horror film.  Brian Cox's Hannibal wouldn't be as effective in "Lambs" and Hopkins' Hannibal would be FAR too much in "Manhunter".  So I guess it really is like comparing apples and oranges.<br /><br />But you don't have to choose one over the other.  You really should like them both.  "Manhunter" is gritty, "Lambs" is eerie.<br /><br />But you need to have one definitive version of "Manhunter" to hold up high and cherish, and this version is it.
I have been a fan of this film ever since I first saw it on VHS fifteen years ago. And with the passage of time, MANHUNTER has not lost much of its power. If you can get past the obvious stylistic comparison with Michael Mann's other project at that time, "Miami Vice," then I think you will find this to be as well made a detective thriller as there has been in our generation. It really is an excellent precursor to later genre films such as SEVEN.<p>Personally, I prefer Brian Cox's version of Hannibal Lecter more than Anthony Hopkins', because Cox is much subtler in his ways than Hopkins. When Cox's Hannibal has a phone brought to his cell and proceeds to manipulate several people, and does it with all the nonchalance of a man enjoying bacon and eggs in the morning, it's the most frightening scene in the film because you get the strong idea this guy can do anything. There is no equivalent scene in any of Hopkins' portrayals because Hopkins never cares to hide the character's evil. Hopkins chose to play Lecter like a wild animal or a modern day Dracula, while I believe Cox is much scarier because his capabilities are hidden behind a mask of relative normality. Nevertheless, people tend to like the version of Lecter they saw first, and I'm no different.<p>That being said, I must warn you, dear movie fan, to avoid purchasing the MANHUNTER Limited Edition set and consider the regular widescreen version instead. Whereas the "Theatrical Version" (Disc 1) is sharp and well presented in almost every way, the "Director's Cut" DVD (Disc 2) seems to have been created as a careless afterthought, and from an incredibly poor source print. The image is very grainy and washed out, with no sharpness or depth, and it looks for all the while like a second-rate TV print crammed onto a 2.35:1 format, or maybe even a simple transfer from a VHS copy! Yeah, it's that bad. It's possible the only source print of the director's version was formatted just for TV (and I think it was never screened in theaters), but there is no excuse for presenting this version of the film in such a raw, unrestored, unfaithful form. Also consider that there are NO extras whatsoever on the second disc, and you realize you're paying a premium price for literally no added value. Just the first few minutes of the film on Disc 2 gave me the distinct impression that Michael Mann had nothing to do with this release, because he would frankly be ashamed to issue such an inferior product. The film clearly deserves better treatment than this. It's almost as if it's a deliberate attempt by Anchor Bay (the distributor) to minimize Mann's adjustments in favor of its original catalogue print. Considering the price I paid for the limited-edition set, I honestly feel ripped off, and you will be, too, if you decide not to heed this advice. Four stars for the "Theatrical Version" and an overly generous one star for the terrible "Director's Cut."<p>Here's hoping that Michael Mann will someday create a definitive, comprehensive version of MANHUNTER so that this shameful release can be forgotten.
How difficult is this?  You'd like to rate this movie five plus stars, because it is indeed a masterpiece (Don't listen to those whiney saps who want to compare it to Silence of the Lambs.  Manhunter was a crime drama.  SOTL was a horror movie.  While I don't favor Hopkins cartoonish portrayal of Lechter, I'll admit it was entertaining.  I prefer Cox's cerebral portrayal which resembled the book. But let's stop this bashing back and forth, it's tiresome.), on the other hand, Anchor Bay butchered it so much, it doesn't deserve the high ranking.  What do you do?  I'd almost like to opt for a seperate rating system here at Amazon.  One for if you like the movie, and a seperate one for what fans of the movie thought of Anchor Bay's &quot;remastering&quot;.<p>For those of you who'd be interested, here is Anchor Bay's &quot;canned&quot; response to a recent critique:<p>&quot;Dear Customer:<p>It has come to our attention that our THX version of Manhunter is missing several seconds of footage which can be found by viewing other sources.<p>Please be aware that the interpositive of the film was used to make our disc, not a print, of which there are many with varying differences.  This was and is the best source in the world for the film.  We were aware of several minutes of differences between this version and the director's cut, so we went to Michael Mann for the master containing the only existing and exact version of his preferred cut.<p>Michael Mann's cut is the version he wanted on home video, and he, as well as Anchor Bay understood the trade-off of content at the expense of state-of-the-art quality.  It was with that in mind that ABE followed the quality path to create the THX disc version.<p>We have heard positive feedback from most in regard to both of our releases and are sorry if you, our customer, prefer one of the several other versions that are in distribution in other media or territories.<p>We were (and are) opposed to cannibalizing Manhunter to create a hybrid version of the two, and apologize to anyone who feels we didn't put our best efforts into each version.  I think you know we always appreciate your feedback (good or bad) and strive to do our best for each film.  In this case, the versions released are the best we could do, and for the record, we're hoping you, our customer, enjoy our efforts.&quot;<p>Yes it is a very lame response and I took my shot back at anchor Bay telling them that in fact what they did do was indeed &quot;Cannabilize&quot; this film (interesting choice of words.).  they never responded back.<p>What did I really expect though.  Again in summation:  Five stars for the movie.  0 stars for Anchor Bay's effort/laziness.
As intense and powerful a film as &quot;Silence of the Lamb&quot; is, I consider &quot;Manhunter&quot; (AKA sometimes as &quot;Red Dragon&quot;) to be the better movie -- more compelling and better photographed.  Michael Mann has directed a strongly stylized movie, where mood and tone overshadow plot details and even acting.  I have just viewed the &quot;Limited Edition&quot; of the DVD which includes both the theatrical release version and the special Director's Cut, plus two short &quot;featurettes&quot; with interviews with Dante Spinatti and the key actors.  The DVD is not perfect -- an optional audio commentator by the director would have been much appreciated and, unfortunately, the &quot;Director's Cut&quot; version has not been enhanced to give the same visual clarity as the theatrical version -- but I still rate it 5 stars based upon the film itself.  If you have only seen &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, take a look at &quot;Manhunter&quot;.
Michael Mann's acutely disquieting cinematic voyage into the psyche of serial murderers, the conscience of the law enforcement officers that pursue and clean up after them, and the oblivion of insanity that mark both sides whether they want to or not remain unwavering themes of magnitude throughout this hauntingly remarkable pioneering thriller by director Michael Mann (Last of the Mohicans, Heat, Insider). Based on the memorable best seller by Thomas Harris (Silence of the Lambs, Hannibal), Manhunter recounts the story of a well known serial killer known only as the &quot;Tooth Fairy&quot; who apparently kills entire families in apparently brutal, inhuman, and excessively savage fashions during every lunar cycle. With two families already slaughtered and time desperately running out until the next predicted homicides will probably take place, F.B.I. agent Jack Crawford (Dennis Farina) requests the help of retired F.B.I. agent Will Graham (William L. Petersen) to assist in helping to track down the maniac before he strikes again.<p>Graham is initially hesitant to participate due his strangely personal relationship with serial homicide. He was previously the chief agent responsible for the apprehension of numerous serial killers including well-renown psychiatrist Hannibal &quot;The Cannibal&quot; Lector (Brian Cox). During the Lector arrest, Lector viciously attacked Graham leaving several immense scarring wounds along with significant psychological damage derived from Graham's attempts to get inside Lector's head. Reluctant to act due to his wishes of his wife and fear of having a relapsing psychotic episode, Graham grudgingly accepts and begins a long and painfully personal descent into the mind of a madman. Only through Graham's gift of thinking like the murderer can he possibly hope to stop him.<p>However conventional, predictable, or just plain uncreative this plot may sound to you, Manhunter remains an unexpectedly inspired odyssey into the modern human heart of darkness by way of the canvas of the modern morbid American obsession/fascination into serial killing. By seeking to metaphorically define the sometimes subtle mystique of the unsavory subject of serial murder and its effect on society, Mann has concocted a surrealistic nightmare that emits a dense film noir type feeling of depravity and hopelessness as we are lead through a multitude of authentic sights and sounds of the American Dream gone awry through the eyes of the victims turned victimizers. The murderers are represented as misunderstood geniuses that happened to find a most deadly form of self-expression. Life has given them a raw deal, and now it's time for life to receive its bitter medicine back in spades.<p>One essential basis to Manhunter's continued success and exceedingly fond admiration among fans and critics alike is the icily candid yet childishly impulsive virtuoso performance of Tom Noonan as Francis Dollarhyde (The Tooth Fairy). He exudes a grain of harshly treated humanity gone astray by mistreatment and misunderstanding. He is too far along for spiritual redemption, yet Noonan still permits Dollarhyde's impoverished humanity to seep through to an unforgettably sympathetic performance of man doomed to be a killing machine.<p>Manhunter invariably set the stage for other more well known psychological thrillers including Jonathon Demme's Silence of the Lambs and David Fincher's Seven. Though it may not be quite as action packed or gruesomely depicted, Manhunter's dramatic intensity and perceptive glimpse into primal humanity will always distinguish this emotional powerhouse from its descendants.<p>As for the special Anchor Bay Manhunter DVD, it has an excellent Anamorphic Widescreen presentation, two documentaries about the making the film and it's cinematic look, theatrical trailer, special director's cut, and 24-page collector's booklet. This is a Must-Buy for fan of sophisticated horror, Thomas Harris, or Hannibal Lector.<p>P.S. Never Let Just Leap Through a Window
Michael Mann's 'Manhunter (1986)' is heavily embedded in the (now) unfashionable 80's milieu. Personally, I have a soft spot for everything associated with the 80's: be it mohawks, synth music, pastel colors etc. So the 80's ambiance didn't bother me as it seems to have contemporary viewers, who find it 'cheesy' and 'dated'.<br /><br />If you get past that, this is quite an engaging thriller. For one, its beautifully photographed: cinematographer Dante Spinotti has framed it meticulously with striking colors and inspired lighting (Francis Dollarhyde's sickly green-hued house, Hannibal Lector's sterile white cell). Sure, it looks like a Miami Vice episode, but it was made at a time when director Michael Mann (and the rest of America) was riding high on the 'Miami Vice aesthetic'; the pastel color palette, the clothing and specially the music is very indicative of the era. 'Manhunter' has some enthralling set-pieces, but on the whole it feels awkward; maybe some scenes should have been cut, as they seemed to intrude rather than intrigue the viewer. On the acting department, William Petersen playing the distraught, haunted FBI detective Will Graham is great--each gesture, each word from him is convincing. Brian Cox as Hannibal Lector is subtle, slyly menacing (the scene where he lies his way through the telephone to get Will Graham's home address is noteworthy); Tom Noonan, though physically intimidating, comes across a bit hokey--he's not all bad, the 'betrayal' scene is great, but he failed to make a lasting psychopathic presence--mostly he comes across as a lonely 'gentle giant'.<br /><br />The ending, as many have said before me, is a bit anti-climatic--I don't know whether it was a conscious decision on Mann's part or the fact that the production ran out of money towards the end (Mann was left with a skeleton crew when filming the final show-down at Dollarhyde's house), but I had the feeling of being let down and cheated. A second-viewing made me appreciate it a little more, though the feeling lingers that 'Manhunter (1986)' had the potential to be so much more.
I have seen the "director's cut" and the theatrical release. I strongly recommend this DVD (I own it). It is the theatrical release and, quite frankly, Michael Mann's original editing instincts were on target. The "director's cut" really doesn't add significant impact to the film. The only detrimental thing I have to say about this DVD is that it is not widescreen. But, it's really not worth spending between $25 and $300 dollars for out-of-print director's cuts. Or, get the new 3-disc Lector set that includes this film, Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal. Unfortunately, as with many of Mann's films - the director's cut releases reflect poor judgment by the director [Last of the Mohicans is a prime example -- ruined by Mann in re-editing. And, the theatrical release was withheld from DVD.] Invest in the theatrical cut of Manhunter while it's available.
Before "The Silence of the Lambs", before "The Red Dragon", before "Hannibal".. it was "Manhunter". Petersen shines on this film..
as hannibal lecter<br /><br />really good movie with huge re watch value, moreso than the silence of the lambs which this is the prequel of
The set, the music and especially the actors and director are excellent.  It is the best of the movies done with the Hannibal Lecter character.
This a a goo dmovie in the Hannible series I am so sick of people who try to fight with me about it saying that its not part of it because either A They have never heard of it B Won't give a shot or C Have never seen it yes it is a little slow in some parts but the ending of it more than makes up for it I have not seen this version as of yet I am looking for it now tho so come on give it a shot dont think that just because you have seen red dragon that this one sucks (Even tho they ARE the same movies) this one has something that red dragon does n't have what is I just dont know but if you try it you might just like it alot
Michael Mann (Heat) directs this 1986 film based on Thomas Harris' Hannibal Lecter novels: this is the first film made on the infamous Hannibal Lecter who would be memorably played by Anthony Hopkins in the later-released 'Silence of the Lambs' and 'Hannibal.'  Although not as good as the original 'Silence of the Lambs', this film is well done with a screenplay and acting that surpasses the inferior 'Hannibal' by a long shot.<br /><br />In this film, Will Graham (William Petersen) is a  retired FBI agent who's called back to track down an elusive serial killer who likes to set his victims on fire.  In need of help, Graham meets with Lecter (Brian Cox) in his cell to get a profile. Will he stop the deranged killer in time with Lecter's help?<br /><br />I thought this film had just as much suspense as its better-known sequels. William Petersen plays a good role as the determined cop while Brian Cox is just as creepy as Anthony Hopkins' Hannibal.  A great film to rent or buy.
This movie is the ultimate in 80's stylization. It is beautifully filmed, written and directed by Miami Vice producer Michael Mann. The soundtrack is exquisite, droning and non stop. William Petersen, now of CSI, gives a moving and believeable performance as Will Graham. The only thing keeping this movie from being the greatest film of all time is that Anthony Hopkins didn't play Lector. Enter the mind of a killer and you might never return...
While Red Dragon (the latest remake of this film) has the star attraction of Anthony Hopkins, do NOT overlook the powerful performance of Brian Cox as Hannibal Lector in this movie. You might know this actor from Braveheart and he plays Lector as cold if not colder and calculating than Hopkins.<br />William L. Petersen in the lead is another outstanding performance and makes Edward Norton in Red Dragon look childish in comparison. The makers of Red Dragon don't focus on this character as much as Hopkins is the star but they should have as the main story line is this character's overcoming his fears just as Clarice had to overcome hers in Silence of the Lambs. In fact every role here is played by actors you know the face but not the name. Much more stylish and slick than Red Dragon, this is the best movie you've never seen. If you are a fan of this genre of film do yourself a favor and get this movie! One of my all time favorites.
This was the original movie adaptation of Thomas Harris' "Red Dragon." With Peterson and Farina, this was a good movie, but under the direction of Michael Mann, the colors and scenes screamed "Miami Vice." This is not a bad thing, but if you saw "Silence of the Lambs" first with its dark, foreboding colors, then this will seem as a shock. Hannibal Lector is not as spooky in a well-lit, white cell.<p>The center of the story is the former FBI agent who is brought back to find the newest psychopathic, serial killer, the Tooth Fairy. He must get into the mindset of the killer to stop him. This has happened before when he caught Dr. Lector. From that episode, he had trouble getting out of the mindset. Throughout the movie, you see him fighting to maintain who he is. It is a good movie.<p>I would recommend seeing this before seeing the new movie "Red Dragon."
I reviewed the VHS of this movie a long time ago (see review in this section), but the versions in this 2-disc set are different still.  One version, the one I've always considered the definitive version, is the one on LaserDisc and also for rent on VHS in video stores.  Version 2 is the crappy-transfer copy in this DVD set.  It looks like the opening titles were time-compressed into the first scene, and the picture quality is shoddy at best.  Version 3 is the Director's Cut.  The picture is clear and beautiful, but some interesting dialog sequences were cut out.  And Version 3 has added a scene with Graham and his wife about 2/3 into the film that interrupts the tempo of the film.  Skip Version 2 except for the fact that it offers some alternate takes and alternate scenes.  The picture quality is so bad it is insulting.  Version 3 looks GREAT, but Version 1, the version long available on VHS and LaserDisc, is the best version narratively.  I'm glad I own the DVD set, but when I want to watch this movie again I will always view the splendid LaserDisc version instead of the DVD.
Where do I start? This review is for Restored Director's Cut.<br /><br />Manhunter is the penultimate movie. Michael Mann's best ever. Without a doubt he took this adaptation and took it to an entirely different level. The art direction, cinematography and acting are all first rate. No, it did not have the biggest budget, no it did not do well in the box office. So what? Every character conveyed emotion and I must say that I cannot get the movie out of my head. Part of the reason is because it was partially shot in my town. Another reason has to do with the style the movie was shot in. Mann knows his stuff and he conveys the power of the Harris's novel with aplomb!<br /><br />Fans of Miami Vice will recognize character actors who guest starred on the show. Dennis Farina, Michael Talbott and a few others as well. The colors and art direction were remarkable too. Will Graham is an FBI man, but comes across as a regular guy which makes him likeable. He even empathizes with the killer as a child, saying: (In Another Version Of DVD) "This started from an abused child, a battered infant..." There is no doubt that the cerebral nature of this film went over the head of those who reviewed it in 1986. Yet it was the first movie of its kind that dealt with forensic analysis of crime scenes.<br /><br />The soundtrack of the movie was incredible. I'm lucky a buddy at work was able to download the soundtrack for me from the internet. The music has unfortunately been out of print for decades. Each song captures the essence and soul of every scene and prepares the viewer for the emotions the characters are experiencing. Heart Beat and In-A-Gad-Ad-A-Vida are the best songs from the soundtrack.<br /><br />I have not seen the remake Red Dragon, but I will say this: Tom Noonan's Francis Dollarhyde cannot be beat. Simply put, he is the most terrifying non-horror character I have ever seen. He plays the sinister heavy with a flair that I've never before seen. He plays similar roles in The Pledge and in Mystery Train. But it is this role where he shines. Ironically, his character is not introduced until halfway into the movie, yet he more than holds his own and by the end of the movie he takes out two cops and seriously injures two more. Wow! Noonan's height, weight and speech add to his malevolence in this film. Yet he is also a sad man. His background is not discussed in the movie, yet it had to have been a savage childhood. But like Graham says in another cut, "As an adult he is irredeemable."<br /><br />I like this movie so much that I plan to purchase the other DVD versions. Buy this DVD and you will not be too disappointed. The extra added scenes have some rough edges and sound dropouts, but for me they were a bonus as I'd not seen them before. A couple lines were taken out that I did not care for, but all in all this is still a Five-Star show. Get it and you won't be disappointed.<br /><br />A. Nathaniel Wallace, Jr.
Low budget adaptation of the novel Red Dragon by Tom Harris.  Although a bit cheesey, being from the era of Miami Vice and Disco era, it is a pretty tight little thriller.  It spawned and greatly influenced the FBI/Criminal Profiler subgenre that Harris gleaned from John Douglas, the former FBI director of their fledgling Criminal Profiling Unit formed in the seventies.<br /><br />This movie is the forerunner of all the Hannibal Lector movies and those productions stole heavily from this Michael Mann effort.  William Peterson and Tom Noonan are standouts in performance.  TV shows like all of the CSI's and Criminal Minds owe there existence to the combination/colaboration of the John Douglas book "Mindhunter",  Thomas Harris' novel Red Dragon and the movie "Manhunter".
There is nothing that I could say that hasn't aslready been said. I added this to my Hannibal collection, and it was well worth it.
I think this is a pretty good movie -- I return to it to watch again every once in a while.  It's not perfect, but I think that Brian Cox is an excellent Hannibal Lector, and I think Peterson is very compelling in this role. I think Tom Noonan does a good job of showing a serial killer's human side.
I like the Masterpiece Theater style crime stories.  This one is in that style. It focuses on the stress of the investigation and the interaction of the characters. It was not too horrific or over the top.
Early William Peterson worth checking out. Another great story from Thomas Harris. Worth seeing even if you saw the later remake "Red Dragon" with Edward Norton in the same role. There are parts of each I prefer over the other, so they compliment each other very well. You can decide for yourself which you see as being more true to the feel of the book.
The first episode of Doctor Lecter, before "The Silence of the Lamb" and "Hannibal". The Doctor is already in prison and he is already playing from there with some serial killers and the FBI. But the book is slightly still in construction, and the film is too. We do have the serial killer, and the new technique of profiling. But it is still not entirely squared out. The FBI man is still relying on his instinct, his sixth sense, his intuition, his inner eye to understand the feelings and the thoughts of the killer and capture him by being able to foresee what he is going to do. But that paranormal element is not convincing, though it is commonly used in some detective TV series. Thomas Harris is going to get to real profiling only in the next volume. Even the great visionary power of Doctor Lecter will become the unavoidable logic of the mind, of the psyche, of the deranged mental power of the insane doctor only then. He is a genius in his psychiatric field and his derangement gives him the capability to know no limits. But that is still to come. Here though Thomas Harris settles some accounts with journalists and has one burnt alive. He also settles some revenge with story telling and twists the story line in some unforeseen ways now and then. These moments are magic in a way since they are unexplained and they restart the dynamic of the tale that could have become humdrum. The story seems to settle some accounts with a couple of commonplace if not trite ideas. The whole logic of the killer is to think that his being seen over and over again by a women during the last five minutes of their lives as if their eyes were silver mirrors would lead him to be loved and to come to terms with his desire to kill. His last victim actually loves him in a way and/but she is blind. She loves him because she is blind and he kills her out of no reason and she will not be able to "see" him when she dies. Of course that victim will survive because our FBI man-hunter will come into the picture unannounced. Thomas Harris also deals with the idea that all serial killers were boys who were mistreated when children, probably by their parents, even more probably somewhere by their mothers. That kind of a clich&eacute; is so simple that it does not sound true nor serious, some kind of a joke, maybe a big wink with a grin at the nasty and dirty mind of the reader. But this clich&eacute; will be present in absolutely all the Doctor Lecter books, in a way or another. In this case it is really superficial. It is interesting to see, after reading it, this first episode in the story of Doctor Lecter, first episode as it came out of the mind of its author because we can see and feel the genetic dimension of the saga, because it was to become a saga and today it even has become a cultish trip into criminal insanity.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
This was the first look at Hannibal Lechter, but it really didn't have the impact of "Silence Of The Lambs" and the two subsequent movies also dealing with Lechter. Those -  "Silence..,"  "Hannibal" and "Red Dragon" (a re-make of this movie) - all had Anthony Hopkins as the famous criminal.<br /><br />Hopkins "take" on the character was so memorable, so riveting that he made it his own. In this movie, Lechter is not memorable. In fact, few people could tell you who played him in this film. The answer: Brian Cox.<br /><br />That's not to say this is a bad film.  The first half is very suspenseful and it has a deep cast.  It is interesting to look back now and see a young Bill Petersen in the lead. I am used to seeing the CSI television star as a more mature "Gil Grissom."<br /><br />I watched this movie back in the '80s before I knew Petersen, Cox, Hopkins and the rest.....(Stephen Lang, etc.)  This has a good cast and is interesting.....it just lacks the charisma of Hopkins playing Lechter.
This is the first of the Hannibal Lector series.  The second which is a more known film, Silence of the Lambs, came out 5 years later.  Manhunter introduces us to Dr. Lector through the FBI agent Will Graham.  All we know is that Graham captured Dr. Lector and he is now in jail, but Graham still respects Dr. Lector's knowledge on forensic psychology and helps him to find another serial killer, "The Tooth Fairy".  This serial killer prays on "happy families" and remains illusive.  Will Graham is determined to capture him at any cost.  Lector is played by Brian Cox.  I have to admit that I like Anthony Hopkins' portrayal of the diabolical Lector better.  "The Tooth Fairy" is played by Tom Noonan and is by far his best acting role and he should have received some award for it.  He made the movie.  This film is produced by Dino De Laurentiis, the same producer as all of the Lector series except, Silence of the Lambs.  The story line was good, but the screen play adaptation could have been better, alot was lost.  I still believe this first in the series is an excellent choice and explains Hannibal's character.  This should be viewed before seeing Silence of the Lambs.
If there were three movies I was asked to bring with me to Heaven before dying, Manhunter would be among them, no doubt. Forget about the 2002, low-level, totally tasteless Red Dragon, which is a mere commercial by-product of Manhunter. Some of the acting lines and dialogs are literally Copy-and-Paste sections of the original movie.<br /><br />My brother strongly advised me to watch Manhunter one evening, in 1990, merely 4 years after its low-key release. I watched it and damn it! The movie got me hooked, nice and firmly. I started wondering about the reasons why I had been so impressed by Manhunter. I guess there is a mix of things here.<br /><br />Most definitely, the most fascinating part of it is to follow a high-calibre, irascible cop's journey into the mental and behavioural depths of a high-level, highly intelligent, socially integrated serial killer. The two finally meet, physically and mentally, in a very obscure, twilight zone. The underlying fascination that one might feel while watching this movie certainly comes from the perceived fragility of the line that separates an intelligent monster from his hunter. Call it education, conscience or empathy, internal balance, strength or maturity: there is just something that will draw a dividing line between the two. And it's a fragile line! Intelligence without conscience creates monsters like the serial killer, Dollarhyde. Manhunter is perhaps not the first movie to address the theme of the serial killer's Behind-The-Scene personality, but it's probably the first one that addresses it so clearly, so close to the real world.<br /><br />Another huge merit of the movie is to stress the fact that people can never be portrayed as simple black-and-white, 2-bit characters. Reality is always much more cumbersome, much more subtle. For all that they are worth, there is always some good in men. Like this: at once, the cop gets into an argument with one of his colleagues who is complaining about the lack of progress in the investigation. The cop turns back to his colleague in anger and shoots back a sentence that can be summarized like this: I feel pity for the little boy that became this killer. He lacked love and attention. But as a grown-up, I agree that he should be destroyed. Is this too subtle for you Jack to understand???. Another pathetic and disturbing scene is the one in which we see the killer laying still in his bed next to -will you believe it- his brand new date. The sensual woman inadvertently drops an arm on his bare chest while sleeping, and the killer, like the little kid he has never completely ceased to be, burst into silent tears. The viewer can only hypothesize about what goes on in the killer's mind and heart at this moment, but the emotion that the killer is still able to display has you wonder: even serial killers can cry.<br /><br />Third, serial killers could be roaming the area around you without you knowing. After all, Dolarhyde has a managerial position in a media/photography-related company. He works with his colleagues just fine, he is capable of attracting women easily because of his smooth tone of voice, his gentle manners, his apparent quiet caring for others. He is just not one of these brutes that tend to be portrayed in larger audience movies. I guess this realistic paradox contributes to this sense of fulfilment, of accuracy that you?ll feel after watching it.<br /><br />To conclude, I believe that if, like me, you feel that there is never enough time and material to study mankind, if you are looking for subtle thought material, if you like movies that mix fast-paced actions with intellectual races, then this movie is just right for you.
An FBI agent William Graham (William L. Petersen) comes out of retirement to examine a set of bizarre murders of families. These murders are suspected to have been the work of notorious serial killer known as The Tooth Fairy. Interested enough by the case, Graham makes use of profiling, or tries to think exactly like the killer in order to gain clues regarding his various whereabouts. He consults the incarcerated psychopathic psychiatrist that put him into retirement through near-fatal violence, Hannibal Lecktor (Brian Cox), for further clues. Graham is put into considerable danger when Lecktor warns The Tooth Fairy via phone of the case. It is only a matter of time before The Tooth Fairy will create another victim. <p>Complicated, well acted, and absorbing, Manhunter is an original thriller that focuses on the unique psychological struggle to catch a heinous criminal. <p>Note: the director's cut edition has an alternative ending.<p>If you liked this film, I would recommend you see "Silence of the Lambs", in which Hannibal Lecktor's character is emphasized more.<p>Overall rating: 4 stars<p>Rated R for adult themes, sexual encounters, language, and violence.
Even though RED DRAGON released last year ...<br />This adaptation was made four years before SILENCE OF THE LAMBS and was based on the earlier Thomas Harris novel RED DRAGON. They did not call it RED DRAGON, because there was another movie that year with DRAGON in the title that did not do so well...and the studio feared it would get confused with that film. It's driected by Michael Mann who is famous for MIAMI VICE, and yes it shows in this film. But it's a grueling fast-paced reality-based thriller similar to SILENCE OF THE LAMBS. Big challenge is they had to vocalize Will Graham's thoughts in the book into actual lines in the movie. Sometimes you can tell the film was made on a smallish budget in the mid-80s, but on the whole? It holds up today as a great adaptation of a great book! It's a fun movie, and if you are a fan of the other thrillers like SILENCE OF THE LAMBS this will be right up your alley. Yes, there is a wonderful appearance by Hannibal the infamous cannibal -- though not much is made of his modus operandi. He is never referred to as a cannibal. But Brian Cox's portrayal is strong if brief. The real stars here are the actors portraying Will Graham and the killer. Both give creepy a human edge as they play cat and mouse with each other. And fans of Joan Allen -- her portrayal of the blind Reba is amazingly well done. Sexy and stylish, not too much gore, and very tight pacing. I can't be more effusive about this movie. <p>DIVIMAX DVD presentation of the film with added scenes before only seen on television showings.  The only problem with that is you see a difference in the film quality when they go to these scenes. They really don't add too much, but worth a look.  Also in this version is a commentary from Michael Mann.  He's not as chatty as some directors, but gives you a good idea of what he wanted out of this thriller.
If you haven't checked out this, the first "Hannibal Lector" (or "Lecktor" as it is spelled in Manhunter) film you are certainly missing a hidden gem of the mid-80s.  Why this movie was a box-office bomb is beyond me -- perhaps a limited budget, lesser known (at the time) stars, bad push by the studio, who knows.  This film is one of the best in its genre if you go into it without a lot of expectations set by "Silence of the Lambs".<p>William Petersen has become one of my favorite actors and you can see a bit of "Grissom" from CSI in his portrayal of Will Graham, the FBI profiler protagonist of this film.  However, the character is very unique and Petersen, a master of the stage, jumped into this, only his second film, rather well.  His portrayal of someone on the edge, someone who becomes disturbed himself by putting himself in the minds of the disturbed is simply amazing.  I don't know if Petersen says there's some Graham in Grissom but I would bet he would.<p>Petersen and Brian Cox are simply brilliant on the screen together and the four fellows I mention above: Petersen, Brian Cox (Hannibal Lecktor), Dante Spinotti (cinematography), and Michael Mann (director) really shine in the Lecktor scenes.  First of all, Petersen and Cox have an energy playing off of each other that is simply amazing.  These are different characters than "Lambs" and the portrayal is totally unique.  Petersen is going where he doesn't want to go, Cox knows it and toys with his prey, Spinotti's use of color and lighting are intense and Mann tops it all off with unique camera angles and use of the geometry of the bars and other parts of the set.  This scene from "Manhunter" should be part of any Cinema 101 course if it isn't already.  Like other reviewers, I liked Cox's portrayal of Lecktor in a more subdued and subtle fashion.  No, there aren't any great catch lines or funny sounds, just great subtle acting, it's the nuances that make the performance stick with you.<p>Finally, the finale is simply astounding with the use of Iron Butterfly's "In A Gadda Da Vida" both in buidling of tension and timing.  It's truly a blazing ending and the editing is equally blazing.  The use of quick flashbacks is a gripping portrayal of such a traumatic event and to anyone who's experienced trauma it should seem very unsettling and very real.<p>"Lambs" was a brilliantly done film but so is "Manhunter" with far less of a budget and star power to go on.  The best comparison I can think of to "Manhunter" came from the same time period -- "Terminator" was similar is its brilliance, it's lack of initial box office draw, and its rabid cult following.  Both were done on shoestring budgets and both are impressive to watch, mid-80s warts and all.  Some reviews I have read on this film have been rather pathetic, criticizing wardrobe of all things.  I suppose these same people criticize "Gone With the Wind" for having such an "1860s" wardrobe.<p>As far as the DVD this review is related to the first one (Aug 2002 release) that is not the Director's Cut or Divamax version.  I found the transfer to be splendid, I didn't notice a single problem with it.  The sound was better than I expected for a movie of this age and I believe was taken from the film's 70mm soundtrack, though it may have been remastered.  The extras are token but nice (I hate gaggles of extras anyway).  All in all this is one of the best [money] you will ever spend and will leave you near breathless when it is done.  Can't praise this film more, Mann showed Heat was no accident and put himself on the auteur map with this film.
Creepy and intense is what the book's author and the movie's director must have been going for, and do they ever deliver! Forget trying to compare this Lector to later versions, just get into the tale.  Watching Graham get into the mindset, seeing the detection methods, looking at the Tooth Fairy's pursuit of his next &quot;victim&quot; starting as something relatively benign and ending as nothing but.... it is all very gripping. If you like suspense, and good versus evil, and want to enjoy the ride, this is for you.
Was I the only one who was left confused at the end of this movie? They not only changed the ending, but the whole premise seemed forced and not true to the book. The book was good, even better than good some Harris fan's may argue, but it was a light read, much like this movie is a light watch. You don't need to pay too much attention to this film to understand it; in fact, you could be doing housework (like I do when I watch it). The beginning of the Lecter series (in this movie, spelled &quot;Lecktor&quot;) this may be the most dissapointing novel in it. Lecter is imprisioned here, it's in the beginning of his eight-year incarceration. Some fascinating images and thoughts adorne the movie (a rather interesting scene when the hero, Will Graham, is trying to 'get into' the mind/mindset of the Red Dragon killer) and the actor who playes the Red Dragon is really quite good. Brian Cox is the infamous cannibal, not Hopkins, and his portrayle of Lecter is really interesting. He playes it like one might a circus clown; full of energy and not so much wit. I don't deny that Cox is a good actor, but Hopkins, with his slow and leathel style, was much better suited for the role of the flesh-eater. When you watch the Graham/Lecter interaction, one is reminded of an 'elaboration of a bad lie' (quote from Silence of the Lambs, the much better sequel to this film). It's almost like the actors are trying to play down the whole plot of the movie with a few minutes of poorly-written interaction. It's simple if you view this movie with a nonchalant attitude, really. You musn't see this without seeing Silence of the Lambs afterward, for it will releave you of this boring plot.
Michael Mann took Thomas Harris's first novel RED DRAGON and turned it into a chilling movie that is almost entirely faithful to the book. This film has great character development and the element of pure mind terror. All the actors give great performances, and the movie is great. I suggest you see Michael Mann's MANHUNTER today.<p>  Will Graham (William Petersen) is the FBI's semi-retired 'Manhunter' who is called back into service by his former superior, Jack Crawford (Dennis Farina). His job is to track down the serial killer called 'The Tooth Fairy' (because of the odd shape of his teeth)who stalked and killed two innocent families. To catch this sick individual (played hypnotically by Tom Noonan) Graham must do two things that test his sanity. He must visit the reason he tired, and think like the killer.<p>  Dr. Hannibal Lecter is merely a secondary character in MANHUNTER. However, his brief appearances are terrifying. I'm sad to say that having seen THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, I cannot rightly see the talented Brian Cox as our favorite cannibal. He is however a fine actor, and a key addition to this film.<p>  This film uses many things to make it great. It uses &quot;mind terror&quot;, some scary images, and acid rock. Mann uses acid rock throughout the film and particularly at the stunning climax to fuel the film. The few flaws I saw were that of Dr. Lecter's character, (although to be fair, this is due to my bias on Anthony Hopkins being the better Hannibal)and at some points, the plot falters. Other than that, this is a top of the line thriller. If you enjoy great movies, you must own MANHUNTER.
the most frightening movie i ever saw, manhunter, was even more scary then the cell or silence of the lambs. the fbi procedures looked very convincing and i think that made the film seem realistic.  also the serial killer was a functioning society member with a real cool house quite unlike the jame gumb killer in sotl. and that is what scared me the most.  i recommended this one
I first saw the movie a few months ago.I was browsing through the shelves and my friend at the store just hande me this.THE FIRST VHS RELEASE.Great stuff.Now I have #81,004 of 100 000.Fantanstic,a great movie made greater on dvd.Brian cox's lecter is not one who everybody would recognize,but it's worth a look.Pay close attention to his eyes.And pay even more attention to denis farina's hand on the phone; it shakes slightly when Will graham(Petersen) "Figures" things out.Great stuff.I also give silence of the lambs a 5 of course but that's me.Both Lecter incarnations are menacing,cold,and downright scary.....I won't even mention Tom Noonan's character.<p>Thanks<p>EDITORIAL.Wednesday, October 23. 2002<p>After seeing Red Dragon I must say that Manhunter is the better film. I like Norton, but in RD he looks like a child. Hopkins is always good and played Lector brilliantly. Francis dollarhyde was much more convincing when played by Tom Noonan. My two cents...<p>A.P.L
The movie looks and sounds like an old Movie of the Week circa early 1970s. It looks and feels dated. <p>The screenwriter and director maintain the suspense. But it misses being a truly great film because of average performances by the actors and its &quot;low-budget&quot; feel. Some low budget films have a gritty feel and work remarkably well because of their intimacy and honesty, but the intimacy seems corny and goofy in this film. The print DOES look like a copy of an old VHS. <p>Wait until this goes into the bargain bin - there is no way it is worth the current asking price.
Stylish crime thriller about a gifted FBI agent brought out of retirement to capture an elusive serial killer. &quot;Manhunter&quot; is most well known as the prequel to &quot;Silence of the Lambs,&quot; with the infamous character &quot;Hannibal Lector&quot; appearing in both films. The stories are linked in that Agent Graham, portrayed by William Peterson, is the FBI agent who captured Hannibal and consults with the deranged doctor to gain insight on a new killer nicknamed the &quot;Tooth Fairy.&quot;  High point of the film is Tom Noonan who portrays the serial killer; his performance is remarkable and arguably makes this feature as good as &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot;  I personally prefer it over the recent &quot;Red Dragon&quot; remake.  William Peterson's recent success in 'CSI' has probably renewed movie buffs' interest in this feature. <p>The twin disk set: Disk One is the theatrical version, nicely transferred to digital and contains extra features with interviews of the main actors; Disk Two is the director's cut, but image quality is poor.
Michael Mann prefers to make a non-splatter film but to conduct a game of chess between life and death.Will Graham vs Hannibal Lektor:William Petersen makes the performance of his life upon the F.B.I.'s profiler and  Brian Cox introduces a more intellectual,cunning and human villain than the  respective of Anthony Hopkins in the 1992's &quot;Silence of the  Lambs&quot;.Catalytic for the film's progress is also the performance of  Graham's partner Dennis Farina.Mann directs a solid and acute for the  mind,suspense thriller with plenty of emotional outbreaks.Worhtwhile  mentioning is the scene where the &quot;Tooth Fairy&quot;,performed  remarkable by Tom Noonan,cries in bed after making love with Joan  Allen.Surely this film offers guaranteed entertainment but demands  something more from the people who will see it.
MANHUNTER was a flop when it was released in the mid-1980s, but has enjoyed a much-deserved renaissance in the past few years with the box office success of HANNIBAL and SILENCE OF THE LAMBS.  And now, finally, it has been released on DVD for a second chance with audiences.<p>The debate rages on as to whether MANHUNTER is the best of the trilogy, and you can read numerous postings below about this.  Personally, I think MANHUNTER is superior because it deals with the detailed investigation of horrific crimes versus the crimes themselves, its villain is much more terrifying because he's portrayed with more humanity, and the tone overall is creepy and serious versus horrific and campy.<p>If you're seeing MANHUNTER for the first time and are a fan of the other two films, be forewarned that:<p>1. This is a crime drama, not a horror movie.  And while it is well shot, it is a low budget film with production values just slightly above a TV-movie.  But you will be so engrossed in the story that this won't matter. <p>2. It is definitely a film of its time period, with 80s fashions and a MIAMI VICE-type booming soundtrack that tends to interfere with otherwise quiet and introspective moments.  But the music, as with most of the other films directed by Michael Mann, is excellent, well chosen and progressive (for the mid-1980s).  Even though the film seems dated to some, if we are to judge movies forever by the time periods they were created in, then we might as well stop going to the cinema.<p>3. If Hannibal Lector and Anthony Hopkins are one and the same to you, then seeing Brian Cox in the role might be jarring.  He plays Lector (spelled "Lecktor" here) with much more subtlety than Hopkins, and may disappoint those who are fans of Hopkins's over-the-top (though enjoyable) portrayal.<p>You can read plot details in the many postings below - the real question is how good is the DVD?  Since I was forewarned about the bad video transfer on the 2-disc Director's Cut, I bought the 1-disc Theatrical Cut, which has all the extras of the former.  I am very pleased with the transfer I've seen.  There is some graininess at times, but the picture is generally sharp with vivid colors.  Probably the best version I've seen since I saw it in a theater in the 80s - maybe better.  The audio can be muddy in spots, but the soundtrack booms out of the speakers, particularly the excellent Shriekback songs.<p>There are a couple of scenes on this DVD that I don't remember seeing before - someone can correct me if I'm wrong.  One involves Will Graham touring the empty home of one of the murder victims with a real estate agent, the other is a love scene with his wife in a hotel room.  The former seemed unnecessary, but the latter only heightened the emotional stakes in Will's pursuit of the killer.<p>There are a couple of short, but very informative, documentaries at the end of this film - one featuring the actors, the other featuring the cinematographer.  It was very interesting seeing Tom Noonan (the villain) interviewed, as I've never seen him in any other context but this film.  There are some great nuggets of information for fans of the movie, as well as a collection of movie posters from around the world.<p>The glaring omission is any input from Michael Mann himself.  I, for one, am not as enchanted with running audio commentaries on DVDs, as I feel they tend to take away some of the "magic" of the film itself.  But it's too bad he didn't contribute to the docs at the end.  There is a sense from the actors' interviews that the crew had had it with Michael Mann toward the end, and began walking off the set, leaving a skeleton crew for the final action sequence.  Perhaps this has something to do with it.<p>To sum up, the 1-disc MANHUNTER DVD is probably the best version we'll ever get of this classic film.  Picture and audio are excellent, and the film itself - at least to this viewer - has aged well.  The solving of the crime is so complicated that repeat viewings are beneficial and enjoyable.  And the extras are very informative without being long and overwhelming.  Highly recommended!
I got the new limited edition 2 disc set of Manhunter and I have to say I have never been more disapointed with a DVD in my life.  First of all the first disc that is supposed to be the theatrical cut of the film is not. Several important scenes and patches of dialouge have been removed, and unimportant scenes from the directors cut are added in out of context. And to make matters worse the cuts are made very crudely, sometimes cutting people off in midsentence. <p>Then there is the director's cut on disc 2. Saddly this version was never remastered from the source print so the picture quality of the whole film is that of a deleted scene i.e. worse than VHS. Not to mention that several scenes appear to be taken from brodcast tv as several lines of profanity are crudely dubbed over.<p>Take my advice if you are a fan of this movie stay away from this poorly produced DVD, as refusing to buy it might be the only way get Anchor Bay to correct this horrible problem.
This film is the Great Satan of Thomas Harris film adaptations. "Black Sunday" was made into a very good film with Bruce Dern and Robert Shaw..."The Silence of the Lambs" (of course)...and "Hannibal" (while not exactly top-notch) was good, as well. What this atrocity of a film does, however, is take Harris' greatest novel to date ("Red Dragon") and mutilate it as Dr. Lecter might mutilate a psychiatric patient. The screenwriters for this film excised nearly every element which made the novel so intensely brilliant and (by some twisted logic) left in parts of the novel which became irrelevant in the film, due to the changes made.<br /><br />Why does the character of Reba even EXIST in this film? Her role in the novel was of paramount importance in the closing chapters of "Red Dragon"...in "Manhunter," however, she is all but a throwaway character. My second problem with the film is this...since when is Hannibal Lecter SCOTTISH? That's right, Scottish thespian Brian Cox portrays Lecter with a distinct accent, despite the fact that Harris' works state that Lecter was born in Lithuania in 1938.<br /><br />A further problem, and certainly the aspect of the film which garners most of my animosity toward it...how can any screenwriter justify reducing Harris' breathtaking finale in "Red Dragon" to a trite "good guy vs. bad guy" showdown? Some people who actually READ "The Silence of the Lambs" may remember the following statement made by Jack Crawford about the condition of Will Graham following his final encounter with Dolarhyde..."Will's face looks like damn Picasso drew him." I think that should say enough. They left in the TIGER, but left out the ending.<br /><br />All in all, this film is absolute trash, and the most blatant smearing of a great novel it has ever been my misfortune to witness. Luckily, Ted Tally (screenwriter of the film version of "The Silence of the Lambs") is currently working on his own screenplay for the novel. Hopefully, he won't repeat the same mistakes that the "Manhunter" screenwriters made, and the new "Dragon" film will live up to its source. Bottom line: "Manhunter" was a great cosmic mistake and a painful viewing experience for true Harris fans. Read "Red Dragon" instead...you'll thank me later. And if you've already read the novel, wait for the new film...don't bother with this cliched Hollywood tripe.
This is a highly entertaining, suspenseful, intelligent serial-killer movie. As you know, it's based on the Thomas Harris novel "Red Dragon", which was the "prequel" to "Silence of the Lambs".<br /><br />The plot involves FBI agent Will Graham, excellently portrayed by Will Petersen, who attempts to catch a warped (aren't they all?) serial killer nicknamed "The Tooth Fairy". For help, he consults Hannibal Lecter, portrayed by Englishman Brian Cox, who is institutionalized. Eventually, of course, he figures out the clues left by the killer and meets up with him in a dramatic, thrilling end scene.<br /><br />The cinematography and the images are beautiful. The music, while disturbing, is perfect for the film. Tom Noonan plays the "Tooth Fairy", and does a great job of portraying a psychotic killer. He even injects some humanity/sympathy into the role, making it all the more fascinating to watch. I did not find Hannibal Lecter "scary" or even creepy, for some reason. Interesting, of course, and a great foil for our hero.<br /><br />Better than "Silence of the Lambs"? Not sure. But it is undoubtedly a great movie, with top-notch acting, a creepy psycho, a likeable hero, and a thrilling ending. My only complaint is that the "red dragon" symbol and its meaning to the killer was never fully explained (maybe it is in the book).
This early version of Thomas Harris's novel features an intense story, with fine acting by William Petersen (now seen as Gil Grissom on CBS's CSI).  Mr. Petersen is more intense than his Grissom character but the dogged determination of Grissom is there.  Brian Cox is fine as Lecter (but his role seemed kind of short, since he was one who got the critical praise).  Joan Allen was good as the blind woman who nearly got killed.  Also, interesting choice of song (Iron Butterfly's In A Gadda Da Vida [long version]).  Pretty cool movie.  I'm interested to see how the &quot;new&quot; version compares.  See it and buy it.
Two points I would like to add to the general commentary beyond agreeing that this film is well worth checking out, even if it means you will never be able to listen to &quot;In-a-gadda-da-vida&quot; every again.  First, the difference between the current release &quot;The Red Dragon&quot; and this earlier adaptation of the Thomas Harris novel titled &quot;Manhunter&quot; is as clear as the difference between gray and white.  That would be the difference of the setting for Hannibal Lecter's jail cell.  In this version Brian Cox is dressed all in white in a cell with walls painted white.  Contrast that with with dark dungeon where Anthony Hopkins romps in &quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot; et al. and it is a noticeable stylistic difference.  Take your pick for which one you think is more effective (my contention would be that you obviously do not get as much of a sense of Lecter from this film as you do in &quot;Silence in the Lambs&quot; strictly from the perspective of the script, without getting into the decidedly different nuances of the performances.  <p>Second, &quot;Manhunter&quot; is not going to remind you of &quot;The Silence of the Lambs,&quot; it is going to reminder you of &quot;Miami Vice.&quot;  This makes sense because director Michael Mann created the &quot;MTV Cops&quot; show two years before doing this film.  Then again, maybe you do not remember &quot;Miami Vice,&quot; in which case &quot;Manhunter&quot; will remind you of &quot;C.S.I.&quot; because William Petersen plays the hero.  <p>If you have waited until the new version of &quot;The Red Dragon&quot; came out to finally go back and check this one out, shame on you for waiting until your third and final opportunity for a new film to remind you that the original Hannibal Lecter had been patiently waiting in his little white cell for you to come visit.<p>P.S.  "Manhunter" should not be confused with "The Manhunter," a 1974 TV pilot for a short-lived series starring Ken Howard as a Depression era bounty hunter.  Unfortunately there should not be too much confusion because the latter is not available on videotape, although it was an above average TV-movie with some potential for a series.
I have always felt that Anthony Hopkins portrayal of Hannibal Lecter was superfluous and even campy, which is why I was sad to hear that Brian Cox would not accept the role in  &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot; Nevertheless, I went to see &quot;Red Dragon&quot; this weekend with some friends and I was thoroughly disappointed. In my opinion &quot;Manhunter&quot; is the original &quot;Red Dragon&quot; and for its time a far better product than the new release. Anthony Hopkins is joke in my book, and he completely ruins the movie. He is the complete antithesis of what Harris had in mind for the literary character of the insane Dr Lecter. For those of you who want save some money and see the original &quot;Red Dragon&quot;, I suggest that one purchase &quot;Manhunter&quot; before you see &quot;Red Dragon.&quot;  The only thing I will say about &quot;Red Dragon&quot; was that the Cinematography was better (obviously due to technological advances in the last fourteen years), and the portrayal of the Red Dragon serial killer was a little better. But at the end of the day give me Brian Cox as Lecter and William Peterson as Agent Graham in &quot;Manhunter&quot; versus Hopkins and Norton in &quot; Red Dragon.&quot; Sad to say I love both Hopkins and Norton in other films.
I just saw Red Dragon this weekend. I tried to maintain an open mind as I am a fan of the movie Manhunter. Red Dragon was nicely done using a style similar to Silence of the Lambs. You will see scenes that will definitely spark the comparison and/or tying the movies together. As in Silence Anthony Hopkins will frighten and compell you. I was happy with all the acting. Edward Norton did a nice job but there is no doubt in my mind that William Petersen did a better job in Manhunter. I was also impressed with Ralph Fiennes job of Dolarhyde, but he was no Tom Noonan. Noonan first made me feel compassion for him then he frightened the hell out of me, Fiennes did not. Dennis Farina was a better Cop than Harvey Keitel and Stephen Lang's acting as the obnoxius reporter Freddy Lounds was far better than Phillip Hoffman's rendition. Michael Mann did a brilliant job with the casting, scenes, sets, and music that gave Manhunter a very unique style. Mann's style I think would have been better in the remake than the Brett Ratner version. The characterizations are so real that you can't turn your eyes away. The camera work and visual effects are some of the best you will ever see. This movie is intellectual and shocking. Why Thomas Harris refused to let them call Manhunter "Red Dragon" is beyond me. I have read all his books and Manhunter is my favorite movie made from them. If you don't own a copy of Manhunter and you like mysteries like "Along Came A Spider", "Kiss the Girls", and "The Bone Collector", you need to immediately get it.
"Hannibal Lecter's Legacy of Evil Begins Here"... This movie is a psychological thriller about a FBI detective tracking a serial killer. The movie was adapted from the novel "Red Dragon," by best-selling author Thomas Harris, and is the prequel to "The Silence of the Lambs" and "Hannibal."  Michael Mann directed this movie and is well-known for his direction in more recent movies, "HEAT," "The Insider" and "Ali." Right from the very beginning of the film, Mann's style of film work immediately caught my attention and drew me in. His work is best described as having "complex camera movements, meticulous compositions and slick, shadowy imagery." I noticed the intentional use of blue and green colors specifically being repeated throughout the movie as well. Close up shots were used quite often, to pull the viewer into the intense moments on screen. An example of this was when Will Graham ran out of the building after speaking with Hannibal Lector, and the second that he was outside and hit the open air, the camera zoomed in as he bent over to catch his breath. One of my favorite camera shots in the movie was of Graham climbing up a rope hanging from a tree, and the camera shot him from above looking down. Then there was also a great close up and lighting of the scene where the blind woman is walked to her door by a male co-worker, who then brushes something off of her cheek as the killer is watching from his van. I'd have to say that after seeing this movie, Michael Mann is now one of my favorite directors. Here's a great description of this film and the filmwork...<p>"Manhunter is a cool, dispassionate descent into madness - into a world of unsettlingly bright chemical colors (the azure ocean backdrop to Graham's and his wife's lovemaking) and spatially bizarre mise-en-scenes (the murderer's lair with its arty props and malfunctioning TV). Given its sci-fi veneer and Graham's scary decision to empathize with his quarry in order to catch him, it's a movie that edges into hyperspace - and as such it now looks like a small visionary masterpiece."<p>I also loved the soundtrack for this movie too, but I'll likely never find this as it's OOP (out of print). :(<p>A little extra tid bit: The actor William Petersen who played "Will Graham" in this movie, also plays a very similar character, a crime scene investigation expert named "Gil Grissom," in William L. Petersen's hit crime drama TV series "CSI."<p>Another little bit of information: Italian Cinematographer Dante Spinotti worked closely with Mann on Manhunter as "Director of Photography," and is also a crew member on Brett Ratner's high-profile "remake" of Manhunter - "Red Dragon (2002)" -- Keep an eye out for this new movie release in just a few months, early October!  See this one first though!
MANHUNTER (1986) was the film that really put Michael Mann (then of TV's mega-successful Miami Vice) on the cinematic map. Initially overlooked by most people upon release, it went on to cult video status before being cast into the spotlight due to the critical and commercial success of THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS (1991). In 1986, the films that were most popular were smart teen comedies like PRETTY IN PINK, intelligent adult comedies such as DOWN AND OUT IN BEVERLY HILLS and RUTHLESS PEOPLE, and brain-dead action fare a` la PREDATOR; therefore, a story-centered thriller that depended mainly on character development and gradual buildup of suspense just couldn't hope to find an audience at the time.  Fortunately, MANHUNTER has survived to become one of video's greatest success stories of all time.<p>The film has a lyrical quality to it; it begins and ends in the same place, on the beach.  The first shot is taken at sunrise; the last shot is at sunset. The music is atmospheric, beautiful, and in its own subtle way, does more to help in the creation of suspense than the usual deafening action-film soundtracks.  Michael Mann's direction focuses more on people's faces to tell the story, rather than action and cheap shocks. There are a couple of *necessary* bloody scenes (after all, the plot concerns an FBI agent on the trail of a serial killer), but these are used to inform the brutality being depicted in the film, and do not exist for the sake of sensationalism.  The ending is very well-done; I particularly like the way Michael Mann incorporates the long version of the Iron Butterfly '60's classic "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" to build the suspense of this unforgettable climax. My only complaint is that they end the song slightly before it actually ends, therefore depriving us of the thrill of the final "da-da-dada-da-da-DA!" Maybe they can fix this for another DVD release. :)<p>Unfortunately, this particular DVD version has extremely muffled sound; you need to turn your TV volume way up just to hear the dialogue in certain scenes.  However, I suspect that the Director's Cut DVD probably improves upon this, although I have not yet seen this version.<p>However, I found MANHUNTER to be much more satisfying than THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, which for all of its technical filmmaking brilliance left me feeling rather cold.  Look at the way William F. Petersen (as FBI agent William Graham) arrives at the initial crime scene, calmly and professionally taking out his mini-tape recorder to dictate his description of the horrific details. As he describes the horror, you begin to see the emotion in his eyes and hear it in his voice, both of which gradually intensify. After Petersen finishes his dictation and puts the recorder away, he then lets loose with a verbal barrage aimed squarely at the killer as if he were in that very room with him. This is an example of the brilliant acting and directing in this film.<p>All in all, this is a very well-written, well-acted, and and well-paced film that definitely deserves the credit it has finally gotten over the past ten years. Michael Mann has gone on to direct Oscar-nominated films such as THE LAST OF THE MOHICANS, HEAT, THE INSIDER, and ALI. Now, after watching MANHUNTER, I really feel the need to see his other films for the first time! :)
A very enjoyable film that is an excellent prelude to the recent hannibal lector films The main bonus for me was the compelling portrayal of Hannibal Lector by the Scottish actor Brian Cox. He plays lector as a more beleivable chracter than Hopkins Lector. The cinematography (if some what dated but excellent)is typical of Michael Mann, if youve ever seen Miami Vice or the insider you will know what i mean. A gripping thriller. I love it.
Could have been much better if they would have been more aligned with Harris'Red Dragon.  It would have made for a much better ending.  In addition, &quot;the Tooth Fairy&quot; would have surpassed Buffalo Bill in sure creepiness if the Red Dragon would have been emphasized greater.
First of all, this is far better than 'Red Dragon,' the 2001 remake of this film.  Credit goes to Michael Man and William Petersen.<p>Petersen's Will Graham is a much more damaged soul than the world realizes, and he is far underappreciate for his ability to convey intense emotion in the subtlest way.  He also nicely handles the fragile line that separates the Lecter's from the rest of the world, and how close we all are to becoming Lecter's.<p>Mann is one of the best at conveying the poetry of urban life.  While this isn't as typical of his style, he does manage to turn some ordinary places into terrific visuals.<p>This films Dollarhyde is also far more frightening.  When the climax reveals his identity, it chills you to realize how 'normal' he is.<p>This film really does seem to work better for the story than the remake.  It's not a big-budget story, but definitely fares better for those who like for films to engage their minds.
This film in my opinion is the best Hannibal film, better than the Remake just out. Even though Manhunter stands on its own as a singular film rather than part of a series. The portrayals are exactly how I imagined them and Cox gives us the best Lecter (even though Hopkins was brilliant in SOTL). The ending improves on the book, and has the brilliant song by Iron Butterfly. This is also a very disturbing and very 80's film, which adds to the whole atmosphere. Not enoughdevelopment for Dolarhyde, but this version of the film isn't really about him so we can ignore that. Buy this and watch it befor you get preconseptions from the remake.
Fans of detective films ala Se7en should definitely have a look at this great film.<p>William Petersen (The Skulls) plays Will Graham, a former FBI manhunter and former victim of Hannibal &quot;The Cannibal&quot; Lecter (Spelled LECKTOR in this film for some reason). Graham retired from the FBI after his encounter with Lecter. He also captured Lecter which is made apparent in the film. Grahams life is somewhat back on track. He now lives on the beach in Florida with his Wife and Son. He's happy now, having been driven to the brink of insanity from his work on the Lecter case. That all comes to an end when a friend from the FBI pays him a visit with news of a serial killer who kills on the eve of ever full moon. Graham tries to resist but ultimately succumbs when he is shown pictures of the families that have been killed in their sleep by this maniac. Graham then heads to Atlanta and begins work on profiling the killer, nicknamed The Tooth Fairy. What happens from here is one of the most entertaining, and interesting, detective dramas ever. <p>This film features some of the most beautiful photography of Florida to have ever been caught on film, I believe. Also a pumping soundtrack, chock full of 80's nostalgia, perpetuates the constant unease of the film.<p>This film was also directed by Michael Mann.<p>As for the DVD,<br />This dvd has neat menu screens and very well written cast and crew bios. It also has two very interesting/entertaining featurettes.<p>All in all this film comprises a detective film very nicely. Just don't go into watching it expecting it to be anything like The Silence of the Lambs or Hannibal. This is in no way like either of those films and Hannibal Lecter plays a very small and very minute part in this film.
Manhunter suffers from some of the problems that arise when a novel is adapted to the screen: it's generally too talky, and it attempts to work every scene of the book into the film.  This is especially true of the  first half of the film, where you'll often find the characters are telling  you things the film should be showing you.  This drags down the pace of  individual scenes, though overall the film moves from scene to scene at a  breakneck speed, trying to fit in as much of the book's content as  possible.  The end result is disconcerting.<p>Things improve quite a bit in  the second half, where the screenplay eases up on trying to fit everything  in, and a few haunting scenes show Michael Mann's visual skills to best  advantage - but ultimately, the (apparently) low budget and the cast (which  is competent, but not really memorable) keep the film from the heights it  could have achieved.<p>The full-screen VHS cassette of Manhunter has a few  drawbacks that deserve mention here, most notably that it's in EP mode,  which harms the quality of the image. Because the film was photographed in  the Super 35 format, the transfer is made without too great a loss of  visual information on the sides -  but by taking in more information on the  bottom and (especially) the top, the composition of the frame is too loose  and uninteresting, and a boom microphone makes occasional appearances at  the top of the frame.  Whatever flaws this film may have, it deserves a  better presentation than it got here.
This is the film version of the first Thomas Harris novel to feature Hannibal Lecter, Red Dragon.  It involves an FBI agent Will Graham's (CSI's William Petersen) hunt for another serial killer, the &quot;Tooth Fairy&quot;.  Graham is the only person ever to grapple with Lecter and live; and he gained a scar (and Lecter's respect) as a result.  <p>The way Graham catches killers is by thinking like them.  This causes him no end of grief as he discovers things about himself.  The Lecter link is the same as in Silence of the Lambs, he simply gives clues to the agent to help him find the killer.  <p>This is not a terrific film, but it is very good.  The mood is set from the beginning; even the romantic scenes with Graham and his wife are lit in blue to convey a certain "coldness."  Petersen is the star here and his performance hits all the right notes.  Graham portrays every common emotion and especially the uncommon ones, with great zeal.  He's really working here.  (In an interview he said that he had gone directly to another role, but still found himself "playing Graham.") <p>Tom Noonan gives a creepy, yet vulnerable, performance as Francis Dollarhyde, the "Tooth Fairy," and Brian Cox is sufficiently creepy as Lecter, although his acting is a different style than that of Anthony Hopkins (one tries not to compare the two, though it seems impossible given the circumstances), he still feels like the same character.  In addition, Joan Allen shows her extensive ability here in an early role as the blind co-worker/lover/victim of Dollarhyde.  <p>My only complaint is that the film has a certain &quot;TV&quot; look and feel to it.  <p>One thing is for certain: you'll never hear Iron Butterfly's "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" the same way again.
I was suprised at how many people thought this was perfact from start to finsh. The tooth fairy(the killer) walking around like normal blasting away at the FBI?<br />The final in the Slice of the Lambs! Now thats a great and spookey end, but I can't cut Manhunter down to much, because up until that point the is a masterpiece in thrillers.<p>I'm still glad that I only rented this and did not buy it.
Interesting prequel to 'The Silence of the lambs' and 'Hannibal'.<br />'Manhunter' is a dark thriller with some great acting and nice touches. Tom Noonan (Kain in 'RoboCop 2) is sinister as Francis, or known by the FBI as the 'Tooth Fairy' because he leaves bite marks in his victims skin. This film is very, if not too similar to 'Silence of the lambs' in the sense we have a somewhat maverick agent going after a nutter and ending in bloodshed. But 'Manhunter' can stand alone as a decent thriller worth watching. Brian Cox is wonderful as sophisticated psycho Hannibal Lecter (Spelt 'Lektor' in this film).
this movie was the very beginnning of Hannibal Lecter.  It is not, a Hannibal Lecter, movie.  This is an intense look at the man who caught the well-known cannibal and how he is called to &quot;duty&quot; once more.  This is a great film, directed wonderfully by Michael Mann, and William Petersen is terrific as the melancholy hero. I saw this when it came out in the 80's. I purchased it before reading the book Red Dragon, which I love. And, like Silence of Lambs, the movie follows the book completely.  Take the movie for what it is, a terrific thriller.
I saw this on VHS back in '87. A great, scary, thrilling pursuit by a complex cop. Clean visuals and the greatest use of Iron Butterfly ever. This Lecter was better than Sir Anthony's hands down. No silly face masks or props, just pure evil in the eyes.
This film was entertainig with credible performances from the cast howevever it neglects to capture the viewers undivided attention such as &quot;The Silence Of the Lambs&quot; and &quot;Hannibal&quot;.  The story itself is definately more intriguing than the proceeding two films but the movie fails to deliver much insight into the villians character compared to the novel it was adapted from.  I could also do without the cheesy 80's music soundtrack blaring in the backround.  This is not a must for your DVD collection.  I recommend renting it before you buy it.
Manhunter is a great adaption of Thomas Harris' book &quot;Red Dragon&quot;.  It is the first movie that introduces Hannibal, the Cannibal, Lecter.  He is not played by Anthony Hopkins, but it is still a powerful role.  William Peterson is great in this and I hope that MGM considers him for the same role when they release their version of &quot;Red Dragon&quot;.<p>It is an dark movie that really works you into the mind of a serial killer.  It is very suspenceful and Michael Mann pulls off the suspence wonderfully.  I strongly recommend this movie to all suspence fan.
I can't believe this film only recived 3 stars in theaters!  I think the film, effects, and acting are supurb!  And how about Brian Cox? He was a fasinating Hannibal Lektor (spelled Lektor, not Lector as it is in the  books and Silence of the Lambs) I think Brian Cox played Lector more how he  is potrayed in the book, The Red Dragon. I'm not saying Sr. Anthony Hopkins  didn't do a supurb job playing Lector in Silence of the Lambs...he did,  he's also my favorite actor, but I just pictured Brian Cox when I read all  3 books. The only complaint I have is the ending. I didn't think the ending  was as good as it could have been, I wish it would have ended more like the  book. I also wish that Lektor would have been in it a little more, like the  book, but still I was thrilled to find and watch this movie, I was so  surprised to find that most Silence of the Lambs fans knew nothing of  Manhunter...I love both movies and can't wait to see Hannibal...but I must  put my vote behind Manhunter. If you haven't seen it you don't know what  you're missing!  Oh...I was wondering...I keep hearing that this is not  the original movie and that the original is longer and more like the book,  but they dicontinued it. If that's true, does anyone know how to find it?
I do not agree with many of the reviews of this movie. Sure it may be ok for a low budget film but it still isnt good. The movie follows the book Red Dragon very nicely but that isnt a good thing. Sure Red Dragon was a great book but this movie is like listening to the book Red Dragon on an audio tape. It is just too boring. They needed to focus more on Francis Dollarhyde and less on the FBI agents. If they had focused on Dollarhyde and showed the reasons for why he is the way he is and shown what Dollarhyde feels and the ways he thinks hes becoming the Red Dragon this would have been a much better film. One important part that happened in the book that this films lacks is the scene where Dollarhyde feels he is loosing the fight to the Dragon and lossing his mind and goes to the museum and eats the picture. This is a very important part of the book and shows how Dollarhyde wants to change. Then the ending of this movie kills it. The new movie Red Dragon at least some what followed the true ending of the book. The ending of this is made up and is very dull. This was definatly not a huge film but I expected so much more from it.
This was made four years before SILENCE OF THE LAMBS and was based on the earlier Thomas Harris novel RED DRAGON.  They did not call it RED DRAGON, because there was another movie that year with DRAGON in the title that did  not do so well...and the studio feared it would get confused with that  film.  It's driected by Michael Mann who is famous for MIAMI VICE, and yes  it shows in this film.  But it's a grueling fast-paced reality-based  thriller similar to SILENCE OF THE LAMBS.  Big challenge is they had to  vocalize Will Graham's thoughts in the book into actual lines in the movie.  Sometimes you can tell the film was made on a smallish budget in the  mid-80s, but on the whole?  It holds up today as a great adaptation of a  great book!  It's a fun movie, and if you are a fan of the other thrillers  like SILENCE OF THE LAMBS this will be right up your alley.  Yes, there is  a wonderful appearance by Hannibal the infamous cannibal -- though not much  is made of his modus operandi.  He is never referred to as a cannibal.  But  Brian Cox's portrayal is strong if brief.  The real stars here are the  actors portraying Will Graham and the killer.  Both give creepy a human  edge as they play cat and mouse with each other.  And fans of Joan Allen --  her portrayal of the blind Reba is amazingly well done.  Sexy and stylish,  not too much gore, and very tight pacing.  I can't be more effusive about  this movie.
Read the hype online and bought it cheap at my local store. Disappointed by the dated score (cheap 'lectronic ala M.Vice) and TV-movie standard of acting. <p>The scenes where Will Peterson's detective acted outraged-yet-exhilerated when he finaly &quot;saw&quot; with the killer's eyes were painful to watch. The over-emoting was really laughable.<p>One thing I couldn't understand was the lack of subtitles. Brian Cox's accented dialogue sounded terrible and not too terribly menacing. Which makes it harder to convince audiences of Will Graham's terrorised state of mind.<p>The final showdown was choppily edited (on purpose I suppose). Lacked dramatic tension, excerbated by the terrible rock 'n' roll music accompanying the scene.<p>Can't wait for a updated remake...
This blows Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal out of the water in term of artistic expression in the cinematic medium.  Tom Noonan is fantastic and the climax is among the best ever produced. BUY THIS IF YOU SEE IT, CHRIST!
I was going to try and talk about &quot;Manhunter&quot; without mentioning &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, but as someone once said, if you try not to think about elephants, all you can really think about are elephants.  And really, would I ever come near this movie if I didn't have a &quot;Silence&quot; fetish?  Probably not.<p>The main difference between &quot;Silence&quot; and &quot;Manhunter&quot;, from what I saw, is that in the former the chief investigator, who's also the chief victim in a way, was a woman.  There isn't the same sense of menace here, for we believe that protagonist Will Graham is more than capable of going mano a mano with the horror he is searching for.  Clarice Starling, for all her put-on gruff exterior, never gave us such confidence.  Which made her triumph that much more surprising.  And rather than being a psychological horror movie, &quot;Manhunter&quot; is a quaint little police procedural.  It focuses more on the work of the cops (a lot of which is done against the clock) rather than the mind of the serial killer.<p>Director Michael Mann, who in 1986 was best known as the brawn behind &quot;Miami Vice&quot;, has created another piece of work that is definitively of the 1980s.  Skinny ties, pastel coloured clothes, constant 5 o'clock shadows on the men, and bad perms for the ladies all make cameo appearances here.  It never steps into the realm of the comical, as many '80s movies now do, but can be somewhat distracting.  Also distracting is Mann's stylish use of his camera.  He has a tendency to frame his subject off-centre in the frame.  There is one telling moment where Will calls his wife, and their incongruous framing in the scene tells the audience that these two really aren't on the same page.  But there's one shot where Will tells his wife that he loves her, and they appear in their respective frames in exactly the same shot.  I liked this technique in this scene, but in other moments it became quite annoying: one scene is filmed entirely from behind a television set, which consistently gets in the way of the action.<p>The image of the &quot;Red Dragon&quot;, the William Blake painting which if I remember correctly was so vital in the book, is glossed over here.  Couple that with the fact that they changed the name of the movie from &quot;Red Dragon&quot; to &quot;Manhunter&quot; (nomenclature at its most compromising), and the image gets totally lost.  Only those who've read the book will fully understand the killer's obsessions.<p>My final complaint, before I tell you why I actually liked the movie, concerns the music.  The score reminded me at times of &quot;A Clockwork Orange&quot;: epic, contemplative, and creepy.  Except for that movie synthesizers were an exciting new technology.  Here, they are only a cheap alternative to hiring a full orchestra, an '80s cliche gone bad.  Also, is it just me, or did the composing duo of Michel Rubini and Klaus Schulze (which deserves the blame?) pinch the chord progression from Pink Floyd's &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; at one point (&quot;Hello hello hello... is there anybody out there?&quot;)?  The ineptness of the score is made even clearer during the final sequence when &quot;In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida&quot;, by contrast, explodes from the speakers after 90 minutes of sucky synth noodling.  It's kind of a cheesy song itself, but by comparison it comes off as an heroic rock classic.<p>Now for the good stuff.  Michael Mann, despite the flaws above, did a fine job with the look and pacing of the movie.  He really sucks you in to the suspense, and his garish visual style never does get in the way of that, while making the movie such a treat to look at.  His script, for the most part, retains much of the depth of the book (except for that silly Red Dragon omission; I still can't get over that), and it unravels slowly and assuredly, never letting the audience know too much too soon.<p>William Peterson does a fine job as the stoic, psychologically bruised genius detective.  The complaints regarding the implausibility of his mysterious magical powers are undeserved, though.  I found it to be nothing more than heightened intuition, which a genius serial killer tracker would need.  The film didn't make any more of this characteristic than it had to.<p>Francis Dollarhyde, a.k.a. The Tooth Fairy, a.k.a. (in his own mind) Red Dragon, compares very favourably with Jame Gumb (say what you will about the man, but Thomas Harris sure came up with some trippy names for his killers).  Both are tall, thin men, very blond and vacant looking, calm in their duties, wrestling with their own sexuality.  Dollarhyde, inexplicably, gets a love interest here (an early, blind Joan Allen), which is terribly creepy, knowing what this man has done and is about to do<p>I suppose I'm obligated here to compare the two Dr. Lecters.  Okay.  Brian Cox' Dr. Lektor is more like a &quot;Hannibal&quot;-era Hannibal than a &quot;Silence&quot;-era Hannibal.  Even though he is just in the beginning of a long prison term, he has a certain joie de vivre about him, even through his obvious anger at being captured.  Cox is charismatic, sharp as a tack, and terribly menacing.  It would have been interesting to go back to 1986 and watch this movie for the first time, without the impediment of Hopkins' Lecter to compare it to.  Would Hannibal the Cannibal have made the same impact in the movie as he does now?  I doubt it.  Not to take anything away from Cox' fine, but all too brief, performance.<p>As I've said in this space before, I'm a sucker for serial killer movies.  A good one will keep me engrossed from start to finish, and I'm glad to report that &quot;Manhunter&quot;, despite its flaws, did just that.  Go in with an open mind, be willing to overlook its datedness, try not to compare it too hard to &quot;Silence&quot;, and you'll have a good time too.
This movie comes from the book &quot;Red Dragon&quot;, an excellent read.  However, this is not a good translation of the book.  The character central to the book, Francis Dollarhyde, is not explained at all in the movie.  You get no real motivation as to why he is the way he is.  You don't get the connection to the painting &quot;The Great Red Dragon and the Woman Clothed with the Sun&quot;.  You don't learn about the abuses of his grandmother.  You don't get the explanation behind the teeth that he uses to bite his victims with.  These were all very central to the character's development.  Without them, he was just a creepy guy.  (You get more evil characters out of Batman cartoons.)<p>Instead, the movie focuses more on Will Graham and his journey.  He is not that interesting of a person, either.  At least, not enough to dedicate a whole movie to.<p>I am a fan of Brian Cox, but he did not ooze the quiet evil that Sir Anthony Hopkins did in &quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot;.  So as a whole, the characters were not engaging.<p>And then there is the ending; the big shock at the end of the book was wasted.  The movie had the typical stylized Hollywood ending that made me cringe.  Not to mention the director's need to linger on a closing shot of the happy-family-in-paradise a good fifteen seconds too long.  Michael Mann may have redeemed himself on later movies, but with Manhunter, you got the Miami Vice, 80's quasi-style of directing.<p>Manhunter is not a scary movie, not a taut movie, not a frightening movie, nor an intense movie.  What is it then?  A dull shell of what could have been.  Save your time; read the book.
If you want to know and remember Anthony Hopkins in the role - which was great - then this is not the kind of film for you.<p>However, if you are more entertained by a SUPERIOR plot and BETTER ACTING, then this is for you. The Silence of the Lambs cannot hold a candle to this movie. Petersen is INTENSE as the psycho stalker, Brian Cox EXCEPTIONAL as Hannibal Lector, Noonan EXCELLENT and (no one'e even mentioned) Joan Allen as the blind victim.... SUPERB. <p>This movie had WAY MORE CLASS than Silence, and of course looking at the lovely Kim Greist never hurts. The soundtrack was excellent as well.<p>Entirely excellent. Will have to get it on DVD someday.
Manhunter was a pretty poor film, in my opinion, nowhere even CLOSE to Silence of the Lambs.  Regardless, the DVD is worse.  The cinematography is beautiful, and the scenes are well shot, but the director's cut on DVD is atrocious.  It looks like a 5th generation copy from a TV show, not the crystal-clear picture I'm used to on a DVD.  I'm a director's-cut fanatic, and this is the WORST director's cut I've ever seen (it makes my ?th generation director's cut of Alien look GORGEOUS).  To top it all off, the editing is choppy and uneven, with dialogue and music abruptly ending.  And of course, the horribly-cheesy ending is still just as horribly cheesy.  This is not a direct attack on the film itself, but the DVD production.  I wouldn't pay $5 for this.  Please, please, PLEASE, save your money!  Or get the VHS tape.  Just don't buy this.
Manhunter is a movie made in 1986. So it has all those little things that remind you of the 80's, which today might strike you as odd or funny. Observe the shorts that Graham wears when in Florida, or the sun glasses of his wife, or the song at the end titles... <p>Still, the movie, as the first installment of the Hannibal trilogy, is so much better when compared to the recent 'Red Dragon' flick, which retells the same story, with different actors and a different ending.<p>The plot follows detective Graham (William Petersen) out of retirement, and asking for the help of Dr.Lector (Brian Cox) - he later became Dr. Lecter- whom he personally captured in the past, in order to catch a new serial-killer on the loose (Tom Noonan).<p>I have to admit, seeing Brian Cox as the Hannibal made me feel strange at the beginning. For me, and many others, the role of Hannibal will unarguably be linked with a certain actor, called Anthony Hopkins. But if you manage to overcome this single shock, you will start realizing how 'Manhunter' succeeds in what 'Red Dragon' fails. To build a convincing atmosphere.<p>For one thing, the acting is far superior in 'Manhunter'. In 'Red Dragon' there are cases where you feel that even the actors do not believe in their lines, which is a big waste if you take into account the superb cast. What about Dolarhyde? Ralph Fiennes in 'Red Dragon' does a good job. Yet in many cases you see that he is acting, or even, over-acting. Tom Noonan in 'Manhunter' is so natural in the same part. You can sense his inner struggle, without seeing it. There is also a scene where he holds a blind woman in his arms. His reactions, the movement of his hands, the way he lays his head upon her shoulder, clearly reveal his vulnerable and shy self.<p>Furthermore, 'Red Dragon' decides to explain everything to the viewer as if the latter will be unable to understand by himself. It has to show us why Graham decided to retire early. In a sequence that vividly brings to mind Hitchcock's 'Psycho' it has to detail the roots of Dolarhyde's wounded psyche. It even attempts to loudly explain, through the words of Harvey Keitel, about the 'supernatural' charisma that detective Graham possesses, in order to justify the fact that he will later use it to solve the murder cases. 'Manhunter' on the other hand, does none of the above. All these facts, crucial for the development of the plot, are not explicitly stated. Rather than that, they are implied, and thus, the viewer has to discover them by himself, making the whole experience more fulfilling.<p>As for the ending, 'Red Dragon' decides to go for the extra suspense, for the final fear. On the other hand, 'Manhunter' chooses a much simpler road. Many would probably argue that the former fits better with the rest of the movie. Still, in my opinion, 'Manhunter' does well even in this case, bringing the film to its natural ending.<p>By the way, pay close attention to the music score. It's simply brilliant.
Don't even bother with this movie, just watch Red Dragon. The movie began very consistant with the book, which I read shortly before seeing both films, but after about the first thirty minutes it went off on its own tangent. The acting is cheesy, the dialogue is pourly delivered, and Brian Cox as Hanibal Lector was terrible. Tom Noonan portrayed the Dragon as some love sick teenager who would drop all that he had done for the love of a girl. It completely ignored the fact of how disturbed and tormented he was by the Dragon, which was of course his alter-ego personified in the painting by William Blake which also was curiously absent from this film. It left out all of the development of Dolarhydes character, including his love for Reba, and his attempt to control the Dragon. And the ending... oh boy, that was the worst. In this version you get to see him try to murder Reba, the only woman he ever had true human feelings for, when in the book he wanted nothing more than to let her live and keep her from the Dragons grasp. Red Dragon strayed from the book ending a bit as well, but was a little more consistent with Thomas Harris' original ending. Both films left out the inner-struggle of Will Graham and his ultimate cowardice before the Dragon which led to him losing his own family. Hollywood wants a hero, and although Will leads to the destruction of the Dragon, he was not a hero. Both films made him one. Red Dragon is more consistent with the book, it developes Dolarhydes character, it has a better ending, and brings more insight to the character of Hanibal Lector. Hopefully Thomas Harris will continue this series. I want to see more...
Manhunter is a pure energetic roller-coaster of great emotion. William Petersen, Kim Greist, Tom Noonan, Dennis Farina and Brian Cox all play excellent roles. Much of Cox's performance is made up of heart-stopping dialogue and amazing wit. The detail in this film is apart of what makes it so interesting and appealing, but that's not nearly quite the overall charm of this movie. The soundtrack goes along with the images superbly. And the images are very-well photographed. Overall an amazing movie to watch.
A well made suspence-thriller on a low budget. Absolutely worth your time...
Manhunter is absolutely amazing. Despite the fact that it is fifteen years old, it is just as good as the day it came out. William Peterson is great, and if you like Silence of the Lambs, you should see this. The filming, colors and lighting are wonderful - it will remind you of The Insider. This movie is scary as hell also, and it will keep you on the edge of your seat...
This is a fucking TERRIFIC thriller from Michael Mann!! Many comparisons have been made between this and Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal, and I would have to say that it's better than both of them!! The only thing that slightly detracts from the film is the slightly disappointing transfer. It is very soft with some gran, shimmer and some MPEG artefacts, including Macro Blocks, among others. The audio is a bit low but overall sounds good. The extras are particualy good as well. This is a good disc to own, despite the problems with the video and audio.
Manhunter is a pretty good thriller and I found it a lot better than Silence of the Lambs, and MUCH better than Hannibal.  I heard that they're thinking of remaking Manhunter, I sincerely hope they don't, because it will most likely turn out to be a big disappointment like Hannibal.
especially for fans of Michael Mann, and his stylish, intense film presentation.  If you absolutely must have your movies true to the book, or if you are watching Manhunter to try to get an early view of Hannibal Lecter (pre-Silence of the Lambs), you may be disappointed.<p>Mann gives us William Petersen, a little younger and thinner, but much the same as his current role in the television feature &quot;CSI&quot;.  He has nearly destroyed himself and his family life with his ability to profile serial killers, and his inability to stay out of harm's way.  The villain of this setting (and the book, &quot;Red Dragon&quot; by Thomas Harris) is called the &quot;Tooth Fairy&quot; and his slaughter of two families is particularly grisly; how and why he chose his victims will surprise you.  Mann's use of rock classics for the score, and his choice of actors for the parts of both villians are brilliant.  Although I prefer Anthony Hopkins, the Lecter role is played with brilliant understatement by Cox, an actor who can &quot;ooze&quot; madness and evil, and does so in this film.  Like many of the reviewers, I found only the original widescreen DVD, and not the 2 part Director's cut to demonstrate the excellence in this film. BRAVO, Michael Mann!
Taken on its own merits, this is a pretty good movie. Michael Mann's direction is great, and his use of lighting and textures is impressive, and Brian Cox is in many ways far creepier than Anthony Hopkins' Hannibal Lechter. And the climactic sequence, set to &quot;Inna Gadda Davida,&quot; is sheer perfection in and of itself. My only complaint is with William Peterson, as FBI Agent Will Graham. Nothing personal, but Peterson couldn't act his way INTO a wet paper bag. A wooden cigar-store Indian would have been more convincing in the role. Nonetheless, a very good film and well worth seeing. It makes &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; make a lot more sense, and it is not a bad way to kill an evening.
For once i am in agreement with other reviewers... This adaptation of the book Red Dragon is a great deal closer to the mark to the work of harris then SOTL was. I liked the book alot better then SOTL and so too do I like the movie better. the acting was magnificant, the story line didnt stray to far from the book. over all a must. I own it for vhs, and AS soon as the DVD comes out I will own that too. if you like thrillers you wont be let down.
Francis Dollarhyde has to be one of the more disturbing and chilling villains in modern day literature and cinema.  Abused and damaged as a child to a point where only a series of rudimentary, barely functioning social masks takes the place of a whole man, Dollarhyde hides the savage pathology of a serial killer who annihilates entire families to fuel his twisted desire and impossible longing.<br /><br />Although "Manhunter" is less true to Thomas Harris' book "Red Dragon," and the 2002 film version with the same name, I found it to be a vastly superior film.  Despite its retro `80's fashion and the distinctive pastels and sun-drenched look of Michael Mann's work during his Miami Vice television series days, you will find a film that cuts through the meat, slicing through the bone and exposing the marrow.  Tom Noonan's performance is one of the most haunting and pitiable on celluloid.  Noonan delivers the tortured, damaged and ultimately unsalvageable soul of Francis Dollarhyde in a way that even Harris' book didn't convey.  He is a howling soul in Hell--a grotesque who is driven by his delusions.<br /><br />William Peterson is Will Graham, a  former FBI profiler, who retired after a near death encounter in apprehending the notorious and now incarcerated Hannibal Lector (played by a wonderfully sinister and reptilian Brian Cox).  When Graham's former handler, Jack Crawford (Dennis Farina), asks him to help him profile the murderer, Graham visits Lector in his jail cell, to recover the mind-set necessary to track the killer.  In doing so, Graham incurs Lector's wrath and his collusion with the very killer Graham is pursuing, bringing him far closer to the case than he anticipated.<br /><br />Joan Allen absolutely shines as Reba McClane, the blind girl who has the misfortune to be attracted to Francis Dollarhyde and who unwittingly serves as Dollarhyde's last connection to his vanishing humanity.  Early on in their relationship, Dollarhyde takes Reba to a veterinarian who is set to cap a sedated tiger's tooth.  Watching Reba's facial expressions as she ran her hands along the tiger's fur and listened to the beating of its heart, with tears streaming down her face, was almost painful.  Dollarhyde watches her from a corner in the room and seems to experience something akin to an emotional release from her experience.  It is one of the strangest and most erotically charged scenes I've ever seen in a film.<br /><br />When I first saw this film in its theatrical release, I remember thinking, "Thanks a lot, Michael Mann, you've totally ruined Iron Butterfly's Inna Gadda De Vida for me.  Now I'm never going to be able to hear this great song from my youth without feeling vaguely frightened."  Even so, the sound track for the film contains some of the most eerily beautiful music from `80's groups like Red 7, Prime Movers and Shriekback, which Mann has integrated flawlessly into the film.<br /><br />"Manhunter" might annoy some viewers who remember only too well the big hair and bad fashion of the 1980's.  However, if you can manage to put these aside, I think you will find an often overlooked and intense gem of a thriller.
In his novel &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, author Thomas Harris revisted the character of Hannibal &quot;The Cannibal&quot; Lector, a  super-intelligent, super-sick serial killer locked up in a hospital for the  criminally insane.  Revisted, because Lector first appeared as a supporting  character in a previous novel called &quot;Red Dragon,&quot; which is the  source for Michael Mann's film, &quot;Manhunter.&quot;<p>Before  &quot;Heat,&quot; before &quot;Last of the Mohicans,&quot; Mann informed  film fans that he was a huge talent with &quot;Manhunter.&quot;  This taut,  slick thriller tells the story of Will Graham, a burnt-out retired FBI  agent with a terrible gift.  Graham can empathize with murderers so clearly  that he can start to think like them, and eerily predict their next move.  The problem is, by the time he starts to think like them he has put his  sanity and soul in peril.<p>If this sounds a little gimmicky, the  combination of Harris' story, Mann's direction, and William Petersen's  performance as Graham keep it real.  Graham is brought back by his former  boss to help the bureau with a pattern killer.  Unlike &quot;Silence of the  Lambs,&quot; which pushed the pursuit of Jame Gumb into the background,  &quot;Manhunter&quot; is almost entirely about the pursuit of a serial  killer known as the Tooth Fairy.<p>Mann's direction is nothing like  Jonathon Demme's; despite the presence of a few common characters (Lector,  FBI commander Jack Crawford, psychiatrist Dr. Chilton) the movies are  totally dissimilar in their &quot;look and feel.&quot;  Yet Mann's film is  terrific.  Visually clearer and more brightly lit, &quot;Manhunter&quot;  proceeds more as a straight-ahead crime drama than the psychological  thriller of &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot; <p>Like &quot;Silence of the  Lambs&quot;, &quot;Manhunter&quot; is about two monsters, and as in second  film, Dr. Lector here is the FBI's key to finding a killer still at large.  Brian Cox portrays the bad doctor as more outspoken and confident.  It  isn't Hopkin's portrayal -- it's quite different -- but it's so effective  that, when I learned of the casting of Hopkins, I felt disappointment.  Cox, I thought, was the obvious choice.  (Live and learn).<p>As good as Cox  is, perhaps the biggest draw of &quot;Manhunter&quot; is the hypnotic  performance by Tom Noonan as Francis Dolarhyde.  Noonan is touching, tragic  and terrifiying as the man driven to murder entire families.  <p>Noteworthy  too is a piece of music:  Mann uses Iron Butterly's acid rock classic  &quot;In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida&quot; to score the action climax.  If that sounds  like an odd choice, it isn't; it's one of the most exciting sequences on  film.<p>I recommend &quot;Manhunter&quot; highly, both to fans of  &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, and to anyone who likes a good crime  thriller.
This movie is about a million times better than the recent remake "Red Dragon." The real conflict of the film is Will's (William Petersen)tenuous grasp on his sanity as he tracks a killer who is about to strike while dealing with a killer who he has already caught. While Brian Cox's Lecktor will draw comparisons to Anthony Hopkin's version in subsequent movies, Cox plays the psychopath as a real threat -- a murderer who will kill. Hopkins is brilliant as well, but I always felt that his Lector was like an animal who would strike only of thouroughly provoked. We see Cox and Petersen as equals on different sides of the fence, with little separating them other than Petersen's Graham's knowledge of right and wrong. This thriller is one of the best.
See this movie before &quot;Red Dragon&quot; is realeased in October, 2002.  Many say that &quot;Manhunter&quot; is better than &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;.  It is not fair to compare the two films.  Both are classics.  But what makes &quot;Manhunter&quot; extremely compelling is the thrill-by-thrill crime-solving phases of the film.  The DVD version is awesome.  The THX sound goes right to your soul.  The storyline follows a Hitchcock pattern...and the music is nostalgic and riveting.  Five stars...nothing less.  The performance by Brian Cox as Hannibal Lecter is spine-tingling.  You wish he had more screen time when the flick is over.  The psychotic killer, portrayed by Tom Noonan, is worth all 6-foot-7 of him.  The manhunter, played by William Petersen, is brilliant and convinceable.  I shy from giving away plots, but potential viewers need to know that this film was the prelude to Silence of the Lambs.  The manhunter in this film is the FBI agent that caught Hannibal Lecter...now he desperately needs him to solve a haunting crime that has possessed his life...his psychie.<p>This movie is based on the book &quot;Red Dragon&quot;, which is the basis of the film coming out in October, 2002.  It will be a remake of this 1986 classic (16 years later).  <p>If you loved &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;, you can't miss &quot;Manhunter&quot;.  And for those of you who grew up in the Sixties, if you watch this flick, you'll never listen to the classic psychedelic rock song &quot;In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida&quot; with the same set of ears or senses.  The tune, recorded by Iron Butterfly, is the highlight of the closing sequence.<p>Fasten your seat belts, grab your main squeeze, turn off the lights............ENJOY!
&quot;MANHUNTER&quot; is a 5 star film that has yet to receive the treatment it deserves. Technically speaking, this new DVD gets 3 stars, which is a big step up from the 1 star treatment it got in 2002. I'll dispense with the superlatives about Michael Mann's screenplay and direction and the performances of William Peterson, Tom Noonan and Brian Cox and concentrate on the merits of this new DVD edition. I became familiar with this film from a taped broadcast from The Movie Channel back in 1987 which Mann also reworked from the original theatrical release by adding the same footage included in this new edition. The only difference is the deletion of a scene in which Graham has a brief interview with the director of the institution in which Dr.Lecktor is imprisoned. In that scene, Graham becomes irritated when asked about his ability to get inside of Lecktor's fantasies. It's not an important scene, but it does help convey Graham's discomfort with the talent that makes him such an asset to the FBI. The scenes which Mann added both to that TMC release and this new edition are welcome improvements.<br />  There is a notice at the beginning of this edition advising that some of the footage is of less than optimum quality due to some inferior source material for scenes that were not included in the theatrical version.  That's an understatement. The image quality through 95% of this film is very good. However, several shots are of VHS quality and a few look like they were shot through cheesecloth. In the director's commentary, Mann explains this dissapointing result. But it's by far the best version available. Especially since the 2 versions released by Anchor Bay in 2002(the same distributor responsible for this new edition)are so awful.<br />  How many fans of this film noticed that the theatrical version released in 2002, which claimed to be widescreen, was not? I thought something looked strange, so I compared it to the tape I'd made from TMC 15 yrs. prior, which was of course in standard full screen (1.33:1) format. I found that the left &amp; right borders of the image stopped at exactly the same point and that image which appeared at the top and bottom of the frame of the VHS was covered by the black bars on the DVD. I was amazed &amp; appalled; they'd taken a full screen original and plastered black bars over the top &amp; bottom and pawned it off as widescreen. The Director's Cut that was simultaneously released had the worst image quality I've ever seen on DVD. I returned my copy for a refund.<br />  This new edition actually is widescreen. The extras are only so-so. There's the usual theatrical trailer and production stills. Michael Mann's commentary is interesting at times, but doesn't provide much insight into the movie making experience. Unless forgotten original film negatives of the added scenes are found in some studio storeroom, it's unlikely that there will ever be a better version of this excellent film. In spite of the technical flaws, this disc is a must-have for any &quot;avid fan&quot;.
Viewed: 6/04, 11/07, 6/11<br />Rate: 10<br /><br />11/07: Raising from `4' to `9', Manhunter shows me more that I didn't fully realize at the first time I saw it. Perhaps it's what a three year difference can do for a film, especially when I've seen hundreds of films, only to improve my knowledge of films. I've long expressed my awe for Michael Mann because this man is a visionary director with a great inducement of style. He manages to bring feelings out of me while making emphasis on style over substance. Lo, he never forgets the substance. That's why his films have been very fascinating, but it's disappointing that he has gone awry in the later years. Regardless, Michael Mann is a brilliant artist. Now, for Manhunter, I think, besides the stylish directing, William Peterson is the chief force in the driving film noir behind the picture. The excellent use of Dennis Farina helps to accentuate the feel of film noir, and overall, Manhunter turns out to be a near masterpiece when I think of films along the lines of serial killer pictures. This time, much different from Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer, Michael Mann focuses the story of the film on the criminologist, somebody who actually profiles a serial killer. What makes Manhunter interesting is that it is not about the actual day-to-day work of Will Graham but how he allows the secondary forces to do the work while Michael Mann slowly pulls me along a ride through the "style" part instead of the "substance" part. If you think about it, the substantial portion of the film is touch this and that but never a full cumulation of an entity (except when we see the killer). Yet I feel looking at the killer, I don't actually experience his killings but only a portrait of him in a very superficial way. The performances, all around, of the cast are just excellent. I am a bit thrown off by how poorly a couple of scenes meshed together. When I say that, I am thinking of Will Graham and his wife. They seemed to be out of place. The dialogues between them were almost empty, if not pointless. That's why Manhunter merits an extra viewing from me someday to dissect that part. I like how effectively Bryan Cox is used as Dr. Hannibal Lecktor, considering how little of screen time he actually got in contrast with the archvillain in The Silence of the Lambs. Moreover, I am very surprised, given that I saw Red Dragon prior to the first viewing of Manhunter (I never knew Manhunter existed by then), how much the former is ripped off from the latter. Reading about the history of Manhunter, I learn that, after knowing the failure of Year of the Dragon in terms of box office, the producers of Manhunter wanted to avoid the dragon part in the title. Hence, we have the title Manhunter. If I wanted to compare Manhunter with The Silence of the Lambs, there is no doubt that the former is much superior to the latter. If you want to understand the word "genius," look no further than the "moment of the truth" scene where Will Graham actually figures out the killer. I mean, this is the kind of stuff that happens all the time. There is a serial killer that remained elusive for more than twenty years, and hundred of thousands of man-hours are spent in an undying search until a small amount of speckles of paint led to the capture of the killer. Manhunter is no different in this theory. It happens, and whether it be a theory in math, a cure for a disease, or a discovery of a filament for a light bulb; the scene in Manhunter shows an example. Michael Mann knows it all too well that he is able to make a bold statement through that particular scene. A lot of villains come and go; some have been memorable while a great many of them vanish into obscurity. But Tom Noonan as Francis Dollarhyde in Manhunter is one of the great ones. He is even bigger than Dr. Hannibal Lecktor; the way he performed, the feelings he brings into himself, and the vulnerability he shows. Tom Noonan deserves to be credited for his acting as an extremely chilling villain. All in all, Manhunter is probably a masterpiece, but additional viewings are needed to confirm it. It's just you and me now, sport...<br /><br />6/11: Raising my rating of Manhunter once again from `9' to `10', Michael Mann sure knows how to make films. He directs so few that they are rare gems, and Manhunter is one of them. Easily, the Miami Vice influence is all over the film, and Michael adds a layer of shocks to further embolden its place among all-time greats of murder mystery thriller genre. William Peterson is at his career best, and his look and style are unbelievably outstanding. He just looks perfect. The villain in Tom Noonan is a classic and remains one of the best ever. If you think Silence of the Lambs is the greatest thing since sliced bread, Manhunter is really the original and makes the other film look like a puppy. In fact, I don't even know why Manhunter is not celebrated in the same way as Silence of the Lambs is. It's one of the oddest things about cinema praise. Clearly, Manhunter is style over substance and substance over style; in short, it's Michael Mann. He is a brilliant director who is a creative genius. All in all, Manhunter is one of the greatest movies made.
I agree with JJ Justice's review, "Manhunter" is great and the "Red Dragon" remake was a travesty. It truly was a slap in the face to the great early work of William Petersen and director Michael Mann.<br /><br />I still ask, why oh why did William Petersen not become a humongous star in Hollywood? He had the movie star looks, the charisma, and he's a darn fine actor on top of it all. He's BELIEVEABLE. He put his heart and soul so much into the role in "Manhunter" that it literally drained him physically and emotionally. Brian Cox was also superb, and in my opinion he was better in many aspects than Anthony Hopkins ever was.<br /><br />If you want to look more into the work of William Petersen, I highly encourage you to check out "To Live and Die in L.A." If you don't believe in his star quality, you will after you see that movie. What a shame he never truly rose to the top.
This is a very entertaining, disturbing and stylish thriller which preceded SILENCE OF THE LAMBS by a number of years and first introduced Hannibal Lecter to the cinema.  I first heard of MANHUNTER in a video store.  Strolling down the aisle I could hear the movie on the monitor, but couldn't see it.  The soundtrack and dialog alone gave me the willies, and the clerk was talking about how the movie kept her up at night.  I took the movie home and was treated to an exciting, suspenseful, and highly involving tale of the hunt for a ver-r-ry unpleasant serial killer nicknamed the Tooth Fairy. <p>William Petersen, an engaging and seasoned actor, plays a retired investigator who left the force after getting to close to such a criminal and getting viciously carved up for his trouble. His former boss, played by Dennis Farino, comes to see him one day with a plea for his help in finding a new serial murderer who is butchering whole families in their bedrooms.  Petersen reluctantly takes the case, visits the crime scenes and interviews an institutionalized madman named Hannibal Lecter, both to get the sick mind set back and to ask Hannibal for help with clues (much as the Jodi Foster character does in the later film).  The Petersen character's own post-traumatic stress makes his commitment all the more admirable as he helps the cops make headway toward an understanding of the twisted motives and methods of the new killer.  <p>Enlisting the help of a tabloid journalist who meets his end in an exclusive visit with the deranged killer that I guarantee you'd never want to experience, Petersen finally connects with the killer only to realize that he may be too late to stop the next ugly stage of the rampage.  <p>In an edge-of-your-seat extended climactic sequence that will have you appreciating the long version of &quot;Inna-gadda-da-vida&quot; in a whole new way, Petersen and some unfortunate cops finally bear down on the Tooth Fairy even as the serial killer crouches over his next victim like a huge spider.  <p>Michael Mann has been a highly respected director since the 70s, directing James Caan in the star vehicle THIEF and inventing the high-style runaway hit MIAMI VICE on television.  This movie's dark and intimate style complements the story and works just fine, and all the cast is quite good.  Hannibal Lecter is a stand-out as played by Brian Cox, giving us two fine performances of the Lecter character to enjoy.  Cox's Lecter is just as cool and calculating, a mad genius who gets fan mail from the Tooth Fairy and plots to reveal the whereabouts of Petersen's family to him in return.  There is no need to take sides between SILENCE and MANHUNTER.  Thankfully, MANHUNTER is an excellent interpretation in its own right, and a worthy book end and enhancement to the fine job done on SILENCE.  In some ways, the Tooth Fairy is more gruesome and more fully rendered than Buffalo Bill, and Tom Noonan is absolutely creepy throughout, every bit as ghastly a villain as any I can remember, including the weirdo in the first DIRTY HARRY movie.  <p>Never mind the small minority which doesn't get this film, and see it for yourself.  It is a compelling treat of a ride, and we are lucky to have this good a film companion to SILENCE. There would have been no special edition DVD with a director's cut and extended commentary if this were not a film appreciated by many.
Manhunter is based on Thomas Harris' novel Red Dragon.  That is the book that first introduced Hannibal Lecter to the world.  Unlike Silence Of The Lambs, the real star of the movie is not Dr. Lecter, but Will Graham, a retired FBI agent brought back in by the department to hunt a serial killer dubbed the Tooth Fairy.  William Peterson plays Graham with the perfect amount of torment and intensity.  In order to find the killer, who preys on families, Graham must try to inhabit the killer's skin.  Mr. Peterson's performance is quiet and brooding (he does a great job of conveying many emotions through facial expressions) and is the finest of his career. Brian Cox brings the doctor to the screen and though Anthony Hopkins would win an Oscar five years later and create one of the most indelible screen figures from the same character, Mr. Cox does an effective job in the role.  He is a minor character in both the book and movie, but Mr. Cox makes the most of screen time by chillingly bringing a quiet madness to the character.  Michael Mann does a fine job of directing the film.  He was also doing Miami Vice at the time and Manhunter takes on the color and stylings of a Miami Vice episode. The closing scene, set to &quot;In A Gadda-Da-Vida&quot;, which finds the killer and Graham finally clashing is tense and thrilling.  Manhunter is a first-rate thriller.
Everything stems from this one movie."Silence of the lambs"."C.S.I". Know it! Give William Peterson the recognition he never received and in my opinion there is'nt anything anyone can do to make up for a great injustice. Remake of "Red Dragon" which i thought was the biggest slap in the face to William Peterson, repeating every line word for word, give me break. Manhunter should have been re-released in theatres and i dont care if it made less money than "Red Dragon". Check out "To live and die in L.A." "Heat" and (old favorite "Day the Earth Stood Still" a movie which is still way ahead of its time.) if you havnt seen them yet. I have to ad i think Anthony Hopkins stands as one of the best actors out there........But William Peterson did a great job. One of my favorite movies of all time. I guess i have to add "Silence of the Lambs"  and remaking Red Dragon may have made William Peterson.(More people learned about "Manhunter") But i loved "Manhunter" before Silence of the Lambs and Red Dragon ever were released.....
This review goes to all of you out there who seem to want to compair Silience of the lambs and Manhunter, well I don't want to burst your bubble but you can't. now probably saying &quot;but A.J. why can't I, I mean there from the same series and have some of the same characters.&quot; well dingis the reason you can't is that these are two complitly different types of movies, no where the same genre. Silience is a horror movie. while Manhunter is a cop thriller. it's that simple.<br />  Now that we have that out of the way we can get down to business. Manhunter follows the story of Will Graham, a retiered fbi agent, who is coxed out of ritirement by his old boss Jack Crawford. the reason Jack wants Will to come out of ritirement is to help him find the Tooth Fairy, a psycopath that has already murdered two families. Jack wants Will specifically because Will caught Hannibal lecter, a name I don't need to explain. To find the crimanal Will must get help from Hannibal. what follows is one of the greatest games of cat and mouse ever put on screen.<br />  There are a few things that need to be pointed out firstly this movie was made in the eighties so expect some diffirent clothing (love those short shorts!) and some great music, seccondily this movie was mad four years before Silience, so remember silience butured the characters (or saved them) from Manhunter not the other way around. secondily Hannibal lecter is not played by Anthony Hopkins but by Brian Cox, although I do like Hopkins portrail, Brian cox plays the character with more realism. and thirdly this is an absoulutly amazing film, although most of todays big summer blockbuster movie going public will probably get lost some where in the dialog and without a car crash every few minutes, this is a gem of a flick. with amazing performances by every one in the cast. they make the characters seem gritty and real. all in all go out and see this movie. and yes I have read the book red dragon, it is in fact my favorite book, and I still love the movie
Michael Mann (Miami Vice director and a perfection in the Hitchcock school of doing some of the camera work yourself) shows the visions from the same source material can be so different.  Manhunter is from the Thomas Harris Book 'Red Dragon' the prequel, if you will, to the Silence of the Lambs, also by Harris.  It is so interesting to view both films together and see the contrasts.  Manhunter has a male, William Petersen, as FBI's fey tracker, while Lamb's focus is female through Jody Foster.  Lambs is so dark, brooding and dank, you think of bad 1950's mad scientist movies, while Manhunter is blinding awash in light.  Compare the cells of the different version of Lector.  Hopkins is house in a madhouse basement, where shadows are deep and bogeymen lurk just out of sight...Brian Cox's lector is in a pure white cell, white pants and TV shirt, so clean and sterile it evokes the slightly nauseating sense of antiseptic hospitals.  Hopkins' keeper is the kindly blackman, Benny; Cox's 'step back or I'll mace you in the face' redneck. The polarisation of these films is nearly endless, and yet both are so on target in achieving their aim.<p>Which do I prefer?  Hard to say, but I think in repeated watching that Manhunter edges out Lambs.  Mann 'paints' his movie in imagery that is so evocative, so compelling, but in a less is more manner that cause many to put him down as all style but no substance.  I have never bought that.  Anyone can watch "Evan" episode of Miami Vice or "Out Where the Buses Don't Run" and see there are so many layers to a Mann production - but it is for YOU to find the many textures and nuances.  If you don't, it's your loss.<p>Manhunter just get better and better with age, and is a sheer treat on DVD.
Scary, dark, moody and deep.<br />This film SHOULD NOT BE REMADE.<br />It was fine the way it is.<br />Brian Cox's Lecter is just as creepy as Hopkins.<br />Wm. Petersen is incredibly sympathetic and beliveble.<br />This is a fine scary little film. Much more belivable than more recent productions.
Having seen only three Michael Mann works before, I was pleasantly surprised when my ignorance was shed and I learned about this movie.  It is very much like Heat, The Insider, and Miami Vice.  The movie doesn't bore you with gratuitous murder scenes or delve into the killer's methods.  Rather, it lets you know more about the killer himself.  Some of this is conveyed by the scenes with the killer, but I think you learn just as much about the mind of Dollarhyde from Peterson.<p>What happened to the note from the Tooth Fairy to Lecktor regarding Peterson's family?  I am probably forgetting something there...The cinematography and screenplay in this movie are excellent.  As usual, Mann throws in a brief yet explosive dialogue between two of the main characters.  The frustrated and pure exchange between Farina and Peterson late in the movie is compelling.  The scene when Peterson is used as bait for the killer is astounding.  Too tense.  Must be seen.  I could have used a more meaningful ending sequence, but in light of the film-making constraints discussed in the interviews on the dvd, it is good.  I am glad I purchased this film.
Sometimes a director tries so hard he kills the thing he loves. Manhunter is a good example. After all the good things I'd read about it I was disappointed by the film's lack of suspense and charisma. There is a very synthetic feel to the whole production. As if we were watching reptiles in a glass cage.<br /><br />The pacing is lethargic, the first ca. 20 minutes being especially tedious. Many more sequences that just don't add up. I found myself fast-forwarding several times, which usually indicates the editing needs tightening up. Well-paced films engage, but pace is not something Mann seems to have understood, at least not at this stage of his career.<br /><br />The script is not particularly memorable. A good script might have compensated for the languorous pacing and allowed the actors to interact in a more dramatic, less voyeuristic fashion.<br /><br />The wide angle aspect ratio seems wasted, with a lot of dead space. Everything looks scrubbed down and sterile. Like a made-for-TV movie in its bland, generic, compositionally unimaginative visuals.<br /><br />Noonan and Cox are the reason I watched it. Unfortunately there's too little of Cox, and Noonan, for all his creepiness, can't quite break through the immaculate veneer of the film. So this is not a film I would add to my collection.<br /><br />Technically, the DVD transfer is quite spectacular. Even after I zoomed in in an effort to make the thing come alive, detail remained impressive.
...Fans and critics alike consider MANHUNTER to be far superior to THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS" announces the DVD cover. A concept that seems to be more and more popular between "purists": claiming that Brian Cox is the ultimate Lecter/Lecktor and Michael Mann's visuals suit better the story rather than the more gothic/hollywood approaches of Demme and Scott.<br />Snobbish. Very, very snobbish. Cox, having the best lines, is fine but to see charisma - free William Petersen for two hours talking alone is painful; to hear the soundtrack pumping some "NOW That's What I Call Music!: the 80's edition" crap at the worst moments is painful; to not be able to avoid comparing the titular "Red Dragon" character in the book and the one in the movie (basically, a guy with a stocking "deliberately understated") is painful, painful. Michael Mann was still the brains behind "Miami Vice" at this moment and he seems to be really proud of it.<br />"Critics and fans"... I am warned, thanks. But show the way in to Edward Norton, Ralph Fiennes, Harvey Keitel and the rest of the remake gang.<br />Way past the expiry date.
I for one am very very tired of so called critics and film experts extolling the virtues of this "forgotten gem" or "classic" 16 years after it BOMBED. Sad to say, sixteen years later it still leaves a lot to be desired.<p>Manhunter is based VERY loosely on the Harris novel and that is mistake number one. Why tamper with a good thing? The arrogance of Michael Mann is why.<p>When the script deviates from the novel, its characters lose their essence. They go from Harris' creations to Mann's adaptions, losing all respect for their original incarnations.<p>Next is the lame Miami Vice feel and look to this thriller. The only thing scary about Miami Vice is people still think its cool to wear penny loafers without socks.<p>The acting is next. Overall, its solid. However, there is no comparison in the Lecter field. There is a reason Hopkins won the Oscar. Cox is good, but he is not Hannibal Lecter. Hopkins inhabited the character in a legendary way. So much so that Manhunter's producer wanted to "remake" the film with Hopkins in as Lecter (true, it also cashes in on the Hannibal phenomenon).<p>Anyone who calls Red Dragon a "remake" of Manhunter should read the book.<p>The DVD edition of Manhunter suffers from a horrible, and I mean horrible, conversion. It is dark and murky. At frst I thought it was a lame attempt to hide the Miami Vice feel, but no...its just a bad conversion.<p>The movie is enjoyable on its own merits, but Silence is golden, Hannibal is king, and Dragon reigns supreme. That is the true trilogy, as it was originally envisioned.
This film was made several years before SILENCE OF THE LAMB. The central character is not Hannibal Lector, but Will Graham (portrayed brilliantly by William Petersen); a FBI agent lured out of retirement to work on a special serial killer case.  The film is tainted by the decade in which it was made (late 1980s). However, the film also feels like an episode of "Miami Vice" on speed which adds to the cat and mouse plot of the movie. The acting is better than average and the movie contains a rocking soundtrack.<p>Nevertheless, Michael Mann seems more impressed with lighting and sound than he did with plot development and the film suffers as a result of it; often times instead of adding th the texture of the film, the lighting detracts.<p>Overall, a decent murder detective movie with some really good acting and not too much gore.
I won't get into the debate over whether this is a better film than it's 'sequels' or not.  But it's good enough to stand on its own merits, and in many ways, it is better than Silence of the Lambs (and definitely better than Hannibal) due to it's low-key charm and skill.<p>I've heard they're planning to re-make it with Anthony Hopkins, giving it the big-budget treatment; that would be a mistake, because there's really nothing wrong with this film.  It eschews the violence of the sequels in favour of creating mood (something Michael Mann excels in), and while the serial killer in this film isn't as compelling as he could be, it's still very effective.<p>Brian Cox does a great job portraying Lecter, and I for one would love to have seen him in subsequent film versions of Harris' books.  It may never happen, but this version is still here for all of us to enjoy.
In a way, I kind of feel for William L. Petersen. According to the IMDB, he's had about 30 roles. He's currently starring in and producing the very special CBS crime drama C.S.I He's done Shakespeare and other stage theater. Yet, someday he's gonna die, and his obituary is going to read &quot;Petersen starred in Manhunter, a prequel to Silence of the Lambs the film that earned Jodie Foster an Oscar.&quot; <p>I had to think about this one for a long time, and I have come to the conclusion that its not a bad film. I'm always the first person to say that you have to try to look at a movie in regards to itself, not its peers. But on the other hand, I'm human and I have likes and dislikes, and I can say without a doubt that I liked Silence of the Lambs better. <p>But it doesn't stop there, Petersen is also likely to spend the rest of his career being compared to his other &quot;little sister&quot; Julianne Moore. To put things in perspective, I'll say that I did like Manhunter better than Hannibal. <p>This appears to be Petersen's &quot;method acting&quot; phase. Perhaps he is trying to relate to his character, William Graham, the FBI profiler who caught Hannibal Lecter (here spelled Lecktor) by using method acting. Graham has the ability to get so into character, to feel the killer's emotions so well, that he knows how he thinks and can behave as the killer would. Sadly, Petersen just doesn't quite have that skill (or didn't in 1986, anyway). He frequently comes across as weak and overemotional, when I think we are supposed to read him as troubled and intense. There is a difference. <p>I've dwelled on Petersen enough, its time to examine the rest of the film. Manhunter was written and directed by Michael Mann (much like every other crime drama ever :-) ) of whom I consider myself a fan. Sadly, I don't believe the rest of the crew was quite up to the task of realizing Mann's vision. There are several poor edits in the film, sub-par special effects for 1986, and a few continuity errors in shots that easily could have been avoided. <p>Or maybe Mann just couldn't quite realize the vision himself. Manhunter was released at roughly the half way point between Starsky and Hutch and Heat both of which Mann also penned. I believe that Mann's career may have had a perfect linear progression between those points. Heat is a brilliant and original work with drama, character and stunning action scenes. Starsky and Hutch is a dated cookie-cutter car chase cop show. Manhunter has aspects of both. At times, Mann will give us brilliant cinematography of establishing shots of a forest juxtaposed with a characters frantic facial expressions, or hand us a well thought out character profile that draws us into the film. Other times, he will instead give us sixty seconds of drab dialogue while we stare at half of Joan Allen's butt, or totally break character of the main villain in order to add a romantic sub-plot to the film. <p>One thing I wanted from this movie was suspense. This is probably the biggest disappointment. I found the character profiles of the hero (Graham), the villain (Tooth Fairy) and Dr. Lecktor all very engaging. I enjoyed following Graham around and watching him discover the case through profiling. What I missed was the suspense aspect of the film. A good suspense thriller gives me enough information to try and figure things out for myself even as the characters do. I enjoy having my mind race to beat the hero to the solution and then seeing how close I came. In Manhunter this isn't possible. Mann doesn't allow us clues. We only discover them by through Graham who always immediately tells us what they mean. There is no wonder about what a plot element means because elements are only introduced at the precise moment that the story needs them. The film is still enjoyable, but the suspense is pulled from it, which immediately detracts from what good have given it a great deal more appeal. <p>Still, I do recommend the film. Particularly if you are fans of the genre, Mann, or the other two films. It gives an interesting alternate insight into a world that most us have come to know intimately through the other films. However, I will usher a warning. Try not to think about that during the movie. This film has no real relation to the other films save a single character in common and basis in the same series of novels. Look onto it as its own entity or risk ruining it for yourself.
Sorry.The movie just didn't do it or me. I read the book first and it was quite good. In fact, a few friends and I joined together last year for what we called, &quot;The Thomas Harris Reading Project, 2000&quot;...sort of in preparation for the release of &quot;Hannibal&quot; this year. In that pursuit, we researched and found VHS issues of the Manhunter movie and we all watched it after we read Red Dragon. We were all very disappointed. The Manhunter movie, did not even make a loose attempt to follow the movie and it was low budget, badly acted, and, as the man in the theater mentioned in one of the other reviews, looked more like a video. What an insult. <p>Definitely a B-movie. I'm sure it is being trotted out and hyped now since Hannibal is coming out soon, but pls, do not buy this movie expecting anything on the production level of Silence of the Lambs. I also read the book of that last year, as well as watched the Anthony Hopkins movie, and also found THAT book much better than the movie. Having read Hannibal, I don't expect that movie to measure up to the book, either. Let me recommend to true Hannibal Lector fans, the unabridged audiobook of Hannibal. It is beautifully acted, and was thoroughly entertaining.
For the Amazon reviewer to state that Manhunter is "arguably even better" than Silence of the Lambs is sheer idiocy and should immediately disqualify him from further reviews.  Manhunter is not even in the same league.  Apart from some good performances, the story is poorly told and not even particularly compelling.  Silence of the Lambs blows this movie away.
UPDATE: 10/26/05<br /><br />After just finishing the book Red Dragon. I have a few more nuggets to throw in this review.<br /><br />First, the book blows both cinematic adaptations away. The detail, the story about Dollarhyde, some of the character development. It gives me a much more satisfying experience than the films.<br /><br />The book accentuates my dislike for Manhunter a bit more. The total cop out at the end of the movie (In-A-GADDA-DA-VIDA.. pffft), the scene with Graham at the hospital outside of Lound's room after he gets toasted by Dollarhyde. Why that hospital scene is left in is beyond me. Lounds telling Graham on his deathbed that he set him up was pivital in that sequence. To kill that scene but show Graham at the hospital talking to Jack made no sense. It missed the whole substance of the setup.<br /><br />And... Dollarhyde... any backstory on him? Not really. Dollarhyde is just a backstoryless freak who is killing families. Its a disservice to the story to marginalize him that way. Manhunter doesn't even encorporate Dollahyde's Grandmother's house. A Harris' strength in the book was while Dollarhyde distburbed and infuriated you, towards the end you almost felt sorry for him. Do you get that essentual plotline with Manhunter. No.<br /><br />Last thing, alot of you snobs who bash on Brett Ratner. You're out of line. While Red Dragon (2002) is a bit detached and goes by the numbers. Its refreshing to have that. A director who just gives you the goods rather than trying to be overly flashy. Red Dragon has richer imagery (Lecter's cell vs. Cox's Lecter's cell). It isn't perfect either. It condenses and deletes details from the book too (Dollarhyde's history, Graham and Molly's interaction, Lounds deathbed accusation - wisely Red Dragon kept Graham out of the Hospital if they weren't going to do the Lounds deathbed scene). The difference here is that it makes a superior effort at the story from the book. Manhunter does not. Manhunter has moments that it starts to gather steam only to lose it and finally jump the shark in the end sequence. Tom Noonan dancing around to Iron Butterfly - cheesy. Noonan's Ripper Character in the Last Action Hero was creepier.<br /><br />If you like fast and loose campy adapations of movies with underwhelming 80's synth - go with Manhunter. If your a fan of the book - Red Dragon is leaps and bounds superior.<br /><br />Manhunter - **<br />Red Dragon (2002) *** 1/2<br /><br />- end update -<br /><br />This movie will always be compared to Red Dragon (2002). Before I go into that, I'll offer my thoughts on this movie in a non biased way.<br /><br />First, this movie is very dated by 1980s production. The music is the real link back to that era. Hannibal Lecter is a much reduced role than I expected. He's more of a plot device here. This movie is about Will Grahams struggle with his sanity and to catch the "tooth fairy."<br /><br />I liked the how Graham's struggle is center stage. I think thats the strengh of this film.  His conflicts with Crawford really add to the movie. William Peterson's brooding and frustration were believable.<br /><br />Negative aspects there are many - There isn't much backstory on Graham's capture of Lecture the few years previous. It would've served the story much better to have it. Tom Noonan's tooth fairy isn't nearly as menacing as I'd have liked. His romance with his coworker feels forced. Which leads me to another critique.<br /><br />Much of the acting is substandard. Other than Graham's struggle very few actors put in a memorable performance.<br /><br />Now, to the inevitable comparsions with Red Dragon (2002). The 2002 film is superior in many ways - acting, storyline, backstory and of course Anthony Hopkins. In the wake of Silence of the Lambs its obvious that the role of Lecter was raised due to popularity of the character. Which helps that film. Dollarhyde in the 2002 release is much more menacing than Tom Noonan. The only thing that Red Dragon sacrifices is some of Graham's anxiety.<br /><br />I think the 2002 release of the film is helped greatly by the opening scenes. Rearranging Red Dragon from the book and adding the Lecter/Graham confrontation off the top where Graham got stabbed was brilliant. It pulled you into the movie immediately. Manhunter never quite pulled me in. Don't get me wrong Manhunter tries to connect - its just not very effective at it.<br /><br />There is a loud chorus of people who sing the greatness of this movie. These people have a chip on thier shoulder about it, but they are off base. Manhunter does not flow or develop nearly as well as it could have been.<br /><br />As Brian Cox has said, the title Manhunter is a bit cheesy. It fits the film. Its a B film plain and simple.<br /><br />Bottom line if you are a fan of these Hannibal Lecter movies. Buy this used as I did or rent.<br /><br />Up to par with the later movies it is not.
So much of the integral parts of the book Red Dragon were completely ignored in this movie rip off, that it is a bitter disappointment.  You don't even see or hear the name Francis Dollarhyde until he kidnaps the  reporter!  There is not nearly enough investment into Dollarhydes psyche,  let alone his motives. The characters that Thomas Harris so vividly brought  to life in his book are shallow replicas in this movie.  If you loved the  book Red Dragon, do yourself a favor and skip this movie.
I bought this but in the Hannibal Lecter collection, I FINALLY made it through lol. WOW... it's so terrible, but I gave it 3 stars because it's worth watching just to laugh at the 80's megastyle blow of it all... the long overly drawn out  pauses on sunsets and the lead actors gaze into the lens, the cheesy soundtrack, the scripted horridly robotic dialogue especially between Will and Hannibal in the jail cell etc. I thought I didn't care for Norton in the newer version of Red Dragon, but he's like a genius actor compared to this horrid style over substancefest.<br /><br />Honestly, if I'd never seen or heard, knew... anything about this story/movie/Hannibal Lecter this movie wouldn't have made any sense at all and been utterly boring. It was an hour into the script/film that Will even mentions anything about his relationship with Lecter... come on lol, it's so horribly written. I haven't read the book? but despite that they need to make a script that is compelling and makes sense. Anthony Hopkins takes a huge dump on this entire film, he brought Hannibal to life completely... this guy Cox? whoever he is makes Hannibal seem totally forgettable in ever way.<br /><br />I'd only suggest buying this stand alone movie if you love 80's Don Johnson style fluff, otherwise the only justification would be to do as I did and be forced to buy it with the Hannibal Lecter Collection just to get Hannibal on Blu-ray since it's apparently not available on it's own.
There are a series of problems with Manhunter.  Firstly, the acting is, in places, disappointing.  Petersen is occasionally unconvincing and his wife and son are dreadful.  Secondly, the script is flawed, as it often lacks spontaneity and realism.  Third, the film raises a series of interesting ideas that are tragically undeveloped - for instance, Lector's character and the Petersen's psychology - it failed to attempt an answer to some of the film's major issues.  The killer's character didn't work - he seemed far too frail and pathetic to have murdered two sets of children in cold blood - the dualism of tenderness and cold violence doesn't really come off.  The idea that the killer wants to become like God is also underdeveloped.  There is also a fundamental structural flaw - the tension accumulated before we meet the murderer is impressive - sadly, his arrival not only destroys the tension, but also the psychological enigma surrounding his behaviour.  His character is, to be frank, a disappointment and there is a general sense of bathos after his introduction. That said, the film has some serious pluspoints: Dante Spinotti's photography is, as ever, masterful; Mann's direction is subtle and suggestive; Brian Cox is superb as Lecter - the entire scene in the mental hospital is the crowning glory of the film - profound, disturbing and intense.  This film shows promise and potential, but flounders due to the above.
After reading numerous reviews for "Red Dragon" ranting and raving about this film and how great it is, I felt like I really should see what all the fuss is about -- so I rented this film.<br /><br />"Manhunter" is very dated, and not in a good way. The score sounds to me like Vangelis having a bad hair day (and I'm a big fan of synthesizers). There is far too much exposition, which is always a sign that the screenwriter failed in properly translating the literary medium to the visual medium of film.<br /><br />Acting here is rather mediocre... not poor, but nothing remarkable. And perhaps worst of all -- this film lacks Anthony Hopkins. As ridiculous as that may sound, he *is* Hannibal Lecter. Nobody can do Lecter like he can. Any "Hannibal Lecter" movie without Hopkins is automatically missing something. This is just my opinion of course, and I recognize that some people may not care too much who plays Lecter.<br /><br />I found myself getting bored and a bit drowsy while watching this, and the feeling never left. I barely managed to sit through this film. In case you want to peg me as a kid unable to appreciate pre-90's films, I'm 40 years old and some of my all time favorite movies were made in the late 70's through mid 80's. This one just lacks the taut script, production values, acting, cinematography, musical score and visual storytelling ability of "Red Dragon." Contrary to what many have said while reviewing the aforementioned movie, this one *was* ripe for a remake. It would have been a shame to leave perhaps the best of Thom Harris's "Hannibal" books with this lousy adaptation.<br /><br />Many fans of this film state various silly reasons why they like it... the presence of the song "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" (huh?), the "kitschy" atmosphere (go watch "Soylent Green" or "Logan's Run" instead, they're far better kitsch-fests), the more subtle atmosphere (which, incidentally, utterly lacks suspense and differs enormously from Thom Harris's novel), etc.  Not a single explanation yet makes sense to me.  If you like "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" so much, I'd suggest picking up an Iron Butterfly CD rather than this movie.<br /><br />Not having read the book, I'm not sure how much "Red Dragon" stole from "Manhunter," and how much came from the book. All I can say is that "Red Dragon" does it better in every conceivable respect. Skip this turkey, and rent "Red Dragon" instead. Or if you like, rent this one first so you can see for yourself just how much better "Red Dragon" is.
the wait is finally over.the real manhunter has been made and it is so true to the book that it retained its name.while manhunter was a toothless yapfest,brett ratners red dragon is like a 15000 lb. 5 headed shark.those who dislike the new version say its because the director used a paint by numbers approach.if the painting was to eventually resemble the book version then so be it.i see nothing wrong with a director focusing in on what the author had intended.what was he supposed to do?a rehash of the sorry m. mann's vision?!? thankfully not!!! brian cox was a non entity here where as in the book/2003 version,hopkins,shall we say,has a hands on part.in mike manns version,its walk around,talktalktalk,appear confused,talktalktalk and roll credits.ratner made sure that would not be the case here.i did like petersons graham over nortons.but thats the only kudos manhunter gets.norton seems too naive for an agent whos already experienced the hell of his profession.way too sheepish.mike mann can and has directed movies with equal parts talk/action(heat-bordeline though,live and die in L.A.)come to mind.why he decided to yap it up here confused me.well,thank you mr ratner for hearing me conplain and fullfill mr.thomas' true vision of red dragon.
What can I possibly add that 300 + reviews haven't already stated.<p>I know after watching Red Dragon (the Brett Ratner version) I wanted to write Michael Mann a personal letter (definitely not my style!!!) thanking him for the beautiful movie he made in 1986 called Manhunter. <p>It has always been one of my favourite, must have movies, and after seeing Red Dragon, I now knew why. For those who Silence of the Lambs/Hannibal/Red Dragon were first introductions to these characters, I wish they had only been acquainted with 'Manhunter' first, but generational and promotional gaps can't be helped. Mann's film was low budget, but he presented one of the most influential crime films of its time. The style and atmosphere were an inspiration to many a movie and television drama after it, despite its lack of monetary backing. <p>I rewatched Manhunter after Red Dragon, and even noticed that Jodie Foster played her character in Silence of The Lambs much like Petersen did, even down to facial twitches when speaking to Hannibal. There's something about the Frankenstein Dungeon atmosphere of the 90's adaptions of Hannibal that has always for me 'telegraphed' the menace of the cannibal psychologist, but I always felt that Anthony Hopkins was brilliant as Hannibal just by the sheer menace that boiled underneath him. Great actor, and I personally feel he saves all 3 films from a slight mediocrity when held in comparison to Mann's Manhunter. Hannibal in an all- white prison cell (as in Manhunter) somehow allows the actor to ''create'' that menace in a blank space. The big difference in Hannibal's (Cox &amp; Hopkins) is the speed in which they deliver their insanity. Hopkins is very slow and menacing, manipulative and calculating in speech, Brian Cox quick and sure-footed, adapting quickly to each situation and response as it arrives. I feel both are suited for that character. But there was something about Cox's way of getting Will Graham's home phone number in Manhunter that I found more believeable and chilling at how easy it was gotten. Hopkins is a wonderful actor, and I can only imagine what Mann could have done if given the liberty to work with him, but Cox is certainly admirable and credible in the role as well. Understated is the word. Hopkins LOOKS crazy. I'm not so sure I would go to him for psychological advice. Cox is much more approachable, and thats where the danger is.<p>There is so much in Mann's Manhunter that stylistically, atmospherically and artistically dwarfs the later adaptions, even though it was low budget, that I cannot even begin to describe how well this movie worked on so many levels. The main one being, the characters are so much more defined. Details from the book are somewhat left out, but what is brought in its stead is 'mood'. Dennis Farina carries the protective air over Petersen's Graham to much greater effect. The feeling is that Farina's Crawford is just as in danger of falling over the psychological 'edge' as Petersen's Graham, but he serves as a foothold for the character should they start falling. You start caring about these characters and their dependency on eachother in mad circumstances, Lecktor/Graham/Crawford and The Red Dragon/Tooth Fairy Dolarhyde. The relationships are shown and explored through camerawork and very understated acting. Everything is very low key. Until the menace begins to grow. <p>Brilliant film. Too bad Mann was not asked to direct Red Dragon. THAT would have been justice!
The version with Will Graham and flashlight, identified as "Manhunter (1986)" is the preferred version of this film for picture quality, and the edit, and is the one to buy if you want this movie on DVD.  It has some nice bonus features, especially interviews with the cast.<br /><br />The "Director's Restored Edition" or "Divimax Restored Edition" I only recommend to fans already quite familiar with the standard edition described above.  It is very interesting to see the director's cut, but bear in mind that the elements that are newly inserted are not from the same film stock and are significantly degraded in picture and sound.  The overall sound mix of the director's cut is also not nearly as good as the standard version.  The Divimax version is great, however, for Michael Mann's commentary track, which is NOT on the standard Manhunter (1986) DVD.  The Divimax version does not contain the cast interviews.<br /><br />As to the film itself, look, here's the bottom line for those who dismiss Manhunter in their reviews as boring or lame or whatever, in comparison to the Anthony Hopkins films:  This is a MUCH more cerebral, slow paced, deliberate, and far less sensational film than Silence of the Lambs.  Silence of the Lambs is a great movie.  Manhunter is a completely different type of great movie.  Manhunter is a colder, more reserved film.  Where Silence is dread-inducing and terrifying, Manhunter is meditatively creepy.<br /><br />The character of Will Graham in Manhunter, just doesn't have the appeal and sympathetic qualities that Clarice Starling has, and therefore, the viewer will just not get as emotionally involved with the character in Manhunter.  Brian Cox's portrayal of Lecter is utterly understated and sardonic, compared to Hopkin's gothic, slithering performance, and may strike some viewers as lacking the impact of the Hopkins version.  But both Cox's and Petersen's performances are subtle and effective, to those viewers who can appreciate such understated interpretations.<br /><br />Finally, the Michael Mann version is noted for, as per the norm for Mr. Mann, the exceptional technical precision, craftsmanship, and artistry of the photography, camera compositions, and editing.  In other words, Manhunter is highly regarded by, and recommended for, "film buffs"--those who pay close attention to the technical and artistic aspects of the medium.  It may be less thrilling and entertaining to more casual movie goers.
This is Michael (LAST OF THE MOHICANS, HEAT, THE INSIDER) Mann's far superior, first film adaptation of Thomas Harris' RED DRAGON. It's superb. Creepy, tense, edgy, slick when you don't expect to be, and genuinely even-handed about the story's anti-hero Will Graham and the supposed monster Francis Dolarhyde (portrayed as just as twisted a human as the detectives who pursue him), MANHUNTER is a artfully crafted thriller that stands apart from the other "Hannibal the Cannibal" films. I also far prefer Brian Cox as Lektor, he gets under your skin without making an incision, while Anthony Hopkins splattered the screen with patent medicine ookiness.<br /><br />That said.... I was very disappointed when I rented this particular set. The second, "director's cut" version is clearly a pre-release work print, with lower grade titles and dubbing, and a final scene of Graham visiting near-victim family #3 that is just terrible.<br /><br />The first disc is the release version, and though it restores a few scenes which were snipped from the VHS cut, a quick line from the scene in which Graham figures out how Dolarhyde is picking his victims is "missing." ("As a child my heart bleeds for him ... as an adult ... slaughters whole families for selfish, trivial ends. ... Are you uncomfortable with this kind of understanding?") Whether it really needs to be in the scene is arguable. Mann may've removed it from the final version for good reasons. He sneers at his friend and former colleague, Crawford. Alienates him. It's a false climax in a scene when the REAL climax is the storeroom guard (on the phone) confirming Graham's breakthrough discovery about the mountain of forensic evidence.<br /><br />Other than that, the first disc is superbly transferred. If you've only seen this on tape, the clarity and color saturation of the original film will amaze you. Save your pennies, buy the "release version" single disc release, and let Canal/Anchor Bay learn that mis-labled "director's cuts" just won't sell.
Based upon the wonderful, well written novel &quot;Red Dragon&quot; by Thomas Harris, this is a superior and chilling thriller. Grim and gripping, it features William Peterson in the role of taciturn, retired FBI agent, Will Graham, who is called back to service in order to track down a bizarre serial killer. It appears that Graham has the uncanny ability to get into a killer's mind set and figure out what his next move might be. It is as if he and the killer become one. In his preparation for this, Graham even consults the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter (yes, THE Hannibal Lecter), deliciously played by Brian Cox.<p>The movie is compelling and, at all times, gripping. Joan Allen affectingly plays a blind woman who unknowingly involves herself with the creepy serial killer who is chillingly played by Tom Noonan. It is her involvement with him that helps bring the film to its stunning conclusion. Good performances by Dennis Farina, Stephen Lang, and Kim Greist round out this fine, ensemble cast. <p>This film is a taut, unnerving psychological thriller that is deftly directed by Michael Mann and accompanied by a terrific, musical score used to great effect. Who ever would have thought that Iron Butterfly's heavy metal &quot;In A Gadda Da Vita&quot; could be used to such chilling effect in the final, climactic scene? This is a film well worth watching.
Michael Mann uses sure genious in bringing Thomas Harris' Red Dragon to the screen.  While the subject matter of a serial killer is dark and ominous, he uses bright stylistic lighting to underscore the duality that exists in the mind of a dark psychopath.  His depiction of Lecktor as an everyday guy (in attitude and appearance) is what empowers any psycopath:  The ability to blend in.  Hopkins, by his own admission after Hannibal, believes that is how Lecktor should be depicted, and that is why his portayal in Silence of the Lambs (although powerful) is inconsistant with the author's (Harris) vision of the character.  This story is more suspenseful, the acting more powerful (From Hannibal, to the FBI agent played by William Petersen, the hunted serial killer, and the supporting cast), and the direction much better than Silence if the Lambs could ever have hoped.  True Harris and Lecktor fans will admire the brilliance of Manhunter!
I know Manhunter is somewhat dated and has a very 80s feel to it, but this was a very well-done, creepy film with decent acting and decent directing.  Unfortunately, the powers that be (which I suppose in this case is director Michael Mann) have made it so that out of the 4 or 5 different VHS and DVD releases of this film, not one has ever been of the actual theatrical film.  Even though these new DVD releases have some new footage put in, there are several short scenes from the original cut that have always been chopped out of these home releases, for some unknown reason.  This particular release includes some new clips that add nothing to the plot of the movie and actually make you like some of the lead characters less; they were better off left on the cutting room floor, as they were originally.  What makes these new scenes most distracting is that their quality is terrible, so you'll be watching a crisp, high-quality scene and all of a sudden a little grainy, awful-looking clip will appear, having been spliced back in, and then the picture quality suddenly goes to perfect again.  Very distracting.  I've never seen a director's cut of a film done this way, and I hope I never do again.  Most directors would cringe at the thought of saying, &quot;Yes, this is my perfect vision of how this film should have looked, even with these horrible-looking clips included.&quot;  To get the best experience of this movie, stick with the 2001 release.  This one is only interesting for one viewing, and only then just for hard-core fans of the film whose curiosity is piqued.
Like many people who have seen "Silence of the Lambs," I didn't know of "Manhunter," the first in the series, and by far one of the best one. This film was not only far ahead of its time but also a fantastic bit film making (Michael Mann once again hits the spot) in every sense of the word. The plot is the now basic serial killer on the loose/ cop must stop him and save his next victim. However, there are some very original and brilliant inventions in this film that separates it from the rest.<br /><br />William Petersen is the cop, Will Graham and brilliant he is at playing him. He plays his psychological torment smoothly but making it unnerving for us. Tom Nooman is quite brilliant and in that way I mean terrifying at `The Tooth Fairy', the killer of the story. (Be sure to note the "wings" of blood under his arms after he has been shot and killed. This is, apparently, as close as he will get to becoming the "Red Dragon" he believed he was metamorphasizing into.)<br /> He's multi-layered and he makes you both hate and feel sorry for him. Brian Cox is Lector in this tale. I won't bother with comparisons between him and Hopkins, because they both play Lector differently. Full credit must go to Cox though, he doesn't need masks or camp one-liners to try and make him scary. He is scary, his eyes, the deceiving way he talks. This is acting, not prop work but Anthony is still Lector to me.<br /><br />Sure, "Manhunter" has weaknesses. Graham's acting is sporadic. The scenes where he is getting riled up at the as-yet-unknown killer are a bit weak. ("You son of a b****! You wanted them to watch, didn't you?") Also, as much as I enjoy Mann, it's probably too stylized for its own good. This is properly Mann's first masterpiece. The opening scene pans down from a blue sky to Graham and Crawford sitting on a branch on the sand. Freeze frame that. It is a perfect composition. A Vettriano image. This respect for composition is echoed through the movie. There are so many opportunities here to see the visual, the lighting, the camera all coming together. Yes, it is a 1980's pic. It was made in the 1980's and is a tribute to the look and feel of the time. He directs the film with so much skill and style. If I could get anyone to film night's scenes, it would be Mann. His night scenes (The Insider, Last of the Mohicans, Heat) are fantastic to look at and this is no exception and we get a lot of it as the film is mostly filmed at night. The screenplay is a cracker (again by Mann) and the music is class as well. For those who haven't seen this film should and for those who had see this again please.
Plot: Will Graham (William Petersen) is pretty much set in his retirement from the FBI. But when approached with a new case -- that of a twisted and incredibly elusive serial killer nicknamed "The Tooth Fairy" (Tom Noonan) -- he decides to take up the assignment. He seeks help from the imprisoned Dr. Hannibal Lecktor (Brian Cox) in an attempt to get into the mindset of a serial killer -- a dangerous mental experiementation that nearly broke his mind in two in the past. Indeed, the case swells up over him. Soon, his job becomes his own personal burden. There is a race against time to make sense of this massive puzzle and save another victim, and through the mind games of Lecktor as well as the mysterious Tooth Fairy, it's going to be a no-holds-barred showdown for ultimate justice. It seems this extraordinary murderer may finally meet his match.<br /><br />Manhunter (based on the Thomas Harris book "Red Dragon") is in every way a classic. Many have been known to say it is superior to Silence Of The Lambs, and I completely agree (not to say SOTL was any less of a classic, but you get the idea). Obviously there are many great aspects to the film, including an amazing score, a tense and nighmarishly realistic atmosphere, and superb directing by Michael Mann. But the thing that really hits me when watching this is the characters, as well as the actors playing them. William Petersen is incredible as the under-pressure Will Graham. There is an obvious sense of inner struggle and you get the idea there is much more going on than that which meets the eye. Definitely alot of psychological effect filling in the already mind-boggling atmosphere. And much of that psychological effect is driven to the edge by Brian Cox and Tom Noonan. Although the character of Hannibal "the cannibal" Lecktor will always strike the image of a creepy Anthony Hopkins in our minds, I believe Brian Cox was just as good. He seemed so well in-tune to the storyline and to the character that I for sure felt the sense that he deserved this role. For the movie's sake, he hit the nail on the head. The mind games between Graham and Lecktor are undeniably unnerving, and really jerk the viewer into their world -- easily, a world of pure madness. But for full psychological terror, we must turn our attention to Tom Noonan's legendary performance as The Tooth Fairy. Every bit freaky and creepy, Noonan's quiet, calm, and collective take on this mesmerizing character was a spooky touch of perfection. A man of profound theatrical talent, he truly brings the killer to life and could fool anyone into believing this was real. With the combination of Graham's near-breaking psyche, Lecktor's dark cleverness, and the shattered mind of The Tooth Fairy tearing across the script like broken glass, Manhunter becomes one of the greatest thrillers you could ever see.<br /><br />In conclusion, Manhunter is a true masterpiece that deserves a spot in every DVD collection. And with excellent special features including an 18 minute featurette with Petersen, Cox, and Noonan (among others) as well as quite extensive bios for all of the big stars of the movie, you've got every reason to pick this DVD up.
I first saw "Manhunter" back in 1986 as the tail-end of a double-bill with a Rodney Dangerfield vehicle, "Back to School"(?).  Now I was not favorably inclined to see this film because I was not a big fan of Michael Mann's "Miami Vice", which was all the rage on TV at that time.  What I found was an engrossing FBI procedural that entertained me at the time but I backburnered it until "The Silence of the Lambs" came out.  I revisited the film on cable and with repeated viewings over the years have grown to appreciate this film more than "Silence of the Lambs".  Mann has masterfully directed the complexities of this story of a serial killer case that crosses state borders.  There is terrific ambience, particularly in the scenes shot at night.  The climax of the film where agent Will Graham(William L. Petersen) confronts the serial killer, Francis Dollarhyde(Tom Noonan) while the organ solo from Iron Butterfly's "In-A-Gada-Da-Vida" plays in the background is classic.  Enough cannot be said about the cast that Mann has assembled here.  William L.Peterson portrays Graham as a man who is clinging to his sanity while trying to feign cool detachment as he investigates this gruesome case.  Tom Noonan effectively assays the pathos of Dollarhyde but also shows us the monster in the man.  Stephen Lang does a good supporting turn as sleazy reporter Freddy Lounds.  Joan Allen demonstrates the toughness and vulnerability of the blind woman, Reba, whom Dollarhyde falls in love with.  Inevitably we have to compare the performances of Brian Cox and Anthony Hopkins as Hannibal Lecter.  All I have to say is these two superb actors deliver different interpretations of the character and both are equally fine.  Cox chose a more detached reading of Lecter and for this film that was the correct call.  Also good are Dennis Farina as Crawford, Graham's FBI superior, and Kim Griest as Molly, Graham's wife.  "Manhunter" at the time of release was a box office dud but fortunately for us it has grown in stature with the passage of time.
I've never read it but I think that this 1986 adaptation of the novel "Red Dragon" is a remarkably powerful, and dark crime thriller that has a unique edge that has a style that sets it apart from many other crime thrillers of its genre. Light years better than it's `replacement' "Red Dragon", "Manhunter" has a remarkable performance by the entire cast involved. Starring the immensely talented and skilled actor William L. Peterson, "Manhunter" is a great and outstanding thriller.<br /><br /> Will Graham (Peterson) is a retired forensic scientist who left his job after a confrontation with notorious mass murderer Hannibal Lector. Graham has had a troubled past but comes out of retirement to track down an unknown serial killer who randomly targets his victims and is known as the "Tooth Fairy". Graham may surprisingly find some answers from his arch nemesis Lector who's in prison but may hold some pieces of the puzzle in figuring out where "The Tooth Fairy" may strike next. Graham has the ability to be able to study the minds of murders, albeit at a great cost with enormous mental stress at doing so but he's willing to do whatever it takes to hunt and nail "The Tooth Fairy" before he strikes again. Meanwhile a blind woman unaware of it, falls in love with a man named Francis Dolarhyde.<br /><br /> The cast of this movie is great, much better than that of it's 2002 counterpart "Red Dragon". While Ralph Fiennes is a wonderful "villain" actor, he doesn't hold a candle to the towering Fred Noonan as the psychologically twisted antagonist Francis Dolarhyde. The mood of this movis has a strange greatness to it, something that I feel was missing from "Red Dragon". The background music was also great ranging from disturbing ambient background music to heavy metal like the epic Iron Butterfly track "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida". There is an uncertain sense of gloom, foreboding, and doom throughout the movie but in a way that it's not excessively depressing or grim but just right.<br /><br /> While the popularity of its brilliant sequel "Silence of The Lambs" has unfortunately overshadowed this, "Manhunter" is a great and awesome movie with a unique style that makes it stand out amongst it's peers. There are disturbingly graphic scenes but for those who love crime thrillers or murder mysterious, this is a movie that should be checked out. While not necessarily viewing it as bad or even mediocre, it actually is good to me anyway, when it comes to this and it's remake "Red Dragon", if I had a choice between the two, I'd easily take "Manhunter" any day. Highly recommended.
This first film version of Thomas Harris' novel "Red Dragon" is, in a number of ways, the better of the two. Manhunter features somewhat less known, but by no means lesser, actors in the lead roles. A young William Peterson is, in my opinion, rather better than Edward Norton as FBI profiler Will Graham. It's something of a toss up between Manhunter's Dennis Farina and Red Dragon's Harvey Keitel in the Jack Crawford role. (All in all, I really liked Scott Glenn's portrayal best, but that was in a different part of the story.) Tom Noonan takes on the part of insane serial killer Francis Dollarhyde. I find that I prefer him to Ralph Fiennes, who was, among other problems, really too good looking for the part. Noonan has played a number of killers of varying stages of insanity during his career, but Dollarhyde is probably the capper. And, lastly, Brian Cox has the character of Hannibal Lector--the novel's Lector, not the later film version--down perfectly. It's a smaller part than in the more recent film, but Lector's part was smaller in the original novel as well.<br /><br />Manhunter is, mostly, quite faithful to the novel. Given the limits of the film media, particularly regarding running time, a bit too much background material seems to be missing. I doubt that anyone could film this story exactly right in much under five hours. Noonan's makeup shows the effect of the character's surgically corrected cleft lip and palate, but it isn't really explained (though there are bits of dialogue that suggest it might have been before the film was edited). Some of Cox's lines as Lector are precisely the same as those spoken by Anthony Hopkins, which is to be expected as they are lifted straight from the novel.<br /><br />The major departure from the novel is the ending. Again, I'd suspect running time may have been the culprit (and I doubt that anyone who hasn't read the novel will even notice, since the film's ending is effective enough). Filming the real ending might have been even more effective, but it would also have added at least another quarter hour to a two hour film. Blame the theatre owners for that--they don't like long movies because the length reduces the number of daily screenings.
Don't miss this original, the first of the Hannibal Lechtor series. The score, the filmography, (Lighting), is still so vividly used in the best of today's suspence/thrill sequences.<br />Will Graham, (William Peterson), is the "Manhunter" hunting down "Frances Dolarhyde", and also the man responsible for imprisoning Dr Lechtor, at great phsycial, and emotional harm to himself.<br />Don't be fooled by Dino's latest grab at a buck, the rediculous "Red Dragon". (Which is odd, since Dino owns "Manhunter" as well..)<br />So, Red Dragon is only a remake of this great film.<br />It's ultimately embaressing to watch Lechtor and Chilton's charachter's re-acted, only "made up" to look 20 some years younger! (Red Dragon).<br />This is the Real McCoy, and Brian Cox, IMHO, should have stayed Hannibal Lechtor.<br />If you want another good performance by Anthony Hopkins, see "Meet Joe Black".<br />BTW, as far as I can tell, Barney's character, (Frankie Faison), is the only actor to play in all "Four movies of the Trilogy"..<br />If you want the original psychological thriller in this series, you found it..<br /><br />Let me say this clearly:<br />There would be no "Silence", "Hannibal", or, "Red Dragon" without Michael Mann's screenplay and movie, "ManHunter!<br />How would he know? That this would turn out to be more than a one time thriller?<br />So, why not change the ending, vamp on the "book"?<br />Who cares?<br />It's movie making at the level of Michael Mann!<br />If you enjoy any of the series, don't let the "Original" go unseen!<br />Get, "ManHunter"!<br /><br />"Dream much, Will ?"<br /><br />Pete
There hasn't been one Michael Mann movie that I haven't liked.  They all are always top notch, with good acting.  This movie is no different.  This limited edition set is hard to come by anymore, but might be worth it just for the extras.  The director's cut isn't much different from the original, I didn't even really notic a difference.  The original is remastered and boy does it look better!  If you want to see the difference in picture, just pop in the director's cut, which for some reason doesn't seem to have been touched at all.  This is one of the few movies by the way, in which I was actually happy and tense at the end when the good guy (William Peterson) confronts the bad guy.  This movie had me hooked the whole way though and I have to say I liked it more than the newer adaptation (cough......remake.......cough cough).  I actually like Brian Cox as hannibal lecter more than Anthony Hopkins, although it is a tough one for me to call.  The collector's booklet is really cool and a nice touch.  If you can pick this version up, I really recommend it, although any version should do.  This is one of the movies that really should be seen to see how movies can really make you get involved in the story!
First off, the movie itself is excellent. I give it 4 stars. I bought this movie back in 1987, remembering that I wanted to see it based on previews at the theaters, but I never got to see it until it came out on VHS. However, this DVD release get's 3 stars only because it's nothing really special and it's the Limited Edition's Director's Cut with the video much improved. But, it still has a glaring omission that I will cover later in this review.<p>I remember Showtime advertising a Director's Cut of the movie and I remember it being so much better than the theatrical version. The one scene that especially stands out in my mind is the final confrontation between Dolarhyde and Graham. First off, Graham has a 38 Bulldog special which only holds 5 rounds. Also, he is using Glazer safety slugs. In the theatrical version, Graham gets off six shots. WHOOPS! In the Director's cut, they get it right. He only fires 5 shots. Also, with Glazers, the bullet does NOT travel through the body. The whole point of Glazers is that they explode on impact, preventing them from passing through the intended target and possibly hitting someone behind them. In the theatrical version, you see blood spray after the 2nd or 3rd shot hitting the kitchen wall behind Dolarhyde. This would not happen with Glazers. Also, due to the impact and explosion of the bullet upon impact, anyone hit would have been down on the first shot.<p>In the director's cut, the blood spray never happens, although there is blood on the back wall. I guess Mann decided to cut out the scene that contained the spray rather than reshoot it since the director's cut came out on Showtime some couple of years after the movie was released in theatres.<p>With the theatrical and limited edition that Anchor Bay released, I got what I was looking for, but only to a degree.<p>First off, the DVD theatrical version is NOT the true theatrical version. There are extra scenes added that were NOT in the theatrical version. Also, a scene where Graham sympathizes with Dolarhyde before the final confrontation is left out for some unknown reason. The Director's Cut is still not the TRUE director's cut that I saw on Showtime because of the missing scene just mentioned. However, it was the only version available, but the picture was horrible. Colors bled and overall, it appeared to have been copied from a pirated copy on VHS. That's how bad it looked.<p>Much to my surprise, I was looking at a local store and saw the Restored Director's Cut. I was excited to finally have what was not given to us before. Or, so I thought. I guess the sentence that sold me was the one on the back of the DVD case: "The restoration of this Director's Cut was overseen by Michael Mann to bring you the definitive version of this chilling classic." I guess I thought since Mann oversaw this version, I figured it would have the complete movie in it.<p>To begin with, unlike the theatrical version that Anchor Bay released, this is only in Dolby 2.0. Not a big problem. The picture through MOST of this version is excellent. Apparently, they used the theatrical version for most of the movie. However, you can tell when it switches to the director's cut scenes because they are not as crisp and clear as the theatrical scenes, but it is still a big improvement over the first Anchor Bay Director's Cut. However, the scene with Graham sympathizing with Dolarhyde is STILL missing. The actual scene is as follows:<p>Agent Jack Crawford FBI: You feel sorry for him.<br />Will Graham: As a child, my heart bleeds for him. Someone took a little boy and turned him into a monster. But as an adult... as an adult, he's irredeemable. He butchers whole families to fulfill some sick fantasy. As an adult, I think someone should blow the ... out of his socks.<p>This scene is still absent for whatever reason and many of us fans feel it is too bad that it's missing. It's a powerful statement that actually hints as to what drives Dolarhyde to become such a brutal killer. It actually coincides with what is explained about Dolarhyde in the book.<p>What is nice is to have Michael Mann's commentary. At one point, he does briefly explain that DEG went bankrupt in the 1980s, making it impossible to find the original film prints for many of the scenes. So, this possibly explains the reason why the Director's Cut scenes are still grainy and also why the ommitted scene is still missing. It's too bad, but apparently, there are European versions of the theatrical release that contain the missing scene, so why they could get ahold of it, but Anchor Bay could not doesn't make much sense.<p>Other than that, this DVD doesn't have much to offer. There are still pictures of deleted and alternate scenes, a trailer, and those with a DVD ROM can read the script in PDF format. Since many scenes were filmed with Tom Noonan with the Red Dragon tatoo on him, it's too bad they couldn't have put those into a deleted scenes section. But, then again, maybe due to DEG going bankrupt, they couldn't find the original prints for those scenes.<p>If you have the Limited Edition and theatrical version, keep it since there is nothing else special about this DVD. Still, to have a better looking Director's Cut, this DVD is worth it. <p>Due to the lack of special features (except for Mann's commentary) AND the still missing scene, this DVD release gets a 3-star rating. Still, it's worth having to complete your Hannibal collection (and I still think it's better than the remake, although that's a good movie as well).
Michael Mann's major mistake in his making of this film was to change the name. How Red Dragon became Manhunter will be one of the great mysteries of all time. Mann did, though, write a creditable script and select a fine cast. What is, for me, the most significant aspect of the film is Brian Cox as Hannibal. Cox is a long-term, well-established member of the British theater community--a splendid actor (who often plays American in bash-em-up/shoot-em-up/blow-em-up US films). His scenes with FBI man Petersen (who has gone on to CSI fame, and deservedly so) are creepy and chilling. What Anthony Hopkins tries to accomplish with his over-the-top performances, Cox accomplishes in only a matter of minutes: the personification of brilliant malevolence. Hannibal is, after all, a shrink. And Cox uses the character's background to perfection in worming his way into Petersen's sensitivities to undermine the man.<p>There are some genuinely frightening scenes; there are also some stylistic touches that do a disservice to the overall effect. At moments the film looks like Miami Vice: too stylized, too primary-colored, too soundtracked. That said, though, of all the films of Thomas Harris books (discounting Black Sunday) this is the one that hits closest to the heart of what Harris actually wrote. See this, if for nothing else, for Brian Cox's goosebump-raising performance.<br />Recommended.
For big fans of Manhunter, I would advise you to steer clear ofthis DVD if you plan to own... What has been billed as the &quot;Theatrical&quot; version is in fact a poorly spliced rendition that awkwardly edits two scenes that had been in the theatrical release, including one of the most pivotal scenes, and yet has within it some of most banal footage restored from the cutting room floor. These cuts are both poorly done and have no sense to them, given how they do not represent the theatrical release and destroy the momentum of what had been a finely edited movie. I don't know if it was ignorance or arrogance, but this is the worst hack job I've ever seen trying to pass itself off as product. Whoever was in charge of this at Anchor Bay was an idiot and if I were Michael Mann, I'd be calling my lawyers. <p>The &quot;Director's Cut&quot; is even worse in that it includes the &quot;Un-theatrical&quot; release AND the so-called &quot;Director's Cut&quot; - a compilation of some interesting and not so interesting out-takes. As a companion to a true theatrical release, this would have been a fascinating addition; BUT here again, Anchor Bay finds a way to ruin what should be a good product. The entire movie that has not been put through video post-production, is smudged and blurry, as if transferred from a VHS tape - and a worn one at that. - Just incredible that anyone could have the audacity to offer this kind of cheapness for hard earned money.<p>I saw this movie when it first came out in the theatre and considered it one of the best of that year; and I rushed to buy the LaserDisc version when it came out. <p>When the Director's Cut DVD was released by Anchor Bay this year, I'd been on the waiting list - ready to welcome the widescreen THX enhanced version. Being intimately aware of the movie, imagine my disappointment. Don't waste your time. Wait for a better version to come out.<p>As for those folks to want to compare Silence of the Lambs to Manhunter, usually they favor one over the other and their minds are pretty much made up at this point. I'm squarely in the Manhunter camp. For myself, I enjoyed Silence, but I could never take it seriously since I found the portayal of Lector both cartoonishly superhuman and therefore unrealistic and unsuspensful. However, Manhunter's Lector  is a chilling but more realistic portrayal that awes me every time I see it in how one evil genius manages to manipulate events outside of his cell through the simple device of a telephone. This Lector is safely behind steralized bars - and yet still manages to be a forceful presence to tbe reckoned with.<p>I hope every fan and future fan of Manhunter gets to see it the way it first came out, a fine piece of craft that was lean and edgey, and yet which flowed stylishly. Siskel and Ebert rated it one of the best movies ever, years after it came out. But for now, I'll be holding onto my LaserDisc.
About the only thing wrong with this picture is the title.  Adapted from Thomas Harris' novel "Red Dragon", a decision was made to change the title.  Probably thinking most American film goers would think it's a Kung Fu movie or something.  Probably right.  This is also before the more acclaimed sequel "The Silence of the Lambs" by the same author.  It is another great film by Michael Mann oozing with both style and substance.  The style may bother some people.  It is shot with various unnatural hues including violet, blue and green.  While they are perhaps not realistic they always seem to fit the scene.  Mann and his photographer place cameras in interesting places.  Take for example the Hannibal Lector's (Brian Cox) stark white cell.  We see both Lector and Will Graham (William Petersen) centered between the same 2 bars, with quick cuts back and forth.  Another camera hovers above the room.  This movie isn't really about Dr. Lector however.  It is about a serial killer known as The Tooth Fairy (Thomas Noonan - really creepy).  As Petersen struggles with his own sanity he homes in on the killer using his ability to get inside the killer's head.  He stole this theme for his "Miami Vice" TV series about this same time.  Another great tactic Mann is known for is the use of music.  Here we get an original score by The Reds and Michel Rubini, not to mention the unbelievably cool climatic scene featuring Iron Butterfly's In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida.
One of the most indelible images in thriller history is the moment we first see Hannibal Lector in the brilliant and mesmerizing Silence of the Lambs. Yet for me, one of the scariest images in film history is the opening shot in Manhunter, where a woman awakens to a flashlight being shined on her by the Tooth Fairy killer. Later remade into the woeful Red Dragon, this movie proves that yes, Edward Norton maybe a better actor than William Petersen, but he certainly isn't a better Will Graham! Michael Mann is a unique artist whose stylish matter of fact approach creates not only the best in the Lector saga, but the best in the serial killer genre, which includes doozies like the aforementioned Silence as well as Physco and Se7en. Classics all, but Mann does something different. He creates an atmosphere that invades some part of your physce and stays in there forever.
In Manhunter, Michael Mann's direction of the novel Red Dragon shows a far different approach to the Lecter-type characterization in the later terrorizing cinemas such as Silence of the Lambs-another one of Thomas Harris' novels-turned-movies. Though similar to the Silence of the Lambs in its format, it shows entirely different perspectives such as in the investigation by the FBI and in the character of the "insane" Hannibal Lektor (spelled Lektor in this movie). The film's strongest points are in its direction and music score, which both add great depth to achieve the suspense and horror of Harris' original novel. <p>The story is about an ex-FBI agent Will Graham, played by William Petersen (from TV's "C.S.I."), being called back to duty to assist in finding the serial killer nicknamed "The Toothfairy", played by Tom Noonan. It is exposed that Graham has caught one of the other great serial killers, the former Psychiatrist Hannibal Lektor, played by Brian Cox, and can consult with Dr. Lektor for help. Given only nine days to complete his case, Graham has to quickly find this serial killer to save the lives of innocent people.<p>Michael Mann's meticulous design of sets, even though the lack of money and current technology are obvious, portrays a beautiful light in every scene. The camera's off-tempo and staccato shifts match the story's suspense masterfully, and the overbearing power of certain colors-matched for their poignant significance to the scene-assists in conveying to the viewer a sense of visual emotion. Also, as the Silence...used Q. Lazzarus' song "Goodbye Horses" to characterize the serial killer, Manhunter also uses music (Iron Butterfly's In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida) to set the tone for the killer. In the few occasions Lektor is contacted by Will Graham, a suspenseful, horrifying experience is expressed to the viewer, more accurate to Harris' novel than that done by Anthony Hopkins in the latter Hannibal movies. Unfortunately, unlike Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal, the genius Lektor-though the mastermind behind the movie-is scarcely on-screen; instead, influence is turned to the ex-FBI agent Will Graham and his ability to mold in to the psyche of the killers he tracks. The Toothfairy, played by Tom Noonan, was not allowed to mingle with the other actors on the set to create a sense of mystery and fear when they finally met on screen. Actor William Petersen himself described the aura of his scenes with the serial killer as "compelling and repelling, at the same time."<p>Director Michael Mann's low-budget film Manhunter, which was to be originally named "Red Dragon" but changed because it sounded too much like a karate movie, is the most accurate representation of any of Thomas Harris' novels yet. Though at first it takes a while to set the scene, in the end you will be thoroughly rewarded by the feeling of watching one of the most compelling-"and repelling,"-movies of its kind.
Manhunter is the movie in which I fell in love with the story of Hannibal Lecter, and the direction style of Michael Mann. This movie is so much better than the recent Red Dragon movie. The use of music, lighting, the direction, the actors performances, virtually everything is better here than in the very inferior Red Dragon. I still am surprised that William Peterson did not become more of a star after his performance here and in To Live and Die in LA.<br /><br />You owe it to yourself to witness the amazing performances in this film.<br /><br />You wouldn't think it from reading the cast list, but the lesser-known stars of Manhunter actually did a much better job than the high-end names in Red Dragon.<br /><br />William Peterson, way better than Edward Norton.<br /><br />Tom Noonan, way better than Ralph Fiennes.<br /><br />Joan Allen, way better than Emily Watson.<br /><br />Dennis Farina, way better than Harvey Keitel.<br /><br />And yes, Brian Cox did a more sinister job of Hannibal that Anthony Hopkins.<br /><br />Michael Mann, way better than whatever hack directed Red Dragon.<br /><br />
&quot;Manhunter&quot; is a good thriller that deserves to be placed by &quot;The Silence Of The Lambs&quot; as one of the best films of its kind. The film is superbly directed by Michael Mann, who also made &quot;Heat&quot; and &quot;The Insider&quot; and like in those movies, he shows here an exquisite eye for visual composition. The photography is rich and makes use of colors and shadows. Mann's screenplay, based on the novel by Thomas Harris, is complex and is full of believable characters. But what should be most admired about the movie is how Mann, combining superb performances with rich photography and edgy music, creates an intense atmosphere that stays during most of the movie. He has a true understanding here of what is really creepy. The acting is also very well done. William Petersen makes us feel the tension in his character, Tom Noonan presents one of the creepiest psychos ever devised for a motion picture. Brian Cox is also interesting as Hannibal Lecter, he doesn't surpass the Anthony Hopkins version, but he's still good at it. And remember that it is probable that Hopkins took edges from this role because &quot;Manhunter&quot; was made in 1985, way before &quot;The Silence Of The Lambs&quot; was released. The only thing lacking is more energy, Mann needed to add a more visceral edge to his movie and then it would have been a masterpiece. But, in the end, &quot;Manhunter&quot; is visually seductive, well written and effective. A fine piece of filmmaking.
I don't know if it is THE best thriller, but it's easily Top Ten--up there with &quot;Wait Until Dark&quot; and &quot;Marathon Man.&quot; And, sadly, it's one of the most underrated thrillers ever made. When I saw it in a theater in '86, some bozo a couple rows down stood up as the end credits rolled and said, &quot;Dat was no movie, dat was a video.&quot; &quot;Manhunter&quot; director Michael Mann WAS &quot;the guy who did 'Miami Vice'&quot;--the show that was born (supposedly) when an NBC exec scribbled 2 words: &quot;MTV-cops&quot;  Although Mann's visual style-- bold use of color and cutting--IS dazzling, it's much more than MTV &quot;mind candy.&quot; Petersen gives an Oscar-quality performance, conveying the revulsion at being able to get into the killer's head --and being afraid that he, the hunter, is becoming the person he's trying to catch. The cable, syndicated tv, theatrical and video versions were all different, and I'm first in line to buy the definitive cut in February 2001.  I forgot to mention that Brian Cox is an even creepier Lechter than Hopkins...he's a real, human monster.
mainly because the Tooth Fairy is a more compelling figure than Buffalo Bill was.  (Tooth Fairy?  Buffalo Bill?  These are pretty silly names, aren't they?)  This generally well-executed  (pardon the pun, pleaz)  movie is at its best when we start getting to know the killer, excellently portrayed by Tom Noonan.  Even though the press have dubbed him  &quot;Tooth Fairy&quot;  because of some nasty bite marks on the cadavers, our killer prefers to think of himself as  &quot;Red Dragon&quot; -- a suitably macho monicker which perhaps compensates for his painfully shy, socially inadequate, hare-lipped persona.  While he's butchering families, he finds time to actually fall in love with a blind co-worker, and in so doing generating enough sympathy that you may find yourself surprised.  This is a great character; this is good writing.  (Although the writers fail the Tooth Fairy somewhat with the slam-bang slo-mo cliche ending.)<p>Not so good is the overelaborate set-up with William L. Petersen's Will Graham and the FBI.  Amusingly, the movie couldn't care less whether you're able to follow all the details of the high-tech tools, diagrams, psychoanalytical profiles, et al., that are thrown at you during the first half-hour.  One would think that the FBI is sending Agent Graham to the Moon, rather than putting him on another case.  And the notion of our hero putting himself in the exact frame of mind as our killer passes belief.  Finally:  what's the deal with Petersen's weird little beard?<p>Well, not quite finally.  A word about the legendary, mythic, pop icon, blah blah HANNIBAL LECTER.  Okay, here's the news.  In  *Manhunter*, he's a minor personage, and shouldn't be worth so much discussion in all these reviews.  This movie stands quite nicely on its own merits without dragging in baggage from later films.  What has been presented between title-cards and end-credits should be the only items under discussion when reviewing this movie.  Given that criteria, *Manhunter*  is  (mostly)  a success.
This first adaptation of a Thomas Harris novel is by far the best, yes, superior even to "The Silence of the Lambs".  Most of the actors were unfamiliar to audiences at the time, which just enhances the entire experience, giving the film an immediacy and lack of predictability that one misses when Big Stars are onscreen.  There will be only one Hannibal Lecter, imho, and it is the exquisitely bland Brian Cox, not Anthony Hopkins (not a dis, Sir Tony, you're great and all, but hoooo wheeeee, Brian!).  I dare you to hear Iron Butterfly's "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" without shuddering.  A classic horror film with subtle nuances that will flash in your subliminal mind at the most inconvenient times.  Do not watch alone, at home, at night, as I did once.  The giant German Shepherd slumbering at my feet did nothing to reassure me....
Manhunter, What a great movie.Not only for the story and the hallmark acting.But also from a film making perspective as well.<br /><br />So many innovations.Concepts and styles that due to their genius,stay relevant today.<br /><br />  Noonan and Cox bring the film to almost a 3 dimensional reality with performances that go far beyond what would be expected from a couple of ( at the time ) unknown actors.In my opinion,these guys really run the show. No disrespect to the outstanding work of William Petersen,who captures the role with a spooky resolve.He plays the role so well,That you realize as an actor, he's really doing what he's performing as an investagator.Getting in the heads of the people he's pursuing/playing.<br /><br />  The music is almost as much of a cast member as any of the actors.Music that is brilliant in its use and construction.<br /><br />If ever a soundtrack deserves a CD.Its this one!<br /><br />  Anyway, I have the basic "Manhunter" dvd,and the restored directors cut.I really enjoy the commentary's.The difference between the two, to me, is really a matter of the two different commentary's.The basic unit has the cast,Petersen,Noonan,Cox and<br /><br />Allen.The restored directors cut is Michael Mann going solo.<br /><br />  Mann's commentary is a collection of thoughts and techniques.Inspiration of character development and a lot of "film school" stuff that is of interest...even to a layman...<br /><br />  The basic unit with the cast is a lot more interactive.No they<br /><br />dont exactly hoot it up, but it is slightly more entertaining<br /><br />as a behind the scenes deal goes.<br /><br />  Mann's comments are a plus in that he does enjoy the film and<br /><br />seems at times to be getting caught up in it.As a result,he<br /><br />has moments where he doesnt speak,but instead watches the movie with the viewer.Kinda cool.You get to see the point hes making rather than having him talk over it as the moment goes by.<br /><br />  So there ya go.Ya pays your money and ya takes your chances.<br /><br />But in either case,whichever you prefer,This is simply an excellent movie that even today, is a real thriller.
This is the first and by far the best of the films with Hannibal.  The relationship between Clarise Starling is nothing compared to the tension between Lector and Grahm (the one who caught him).  The direction is great, very 80's but in a good way.  It's very much a Michael Mann film and that's a good thing.  If you ask anyone who has seen this film or read Red Dragon, they will tell you it's far better than Silience of the Lambs and Hannibal.
Michael Mann, one of the greatest of all directors, takes a crack at Thomas Harris's brilliant novel &quot;Red Dragon&quot; with his stylish film version, &quot;Manhunter.&quot; The film is tense, smart and  well-detailed. There's also the artistic and rich cinematography by Dante  Spinotti, who also worked with Mann on his 1995 &quot;Heat&quot; and was  recently nominated for an Oscar for Mann's brilliant &quot;The  Insider.&quot; What the film lacks is more power and effect. Brian Cox  isn't as convincing as serial killer Hannibal Lecter as Anthony Hopkins in  &quot;The Silence Of The Lambs.&quot; It's better to watch this before  &quot;Lambs&quot; so you don't take as many easy shots at it. But Mann  still does a great job here, directing with his usual visual style and  exquisite composition. &quot;Manhunter&quot; is really gripping at times  and keeps us interested for almost it's entire length. The ending is a  little unsatisfying though well-directed. Another flaw is that  &quot;Manhunter&quot; sometimes feels too much like a made for TV movie.  But in the end it has effect and is convincing with style and a good  script. But if you really want to see Michael Mann's talent, watch  &quot;Heat&quot; and &quot;The Insider.&quot;
I did not think this was ever going to come out after three itterations that were chop shopped up by Anchor Bay.<br /><br />I am a huge fan of this movie and was still holding on to my VHS copies as the DVD releases that previously came out were......not good.  Why they cut certain scenes and poorly edited dialogue, while adding previously unseen "cut" scenes that added nothing to the orginal threatical release is beyond me.<br /><br />THIS is the movie that I have long since beleived to be one of THE finest made crime drama movies ever made.<br /><br />The ORIGINAL Hannibal "Lecktor".  The orginal Will Graham.  The Original Tooth Fairy and Dennis Farina and Joan Allen and Micheal Mann Directing, too boot.<br /><br />If you own the DVD already, BUY this anyways.  There will be NO dissappointment.<br /><br />I guarantee it.<br /><br />Hawk<br /><br />Addendum:  Here is my orginal review of the movie when it was first released on DVD.  The difference between THAT and THIS is amazing:<br /><br />"How difficult is this? You'd like to rate this movie five plus stars, because it is indeed a masterpiece (Don't listen to those whiney saps who want to compare it to Silence of the Lambs. Manhunter was a crime drama. SOTL was a horror movie. While I don't favor Hopkins cartoonish portrayal of Lechter, I'll admit it was entertaining. I prefer Cox's cerebral portrayal which resembled the book. But let's stop this bashing back and forth, it's tiresome.), on the other hand, Anchor Bay butchered it so much, it doesn't deserve the high ranking. What do you do? I'd almost like to opt for a seperate rating system here at Amazon. One for if you like the movie, and a seperate one for what fans of the movie thought of Anchor Bay's "remastering".<br />For those of you who'd be interested, here is Anchor Bay's "canned" response to a recent critique:<br /><br />"Dear Customer:<br /><br />It has come to our attention that our THX version of Manhunter is missing several seconds of footage which can be found by viewing other sources.<br /><br />Please be aware that the interpositive of the film was used to make our disc, not a print, of which there are many with varying differences. This was and is the best source in the world for the film. We were aware of several minutes of differences between this version and the director's cut, so we went to Michael Mann for the master containing the only existing and exact version of his preferred cut.<br /><br />Michael Mann's cut is the version he wanted on home video, and he, as well as Anchor Bay understood the trade-off of content at the expense of state-of-the-art quality. It was with that in mind that ABE followed the quality path to create the THX disc version.<br /><br />We have heard positive feedback from most in regard to both of our releases and are sorry if you, our customer, prefer one of the several other versions that are in distribution in other media or territories.<br /><br />We were (and are) opposed to cannibalizing Manhunter to create a hybrid version of the two, and apologize to anyone who feels we didn't put our best efforts into each version. I think you know we always appreciate your feedback (good or bad) and strive to do our best for each film. In this case, the versions released are the best we could do, and for the record, we're hoping you, our customer, enjoy our efforts."<br /><br />Yes it is a very lame response and I took my shot back at anchor Bay telling them that in fact what they did do was indeed "Cannabilize" this film (interesting choice of words.). they never responded back.<br /><br />What did I really expect though. Again in summation: Five stars for the movie. 0 stars for Anchor Bay's effort/laziness."
I love the quality and restoration done with disk one.  I simply wish they had included the true theatrical version instead of improperly splicing it with the directors cut.  However, the quality is superb and no Manhunter DVD has been able to match this one.<br /><br />My problem is with the directors cut and its bloody piss-poor video quality.  I did like this version more than the theatrical cut overall.  If they could fully restore the entire film in HD 1080p and give it a 7.1 surround trueHD audio track, it would be the PERFECT movie.
Wow. Before Sir Anthony Hopkins ever slimed and purred his way onto the silver screen in SILENCE OF THE LAMBS as Hannibal Lecter, the ever more repugnant and brilliant Brian Cox played him (originally Hannibal Lecktor) in MANHUNTER. No, you will not see the six-fingered hands or bright maroon eyes Hannibal the Cannibal possesses in the original novels, but I think Cox is ten times scarier than Hopkins was.<br /><br />This 1986 offering is a treat on many levels. To be brief: the nutty retired FBI profiler Will Graham (William Petersen), who happened to capture Hannibal Lecktor, is approached to help solve a serious serial killer case. Dennis Farina turns a fine early performance as Graham's old pal Det. Jack Crawford--and being a Chicago native as Farina is, I loved seeing this thing set in Chicago, though it travels around a bit.<br /><br />A weirdo serial killer (played by Tom Noonan and dubbed "The Tooth Fairy" for no reason we can ascertain) is causing trouble, and Graham is the only one who can put a stop to it. Det. Crawford goes to beg Graham to intercede one last time to help catch this sick bastard. Graham agrees. One of the first things he does is visit the evil Hannibal Lecktor in prison (I have no more idea why the name spelling is different than I have any idea why Cox does a North English accent, or why Graham visits him at all). It's a slip-up in the story, but...<br /><br />This was 1986. MANHUNTER (originally titled "The Red Dragon" and released on tv with that title) was totally awesome and a breath of fresh air into cop films. This is the first time we see a film concentrating on the serial killer in a way so common today; it just wasn't done like that back then. The creepy atmosphere, the Goth soundtrack and realistic pace reminds me of many north European detective flicks of today. This film has teeth, and they were well ahead of their time.<br /><br />The film was shot with some crisp, marvelous stock that almost makes it look new and hi-def. They just don't make pictures of this real-life, real-time quality today. Even the soundtrack is flawless, though it rings hollow when they speak loudly in a confined space. The colors are magnificent as is the cinematography. One thing I really love: MANHUNTER shows state-of-the-art police work from the mid-1980s. You don't see much of that.<br /><br />Final kudos if I may return to this: Brian Cox is brilliant and spooky as Lecktor. With his snotty Northern-town accent and brutish face, he looks every bit the English thug until we remember that he was a shrink and a brilliant one at that. There is no hint of any cannibalism here, though he is locked up for doing "terrible things to female college students". He shows his wits plenty, then vanishes into prison, never to be seen onscreen again.<br /><br />Today, we know the silence of the lambs is coming soon, so we don't sweat it as much. But imagine what it was like in 1986 to see the first glimpse of Hannibal the Cannibal....<br /><br />Get it here, it's awesome and this small-budget sleeper can teach directors a thing or two about murder mystery and suspense filmmaking.
I think this is a far more superior movie than the remake "The Red Dragon" Mr. Cox's portrayal of Hannibal Lector is more believable than that of Mr Hopkins'. Mr Cox portrays Lector as someone coldly intellectual, almost inhuman.  Remakes with their overdone murderers can get quite boring. I loved the Michael Mann music and William Peterson was perfect. This is a must see... Watch both in the same day and you will agree.
MANHUNTER (1986) is one of Michael Mann's best films, which is saying a lot. Unique, stylish, provocative, sly, shocking, and superbly acted, this is the best film which contains the character of Hannibal Lecktor (as it is spelled in this film). It boasts three Oscar caliber performances (William Petersen, Tom Noonan, Brian Cox). Petersen is brilliant as retired FBI profiler Will Graham, brought out of retirement by his former boss Jack Crawford (well played by Dennis Farina) to capture a serial killer that goes by the moniker "Tooth Fairy" targeting families. Graham has the uncanny ability of getting inside the mind of his prey.<br /><br />Tom Noonan plays the "Tooth Fairy" (real name Francis Dollarhyde) and this is one of the best portrayals of a sociopath ever put to film. Crawford visits imprisoned serial killer Lecktor (played with empty cold-bloodedness by Brian Cox) with hopes of gathering information that will help capture Dollarhyde.<br /><br />MANHUNTER is as much a police procedural as it is a suspense thriller. There are many nifty details on the research and work that goes into actually catching a killer and bringing him to justice. Mann created the popular 80s TV show "Miami Vice" and you can see a lot the stylish look of that show in MANHUNTER, but MANHUNTER is 1000 times deeper than the deepest story you can come up with from that show! The excellent supporting cast includes Kim Greist (as Graham's wife), Stephen Lang (as sleazy tabloid reporter Freddie Lounds), and Joan Allen (alluring and sensual as Reba, a blind associate of Dollarhyde's and the object of his desire).<br /><br />I recommend the 1-disc edition of the dvd, which has great quality considering the difficulty in obtaining a good one of this film for years. Probably the best you can do for now until some major re-mastering is done. This film deserves it!
Before he hit pay dirt with CSI: William Petersen starred in this film from the 80's, where he plays an FBI Agent who specializes in serial killers. Pretty well made film, using interesting color and camerawork, and directed by Michael Mann (Miami Vice TV show, Public Enemy). The music of 80's band Shriekback also appears on the film soundtrack.
When it comes to the "serial killer genre," I suppose Michael Mann's 1986 film "Manhunter" began it all. One could argue for Richard Fleischer's superb <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002IQLB2">The Boston Strangler</a> in 1968, but no matter. Mann's tight and stylish version of Thomas Harris's novel <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0425228223">Red Dragon</a> is a thoroughly fascinating work. To this day, I recall the terror felt during the early sequence when Will Graham (William Petersen) investigates the blood-soaked crime scene alone, practically whispering his version of the events into a tape recorder. It's a deeply chilling segment, and one of the first times I can recall such an investigative process shown on film.<br /><br />Mann, early in his career here, still had his trademark <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FS9MZ6">Miami Vice: Season One & Two</a> touches, stark colors, unique MTV-styled camera angles and the insertion of pop music at unexpected moments. The technique has dated the film, though his use of Iron Butterfly's <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000002IAO">In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida</a> is brilliant.<br /><br />I have grown to like Petersen as he's aged as an actor, but in "Manhunter," he was a bit too young and bland for my taste. I would have liked to seen a more established, brooding actor in the role. But the supporting cast, including Dennis Farina, Stephen Lang and Joan Allen, never disappoint. Tom Noonan gives a haunting performance as the hunted serial killer, but his work is so good it threatens to capsize the film. He does not enter the proceedings until midway in, and the film changes course en route to the shocking climax. His struggles are heartbreaking, and it puts an uncomfortably human face on a terrifying monster. But once the film changes focus, and a face is put to the killer, much of the suspense and fear of the investigation is lost.<br /><br />I have never liked how the police arrive at the exact moment Noonan's character is about to commit a murder, and his house, an isolated structure that looks as if it were designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, does not fit such a lonely and disturbed man. But this was 1986, and back then we were dancing to <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005BJ9W">Rio</a> by Duran Duran with Patrick Nagel prints hanging on the wall. So who am I to blame Mann for wanting to be hip?<br /><br />"Manhunter" is perhaps best known for having the first film version of the Hannibal Lecter character, played with extraordinary coolness by Brian Cox. It results in pretty much just an extended cameo, but the scene plays with uncommon menace. Cox's Lecter is not be fooled with and, unlike Anthony Hopkins' portrayal, he is unremittingly evil.<br /><br />After all these years, "Manhunter" holds up, with multiple scenes that remain memorable to this day. It's a fine work by a master director. While far inferior to Jonathan Demme's <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000LP6KNU">The Silence of the Lambs (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)</a>, it blows the remake, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005JLKN">Red Dragon (Widescreen Collector's Edition)</a> in 2002, out of the water. In terms of this often times repellent genre, this ranks as one of the greats.
This film kinda took me by surprise as being one of those films of which I remember most of the lines of the antagonists. Brian Cox as Hannibal Lecter I think was more menancing than Anthony Hopkins portrayal. The incorporation of rock music (easy rock to heavy metal)places this movie as a definite eighties classic. Not gory or flashy with special effects, this film plays more on psychological themes...well obviously. There's no glorification of the killer or too much philosophizes on why the killer "the tooth fairy" kills. It's a simple yet complex film, that's a lot better than it is generally credited as being.
I was a huge fan of Manhunter when it was released in the early 80's but never liked the home video releases. The transfers never did it justice. This new disc finally restores the film to its glory. First off, the new digital transfer supervised by Michael Mann is awesome, crisp and saturated with color, whisking me back to 1986. There are flaws, however. Certain added scenes are not as crisp, making a jarring transition in the middle of the action. One exchange between Graham and Lector is like this, as is Will's visit to the family at the end. Mann explains (in his quirky commentary) that DEG went bankrupt in the late 80s and that the original footage for some of the lost scenes was never recovered. So c'est la vie. One other note: beware that there are NO additional or alternate scenes on this disc, just an alternate scene &quot;gallery&quot; which has stills from some oddities like the Tooth Fairy in full Dragon tattoos. Still, if you like Manhunter, this is the disc to get.
This movie by &quot;Miami Vice&quot; creator Michael Mann is way ahead of its time, which can now work to its benefit. Its hero, FBI criminal profiler Will Graham, is brought out of retirement to track a serial killer of entire families, cruelly nicknamed the Tooth Fairy by the tabloid press; like the hero of TV's &quot;Millennium,&quot; a good ten years later, Graham has an uncanny ability to enter the mindset of his quarry. This gift, or curse, has already led to one nervous breakdown, and now threatens to ruin his marriage and happy home life, even as he returns to a life-threatening pursuit of one killer, aided by another, the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter. Mann's direction of the film is self-assured and relentless, driving ever onward without a pause, and while the violence is horrific, the triumph of good over evil is never seriously in question. William Peterson, who plays Graham here, portrays a similar, but substantially toned-down character on the TV show &quot;CSI&quot;---Dennis Farina plays his ex-ex-FBI boss. Brian Cox, a British character actor, plays Hannibal Lecter; he is perhaps less attractive than Anthony Hopkins, but this makes his Lecter even more chilling and repulsive---and the fact that he doesn't shamelessly ham up every line reading helps, too! The climax of the movie, as Graham takes the fight right to the killer in a secluded woodland home, is incredibly suspenseful, even though you suspect that Graham will prevail; the use of dim lighting, and a thunderous refrain of Iron Butterfly's &quot;In-a-Gadda-da-Vida&quot; makes it one of the more memorable endings in recent film history. &quot;Manhunter&quot; isn't as famous a film as &quot;The Silence of the Lambs&quot;--but is is a better film! Check it out.
This film has a brain behind it unlike (The Silence of the Lambs). Buy it you will not be disappointed.A Low budget film but solid all the way...Be witness to the birth of good and evil in man as the two main characters (the red dragon and Will Graham)build to a stunning conclusion! What Silence of the lambs should have been rather than the stumble-bum conclusion it had.
