This is a stunning period piece, awash with lush scenery and extravagantly beautiful costumes. It is also marvelously acted by all with virtuoso performances by Mark Rylance and Kristin Scott Thomas. The cinematography is breathtaking, and the movie could be characterized as a masterpiece. It is simply a cinematic gem.<br /><br />The storyline revolves about an impoverished naturalist (Mark Rylance) who returns from the far reaches of the Amazon to England. Having lost his life's work in a shipwreck that he survived, he is taken in by the patriarch of a wealthy, upper class family. In return, he helps his benefactor catalog his eclectic nature collection.<br /><br />The naturalist, a sensitive, intelligent, and kind individual, falls in love with one of his benefactor's daughters, the mysterious Eugenia, played to perfection by the beautiful and talented Patsy Kensit. He is, however, despised and mistreated by her boorish brother, ostensibly because of his low birth.<br /><br />After the marriage, he begins an intense study of an ant colony, with the assistance of a poor relation of his benefactor. This poor relation is an intelligent, articulate, and well-educated woman (Kristin Scott Thomas). It is plain to the viewer that she, and not her wealthy and beautiful cousin Eugenia, is the one whom the naturalist should have married.<br /><br />Meanwhile, there is clearly a deep, dark secret within the household. It becomes apparent early on what the secret must be. It is revealed several years into the marriage in a shockingly dramatic fashion, causing the forbearing naturalist to have the veil lifted from his eyes. This in turn acts as the catalyst for the poor relation to reveal her own secret passion.<br /><br />This is a magnificent film that should not be missed by those who love period pieces and award caliber performances.
I strongly recommend this odd but fascinating film. The story is full of strange twists; the images are beautiful, the acting is superb, and A. S. Byatt's underlying message is disturbing.<br /><br />We all know Victorian England was full of sexual repression and hidden obsessions but this film reveals just how pathological sexual secrets can become.<br /><br />The story is that of a young working class entymologist whose research is supported by Sir Harald Alabaster. William Anderson, the insect specialist, discovers a beautiful moth in the Amazon and brings it back to England for Sir Harald, naming it after his beautiful eldest daughter, Eugenia. Sir Harald's wife is a rotund mountain of fat, producing children while being served hand and foot by servants, as if she were a giant termite queen. William falls for Eugenia, against all odds marries her, and then becomes part of a strange sexual pattern with his wife where he is invited into her bedroom for a night of wild sex, followed by her separation from him during her pregnancy. He is not usually invited back again except in this cycle of one-night-stand,pregnancy, new birth, and then one-night-stand. William's children and the younger children of Sir Harald have a nanny, Maddy, played superbly by Kristin Scott Thomas. Eventually William comes to understand the secret behind his wife's sexuality and through the support of Maddy, is able to divorce himself from the Alabaster household.<br /><br />What is A.S. Byatt telling us? I think the film is telling us that as social creatures, we organize our work and society much like bee hives or ant mounds, full of hierarchy and division of labor and every opportunity for reflective thinking to be drowned out and for pathology to survive unchallenged.<br /><br />Wierd and beautiful is hte best way to summarize this film.
Wonderful onscreen version of the unexpectedly sensual A.S. Byatt novella Morpho Eugenia, about one William Adamson, a soft-spoken, scholarly Amazon explorer in mid-Victorian England, who returns penniless but learned to his mother country after years abroad pursuing on-site study in entomology.  The biologist Adamson, about whom the old saying "still waters run deep" could easily be true, becomes infatuated above his station in life with Eugenia (played by Patsy Kinset) the lovely, cornsilk-haired daughter of his financial sponsor, a country squire and Darwin supporter named Sir Harald Alabaster, and soon weds the young woman, whom, as Adamson learns, was engaged once before to a suitor who committed suicide shortly before the wedding was scheduled to take place. While Adamson is never made aware of why Eugenia's fianc&eacute; took his own life, he sees that the tragedy has both marked and scarred Eugenia, which draws him to her all the more, one social outsider to another.<br /><br />After a steamy wedding night, fully depicted here by director Phillip Haas, the intrepid, deceptively mild-mannered explorer is soon ensconced in the goings on in the household of his new family, headed by the open-minded Alabaster, and also featuring an obese but kindly matron, a sadistic eldest son, Edgar, in-laws, and a beguiling servant, Matty Crompton, played by Kristin Scott Thomas. All the while as Adamson lives among the wealthy Alabasters, a family aptly named, for each of them is snow-white in complexion, with hair so blond it tends toward whiteness, he writes of his travels in the Amazon, cataloging and describing the insect life he discovered there. By outward appearances, Adamson is in a better position than any he could ever have dreamed of possessing, yet he finds himself increasingly discontent.<br /><br />Years pass. Several children are born to Eugenia, all of them with the characteristic near-albino quality of the Alabasters, which acts to somehow distance Adamson from the young ones so that he finds himself pulled back toward the uncertain, dangerous life he knew in the Amazon. He collaborates on a story about the daily life of a local ant colony, has conflicts with his hideously callous brother-in-law, Edgar, a man who amuses himself with the sexual abuse of a young servant named Amy, and strikes up an unexpectedly meaningful friendship with Matty, whom he finds to be far deeper and bolder in spirit than he had ever guessed, merely trapped in her life, as most people tend to be. Eventually problems arise, stunning truths emerge, and Adamson makes a chilling discovery about the nature of relations within the Alabaster family. In the end the film, like the novella before it, becomes a commentary on the sub-surface life of outwardly prim Victorians, as well as a treatise of sorts on Darwinian notions of fitness and superiority in the insect world as well as the human one.<br /><br />Be aware that when it was originally released in the mid-1990's, this film was rated NC-17, and even in our jaded 2000's it still retains the power to raise (among other things) eyebrows. It's a fine motion picture that tells a deep story, and tells it well with visual lusciousness, but it as it deals with biology it is brimming with sex, nudity, and other entertaining situations, so be aware of that. Angels & Insects is not for the thick-minded or easily shocked, but all others should find it captivating.
A young naturalist, William Adamson (Mark Rylance), returns from ten years in the Amazon collecting rare specimens, only to see all but one butterfly lost in a shipwreck. You would think that things could not get worse for the young Scotsman, but when he presents that one butterfly to Sir Harald Alabaster (Jeremy Kemp), he becomes ensnared in an even more uncivilized world than that of the jungles of South America.<br /><br /> Adapted from A.S. Byatt's novella &quot;Morpho Eugenia,&quot; this 1995 film is a visually stunning period piece, set in Victorian England just as the ideas of Charles Darwin are providing a new way of looking at the social strata of British society. The fact that Adamson studies insects will be of great help in understanding the Alabaster family. Adamson comes to their country home at the invitation of Sir Harald and to organize his insect collection. At a ball Adamson dances with Eugenia Alabaster (Patsy Kensit), who is recovering from the tragedy of having her fianc&eacute; kill himself shortly before their wedding. She is beautiful but cold and when she responds to Adamson's kindness her over-protective brother, Edgar (Douglas Henshall) warns him off making stupid comments about keeping the bloodline pure. As a scientist Adamson dismisses such beliefs as nonsense, as does Sir Harald, but he should have paid more attention because Edgar is more than a loose cannon in this household.<br /><br /> William and Eugenia are married, but after enjoying a night of carnal rapture, the new husband finds that his wife's bedroom door is locked to him. A pattern is established as Eugenia produces children, brings William back to her bed, and then endures another languorous pregnancy. Meanwhile, Adamson assists the family tutor, Matty Crompton (Kristin Scott Thomas) in educating the family's youngest daughters in the ways of nature, and eventually their is a grand plan to study a colony of red ants. Adamson will write a scholarly treatise and Matty will provide the illustrations. It will give Adamson something to do between his yearly nights with his wife.<br /><br /> Director Philip Haas provides an apt metaphor for &quot;Angels and Insects&quot; when Adamson shows the young ladies, their tutor, and governess a piece of wood on the forest floor. He turns it over and reveals the teeming insect life that lives beneath it. There is enough about the ways and means of ants to make it clear that this metaphor is a full-blown conceit in the film (Eugenia is a fragile butterfly, while Matty is a worker ant). But it is also foreshadowing since there is something quite not right in the Alabaster family home. This is a place where the servants turn their faces to the wall when the members of the family pass on the stairs or in the hall. Yet we know that seeing is not always necessary to knowing deep dark secrets.<br /><br /> There is a point in &quot;Angels and Insects&quot; where you have a notion of what would constitute a happy ending, but how and why it comes to pass ends up being a surprise. This is a film where you cannot say too much because that would give away the game. The pace is rather slow, but before our interest can lag there our exquisite little moments in the film, such as when an elaborate program of charades down with tableaus and costumes is enacted for the family. The point this film has to make about the congestive rot of Victorian society has been made before, but this film has the advantage of its stylish conceit as in the end the angels prove to be an illusion and the insects the only reality.
A glossy period piece supposedly about Victorian era values and society that achieves its stunning beauty through sumptuous costumes, jungle dances that carry the primal oomph of beasts, and the strict house rules of an 'old money' British house. <p>The film starts very promisingly with its relaxed but vivid cinematography, but about 30 minutes into the film, very little has happened. The beat picks up a bit at the end when emotions get caught up in crosshairs of a triangular romance, but by then it's probably too late. <p>So there is precious little to expect from the script department, although anglophiles may find some linguistic cookies to savour.<p>Yet, the direction is so immaculate that the film could be coursework in film schools. The screenplay epitomizes passionate symbolism and draws the viewer with the precision of a bee hive, gradually but surely, as the film progresses. The women are doted on by servants like a queen bee. A bunch of moths overpower our female protagonist in a private moment, much like the flares of her passion. A scene in which two scholars are studying a colony of red ants that invade a colony of black is followed by a fox hunt -- the well-to-do in their red jackets, the servants in black.<p>If you're not expecting any fireworks from a riveting plot, but want to enjoy a fascinatingly put together work of very classy cinema, I highly recommend this visual feast. But it's not for everyone.
My husband and I watched Angels and Insects when it first hit the movie theaters and thought it was an excellent movie. We wanted to see it again and bought the DVD. We have not changed our view of the movie. Two thumbs up, it was worth watching again.
This is one film I truly regret seeing in it's original release on the big screen, because of it's visual beauty and extraordinary art design. This is no ordinary prissy "costume drama". The directors didn't bother to go for precise period detail; instead they infuse everything (especially the costumes)  with a hyper-colorful, almost psychedelic quality. Very strange. Music by the Balanescu  Quartet has a disturbing dissonance and urgency which fit the story well.  The film begins with a tribal drumbeat, and we see bright blurred images which resolve into what looks like a fertilty dance; a man is pulled half-reluctantly into the dance by a native girl. He kisses her... the word "ANGELS" scrolls across the screen. The image blurrs again and we see another swirl of bright colors as the drumbeats merge into a quartet of  violent strings, and the scene emerges as a Victorian ballroom with men in stark black-and-white dancing with women wearing ballgowns as colorful and varied as --- butterfly wings. The words across the screen read "INSECTS." Brilliant. The man seen at the native dance is a Naturalist named Adamson who was shipwrecked on his way home from the Amazon. He is taken in by a wealthy benefactor, Reverend Alabaster. Alabaster and his multiplicative wife live like liege lords in a gorgeous English countryside estate, and preside over a brood of pale, flaxen-haired children along with a large and  scarily obsequious staff of servants including an icy  governess, Mattie Crompton (Kristin Scott Thomas).  The oldest girl, Eugenia (Patsy Kensit), attracts the eye of our hero (Mark Rylance), but she is clearly haunted by something in her past. Meanwhile, her older brother Edmund (don't know the actor's name but he's great)  takes every chance he can to intimidate Adamson, to no avail, because the Alabasters are ultimately delighted to have him marry their daughter.  But something is very very wrong... and this soon becomes clear to Adamson, who loses his innocence in the Alabaster Eden. The story, based on a novella by A.S. Byatt, is a bit V.C. Andrews by way of Henry James, but it worked for me.  Sexy Shakespearean actor Mark Rylance and Kristin Scott Thomas are great, and you get to see the lovely former Mrs. Liam Gallagher's naughty bits. The pretentious pseudo-Victorian confabulations of A.S. Byatt couldn't have been brought to the screen to better effect.
If you are at all interested in the 19th Century, particularly the incredibly beautiful, incredible impractical, incredibly sexy clothing of upper class women, this is a must see. James Tissot could have painted many of the stills from this film. Besides that, what really struck me -- far more than the unusual sexual practices of the family -- was how housemaids hid their faces against walls when their betters passed. It was expected that these poor women would abase themselves. I was repulsed. (I understand some contemporary celebrities, including people who champion human rights causes, do similar things to their staff and servants.)It was a nice touch in that it reminded us of how, much more than now, it was hell to be poor, which, of course, the protagonist is. The acting was first-rate, and there was a distinct erotic undercurrent which was restrained enough (well, most of the time) to keep up the tension.
It is, without a doubt, one of the most intriguing films I've ever had the pleasure of watching. This is one of those rare productions where the elements that make it work, are all of superb quality. The actors are  incredibly talented and do give truly magnificent performances. The  photography and costumes are breathtaking. And of course the story is  absolutely clever.<p>The title is both the question and the answer. Who are  the angels and who are the insects? When you reach the end of the film  you'll know. It is a study of morality vs. perversity.<p>In her role as  governess, Kristin Scott-Thomas exudes intelligence making her beautiful  beyond words. Her uncommon intellect sets her apart from the rest of the  &quot;beauties&quot; around her. My fascination with her character has to  do with exactly that. The question of what `makes' a woman is exactly the  same as `what' makes a man. It has to do with a whole lot more than just  gender. Beauty alone does not make a woman, just like strength alone does  not make a man; neither do social status, money, power, pedigree, or even  education. The film tears down the myth that a woman must accept being  relegated to conversations about ribbons and bows and meaningless, tedious  gossip. And yet, if you look closely at the Victorian age, you'll find that  men in general treated women as nothing more than just pretty things to  adorn their manly selves with. I wonder if this theme is what was hinted at  in the scene by the lake with all the ladies in their beautifully colored  dresses. They're reminiscent of butterflies in a field.<p>I loved the film  because of its scientific content too. There is a scene during a meal where  the conversation turns to horses. Mr. Ryland's character begins to talk  about how science has determined that all modern horses come from the same  ancestral line, only to be interrupted by his employer's son. His claim is  that a workhorse has nothing in common with the finer pedigrees. Then his  father interrupts him to say &quot;THINK before you speak.&quot;<p>This is  definitely one of the finest productions on film today!
ANGELS &amp; INSECTS is probably one of the most fascinating movies of the 1990's. With beautiful set designs and marvelous costumes, A&amp;I wins! Patsy Kensit, Mark Rylance, and Kristen Scott Thomas (in one of her best  roles ever!) light up the screen with a dark story hidden in the walls of  one aristocratic house in the early years of the 1700's. When (Rylance)  weds (Kensit) he thought it was the perfect marriage. But when he learns of  the damp, dark, past that still haunts the present... he learns that there  was no such perfection. A shocking tale, a brilliant story, and cast and  crew that never let you down. ANGELS &amp; INSECTS, like EYES WIDE SHUT,  will have you on the edge of your bed...an erotic tale, that never lets you  fall.
I guess plenty of reviewers have outlined the story, and so far the few I have read have not given away the dramatic secret near the end (though several claim that it becomes obvious early on - well, I guess I'm just slow or something..)  Of course, after that one can see much more meaning in many of the scenes earlier in the movie.<br /><br />I endorse all those who have found it a masterful, dark, sexually charged retelling of the tale, and like them I love the constant interplay between the (not-so-angelic!) Angels and Insects of the title. Yes, there are many neat similarities between the bustling ant colonies that William studies and the claustrophobic life of the well-to do family in their hierarchically-run mansion. Roger Ebert did a very good job of describing this at [...]- though he made one egregious error, describing William as a Scotsman! Ah, Americans will never get these accents straight - William is a North-Country, or perhaps North or West Midlands,  Englishman.<br /><br />Some find it slow going at first - I can only say I did not, just enjoying the excellent re-creation of late 19th century English country house life is sufficient pleasure. So much is done so well: the servants standing like unnoticed statuary in the background while main characters talk or argue over the most personal things: also how the servants stop and turn to the wall so as to be politely  "invisible" when one of the household passes them on the stairs.<br /><br />The only quibble - perhaps dealt with more clearly in the novel, which I haven't read - is William's absolute certainty that after the shipwreck he would be totally lost for any way to make a living. It seems he was already known as a naturalist of repute - surely there would have been some post in academia, even if humble?  But then of course we would have had no story.<br /><br />I'm always amused by those who have to "warn" us that there is some nudity in the film.  Oh, that human body  is such a scary thing, and of course none of us have ever seen one before! Considering the way the plot turns out, none of the sexual elements are irrelevant.
In each of our video libraries we have a collection of movies that depict certain periods in time. They are what we might call "period" movies. We  scan them for accuracies, maybe use them to teach us something that we might not have known about the time or simply use them to take us away for 90 minutes to another time. Not always looking for a movie thiller, but rather the quality of the depiction.<br /><br />I think that we have a long time now graduated from GWTW and have moved on to movies like "Washinton Square", "The Europeans", "The Buccaneers", ect. This week I saw a movie that perhaps you might not have been aware of. The movie is called "Angels and Insects". The movie takes place in England from 1861 through 1863. The story of a man of little means that meets and falls in love with the daughter of an aristocratic family that employs him. The marriage fails for reasons that I will not disclose but I will say that the failure was not his fault. Nevertheless he finds happiness in the end.<br /><br />The story is a bit unconventional but I think that I liked it for that reason. The costumes and hair were spectacular, at least from my perspective. Not completely correct I'm sure, but very entertaining. The images in photogrpahs that I have seen of the aristocracy in that time match the "excessiveness" that I saw in this film. The costumes of the staff was impecible! There was a tremendous amount of attention to detail taken. If you like "hoops" and horses, furniture and fornication you are sure to enjoy this film. The cover was of the movie jacket obviously is made to attract more than period movie fans, but I think that the "others" would be disappointed, I doubt that you will though.<br /><br />If anyone views this upon my recomendation I would enjoy hearing your comments.<br /><br />Warm regards.<br /><br />Joseph Reed
This is a beautifully realized film depiction of the novella &quot;Morpho Eugenia&quot; by the celebrated English novelist A.S. Byatt. The performances are superb, the lush recreation of later Victorian life beautifully rendered, and the enigmatic and shocking elements of the story faithfully depicted. This is an overlooked minor masterpiece. Not for the faint of heart, however.
A penniless 19th century Darwinist comes under the auspices of an upper crust Victorian family, and his scientific studies of local insectia  becomes a thinly-veiled observation of human nature. Sounds like yet  another sleepy costume drama, doesn't it? Well, look again, my friend and  fasten your seatlbelt for Mr. Toad's Wild Ride on an English estate!  There's something very nasty in the woodshed, indeed. Even though most  astute viewers will guess the Tennessee Williamsesque &quot;family  secret&quot; a good 45 minutes before it is revealed (thanks to some rather  obvious clues early on), the exquisite cinematography, flawless acting and  a fair amount of soft-core sex scenes (&quot;Mary Poppins&quot; this  ain't!)will hold your interest. If you enjoyed &quot;Cold Comfort  Farm&quot;, you'll go for this one in a big way.
You will not go hungry from watching this film. As you can read from the other customer reviews, there is something clever happening in every frame. It comes together in such a tidy, cohesive masterful package. Here is one  small example: throughout the film, the humans are used as a metaphor for  insects. That shows up in a multitude of ways. The costumes worn by Patty  Kensit (fabulous!), the feeding and caring of the matriarch (the queen),  the ugly dronish behavior of the son, the &quot;house&quot; making  decisions (as in how worker bees in a hive make big decisions such as  hatching a new queen, killing off a queen, swarming and the like), the  lectures from the patriarch on how morality used to be a black and white  issue (insect-like) and now is very gray due to scientific research,. etc.  etc. <p>The cast was first rate. They deliver their lines in that way that  classicly trained actors do.<p>Something that was not mentioned in the  other reviews was the feel of this movie. There was a creepy undercurrent.  This was manifested in the background music, the sets and scenes dwarfing  the actors, and the sometimes stony (yet effective) way the actors moved  about. I was reminded of Peter Greenaway's typical movie enviroment.
This is a love story set in Victorian England between a poor scholar of insects who has married into a wealthy aristocratic family and their poor relation who lives with them played by Kristin Scott-Thomas.  Scott-Thomas is the plainest you've ever seen her but little does that matter.  She is superb, as usual. Her character matches the hero intellectually and her longing to be his colleague and partner is palpable.  The aristocratic family hides a deep buried secret that plays havoc around this love story but that will lead to a satisfying resolution for the lead characters.  This is a very lush, very Victorian era evoking film that plays like a Gothic mystery romance.  If you like that kind of thing, and I do, you will really like this film.
Mark Rylance, a naturalist in the Darwinian/Victorian sense returns to England after losing his life's work in a shipwreck. While visiting the estate of an educated wealthy sympathizer, he falls in love with the patriarchs daughter, Eugenia (Patsy Kensit). Eugenia agrees to marry him and continue to live on the family estate. Because the naturalist has no visible means of support or noble lineage, he is despised and mistreated by Eugenia's brother. Apparent to everyone is the fact that the naturalist should have married a poor though educated and intelligent cousin of Eugenia played by Kristin Scott Thomas.<br /><br />The most interesting thing about this movie is the way the naturalists abstract ideas seep into his real life. Darwin talked about the evolution of species and how the strong survive. But does the evolution of a master race mean you should procreate with your sister? Darwin postulated that the best looking of a species will procreate because they can aptly a mate. But the reality is that the best looking person may not be the one to love. People are complex creatures and what we need in love goes far beyond what our biology dictates.<br /><br />A very good movie with excellent performances. [...]
An intelligent and unusual drama, based on A.S. Byatt's short story Eugenia Morpho. In mid 19th century England, a penniless naturalist who has lost his prized specimens from the Amazon in a shipwreck (I think the movie meant him to be a young Charles Darwin, though an incident where his field work possessions were lost in a shipwreck happened to his colleague Alfred Russell Wallace) gets a job cataloging specimens held by the Alabaster family in their country estate. He will eventually marry their daughter Eugenia (Patsy Kensit), despite the fierce opposition of her brother Edgar. Not long after having children with her, he will discover a terrible secret haunting the family. A cousin of the Alabasters, the bookish Matty (Kristin Scott Thomas) will turn out to be his only friend and ally. At times the movie looks like a strange cross between a film by James Ivory and a film by Peter Greenaway, with the Alabaster women carrying bright colored clothes that suggests different sort of insects. Even if you don't take very seriously the entomology references throughout that compare insects with humans, they are nonetheless fun. And the denouement is terrific.
I have to agree with what several other reviewers have said.  This wonderful movie is almost ruined by the shamefully bad digital transfer to DVD.  Obviously, image quality is important to any movie, but this one features stunning period costumes and settings with dazzling color palettes and fine details.  These are all but negated by the shoddy picture quality.  I'm not sure if this is the worst transfer of a studio film I've ever seen, but it's definitely in the running for that ignominious distinction.  For all that, this movie makes it worth gritting your teeth and watching anyway.  It's a unique and disturbing portrait of Victorian disfunction with terrific performances by cast and crew.
"Angels and Insects" was an artistic breakthrough for director Philip Haas. Based on AS Byatt's novella "Morpho Eugenia","Angels" is a lush,sensual movie. Set in repressed Victorian England, it's a period piece that's at once campy and tasteful,elegant and melodramatic. It gained notoriety for its fleeting male nudity-but stands on its own.<br /><br />"Angels" opens in the Amazon rainforest. The naturalist William Adamson (Mark Rylance) is dancing with the naked,painted natives. Like "Forbidden Dance",the natives are dancing sensually in their forest idyll. The action moves to a refined waltz. There, William meets the hysterical Eugenia Alabaster (Patsy Kensit) Her father,Sir Harold,is a vicar struggling with the concept of evolution while his wife is constantly eating or pregnant. William romances Eugenia. There's also Maddie Crompton (Kristin Scott Thomas,made to look plain&drab),with whom he studies local insects. Maddie is independently minded;she's also into socialism.<br /><br />William marries Eugenia. They have a passionate wedding night. One moment,she's repressed,the next moment,she can't wait to get her husband into bed. During her pregnancies,she secludes herself,leaving William suspicious. In the meantime, William and Maddie are studying an anthill in the forest. Their attraction is intellectual. William also has to deal with his obnoxious brother in-law Edgar,who's obsessed with "pure bloods." Edgar is a nasty character. He believes in hereditary aristocracy,using it as an excuse to take advantage of servant girls,and impregnating his sister to "keep the blood line pure." When Edgar is caught in bed with Eugenia,his nakedness isn't erotic. It isn't even sexy. It reveals his ugliness. A traumatized Eugenia reveals everything to the shocked William.<br /><br />In the end,William leaves with Maddie for a better life. "Angels" tackles big issues,such as creation and evolution (it's set during Charles Darwin's time),family,science,and the role of women. When it was first released,it was controversial. Now,it's a work of art. Let "Angels and Insects" entrap you in its web!
The DVD is as carefully put together as the novella, and the people in it look just as you hope and expect they will. A young man who has been studying the fauna of Africa--especially moths and butterflies---finds himself unexpectedly  the pennyless, but by no means useless, guest of a rich English family, and procedes to fall in love with the eligible daughter--who shares both a name and beauty with one of his surviving moths: Eugenia. Scott=Thomas, the best known of the actors in the movie, has what appears at first to be a minor role, but it doesn't stay that way. She is excellent in this non-glamorous role.  It is impossible to discuss some of the more important aspects of the story without giving too much away...perhaps it is enough to say: things are not what they seem (I think that's the name of one of Matty's ---Scott-Thomas's--stories). The young hero has a beautiul voice, gentle and caressing, and the villain is an excellent actor, with a perfect appearance for his role. The movie should be rated R; I imagine it is...
Usually I forget movies pretty fast, so the fact that I'm being consistently haunted by this one must mean something. This review is an effort to exorcise it as much as anything else. I saw &quot;Angels and Insects&quot; completely by accident, turning on the TV at 2am to do my nightly exercises and suddenly finding myself hooked.  <p>Thinking back, nothing really happens in this film except at the very end: the entire beginning and middle are essentially build-up. Yet far from being boring, this gradual construction of themes is beautifully done with virtuoso acting and dialogue. It is the three main actors in particular who craft this film: In the beginning William and Eugenia hold center stage, and then after awhile the spotlight dims on Eugenia and brightens slowly on Matty. None of the characters conform to the usual Hollywood stereotypes, which is a reason in itself to watch this movie. Even Eugenia, who is ostensibly beautiful, is somewhat flawed in appearance, and the filmmakers had the courage to make Matty downright plain. William is neither macho nor the ideal 90's Sensitive Guy: he's a real person in search of himself, and his marriage to Eugenia is a sign of basic flaws in his character which are rectified as the film progresses.<p>When I switched on the television in time to witness William's initial adulation of Eugenia--saying that &quot;She is so beautiful and--perfect&quot; and later telling her &quot;Command me&quot;--I was certain that this was yet another shallow romance wherein love would blossom by virtue of a man's devotion to a woman's physical beauty. I was pleasantly surprised by this hop-out-of-kin film which analyzes the degree to which character, and not external appearance, actually makes a difference.
I loved this flick.  I rented it on a whim cuz i remember hearing way back when that it was pretty good, plus it had a coupla really good looking actresses in it.  i wasn't prepared to be sucked in as thoroughly as I was.<br /><br />The plot is very simple.  others have described it well.  What really hooked me about the film were 1.The photography.  Almost every scene in the movie looks good enough to serve as a poster ad for the flick.  2.The set design.  The sets combined with the costumes make for just gorgeous eye candy.  3. the dialogue.  Very clever and often moving diologue.  I especially love a scene set in a greenhouse where Adamson expresses his love for Eugenia.<br /><br />The filmmakers knew what they were doing and they did it well.  They took their time and made a movie that serves as a fairly moving drama (I replayed the ending so many times it's embarrassing) and a surprisingly insightful and interesting examination of the insect world.<br /><br />Some have said the flick is boring, and I can see why some would feel that way, tho it absolutely was not for me.  It is a slow movie, but some movies are supposed to be and i think this is one.  It's a gorgeous flick.  Highly recommended.
Angels and Insects is one of the most dramatic and insightful movies of  our time period. The plot gives viewers insight into the world of Victorian  England.  <p>The main characters Mark Rylance and Kristen Scott-Thomas,  are the ones who make the film exceptional. Their unnerving attraction to  one anothers beauty and intellect carry the film.Yet the film also draws  light onto the idea of how distinct and pure a family should be. And  throughout the entire film, the vivid colors and sounds of nature are  displayed to the viewer. <p> Angels and Insects is a movie  for those who  are interested in drama and mystery.
Mature drama set in Victorian England . An impoverished naturalist called Ryanlance is taken by Kemp's family . This fascinating story runs when Ryanlance falls in love with the Patsy Kensit and eventually marries her . Morpho Eugenia is the key ; while the investigator is studying the social order of the insects , the people who surrounds him become gradually eccentric.<br />The film is built following a clear metaphor . The presence of inner demons and hidden emotions will involve the high tension drama . Kristin Scott Thomas plays an interesting and challenging role ; she represents the alter ego of Raylance ; besides she shows us once more why she is one of the top actress in the world.<br />Superbly acting ; top notch art direction ; fascinating enlightment and a perfect script.<br />And remember the key word: insect.<br />Do you need any other advise to acquire this cinema jewel?
&quot;Angels and Insects&quot; presents the stifling malaise in which the rich spent their days in Victorian England with a crisp lens, yet also provides viewers with two extremely sympathetic and truly interesting characters - Mark Rylance's William and Kristin Scott Thomas's Matty.  William is a good, decent man who lets passion overcome the reason he has honed for his entire scientific life and lead him into an ill-advised, somewhat primeval marriage to the radiant, yet hollow Eugenia).  His only escape is his work, and in this work he is joined by the perfect woman for him (the film does a great job of employing the complex scientific discoveries in a number of scenes).  Rylance is very good - his William maintains a quiet dignity in the most compromising scenes and his actions always ring true.  Scott-Thomas is fantastic - her Matty is one of the strongest, most complex female characters I've seen in recent films.  She is William's quasi-protector and a scholar of the highest quality, yet her self-doubt and love for William are always apparent, and even in her penultimate scene with William, as she almost begs for him to accept her as his research companion, she never seems weak or desperate.  The shock near the end of the film is handled deftly and with gentleness, although the metaphorical sequences leading up to it grow a little tiresome.  This is a fascinating, curious film with two remarkable characters at its center.
A wealthy Victorian family is teeming with sexual restraint. Enter, a poor naturalist who falls in love with the beautiful daughter of the head of the household. She appears to be afraid of sex, yet she has secrets that her  new husband cannot even begin to imagine. The governess, exquisitely and  masterfully portrayed by Kristen Scott Thomas, barely  conceals her  powerful attraction to the naturalist. He attempts to ignore her, despite  his wife's  lack of sexual interest in her husband. However, Thomas's  character has a keen intelligence and gift for studying nature, which was  at its zenith during the Victorian period. The two naturalists are drawn  together by their interests. As the  story evolves, Thomas attempts to  reveal the reality of the family that supports the naturalist. In doing so,  she is at once subversive and mysterious. Yet there is no doubt that the  naturalist must know the world in which he resides. Like the Age of  Innocense, the tension is almost unbearable, but unlike that film, Angels  and Insects unveils the bizarre nature of human beings when desires are  forced &quot;underground.&quot; In &quot;Insects,&quot; the insects appear  to be the only living things that are normal. This beautifully atmospheric  and Victorian drenched film will shock some viewers. But it will also  enlighten those who think that the good old days were &quot;good.&quot;  There is a butterfly scene that is magnificient.
A well done film depicting the sexuality and perversion seething below the genteel surface of Victorian aristocracy.
This film is a wonderful unusual drama.  Great cast, very English.  I love it.
This movie is worth watching but not that easy to rewatch in its entirety.
This is a repellent story about an impoverished Victorian entomologist who falls in love with an aristocrat. The only redeeming value of this movie was to depict in what is probably a realistic way the treatment of servants  in that era.
