the mickey rourke that im used to showed up big time.i am always psyched to see films by mr parker(he is the rational mans david lynch).but when i saw mickeys name,i was kinda iffy.but i should have known he would have excelled in this type of role.and as the movie played out,he was the only one that made sense.this is a magnificent supernatural thriller,truely original,and i found not 1 minute of wasted time.this movie stayed on course.sometimes you get a movie/film with a great premise but implodes 1/2 way through,or has some corny ending that kills the rest of the movie/film.not here.and not with these actors/actresses(miss bonet ALMOST ruined it).heres the plot;harry angel(rourke)is a private eye who is called on to find a missing person.the problem is that the person isnt quite missing.his employer,mr cyphere(de niro)needs to clear up a debt that johnny favorite(missing person)owes.its basically that simple.but while finding clues to johnny's whereabouts,harry becomes more and more embroiled in the world of voodoo and murder.is he being set up?is there even a missing person?each clue seems to drag harry deeper into the abyss.this was one of my 1st DVDs purchased and i would strongly urge everyone to have this in their collection.
When a down and out Private Investigator (Mickey Rourke) has been hired by a slighty odd sinister man named Louis Cyphre (Two Time Oscar-Winner:Robert De Niro) wants him to find a missing Singer in to order a Settlement on a Vegue Debt.<p>Written and Directed by Alan Parker (Pink Floyd:The Wall), which this film is not for all tastes and the Squeamish, this is Unique Film, which it`s hard to watch by Some Viewers. Intense Performances by Rourke and De Niro make this One a Winner. Also Especially from Lisa Bonet make This is a Frighting Disturbing film. Based on the Novel by Wiliam Hjortsberg (Legend). Grade:A-.
Full of atmosphere, style, and topped with a genuinely surprising ending, &quot;Angel Heart&quot; can be said with certainty to be one of the most underrated films of the past 20 years.  Perhaps it was the combination of Mickey Rourke and Alan Parket, two Hollywood outsiders (at best) or the controversy over the no-holds-barred sex scene between Rourke and Lisa Bonet...but there is real style and smarts under the surface of this one, not to mention some great imagery and a jazz soundtrack.  As steamy as summer in New Orleans, the influence of &quot;Angel Heart&quot; can be seen in movies as diverse and popular as &quot;Sixth Sense&quot; and &quot;Seven.&quot;
I think one of the best film in the last 20 years.the class of De Niro and style of Rourke are here nothing in regard to the story.The end of the film is so incredible that I still remember my astonished face.
I watched the film a few days ago and it seems to me that some reviewers cannot separate reality from fiction. If Paul B. does not like the characters played by the actors in the film, fair enough. But we have to give credit to the actors for their performance as  "scum of the earth" because they do it very well. I admit that I did like the Character of Robert de Niro, good old Robert, always has the knack for picking peculiar characters and I found his part of the cool, creepy Lucifer hilarious. <p>Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke's) is hired by a New York Lawyer, Louis Cypher to track down a singer, Johnny Favourite who disappeared several years ago without paying his debt back to Cypher. Angel's search for Johny takes him all the way to New Orleans where he is suddenly caught up in a series of gruesome ritualistic murders.  As the film progresses Rourke's grubby Character becomes more and more dislikeable (we know now who Bruce Willis modeled himself on) with his self-obsessed attitude and obvious lust towards anything with a pair of ti.s and pretty face regardless of age or motherhood. You soon start to wonder how true is Harry's apparent innocence especially as he starts to become tormented by those violent "voodo-charged" visions and flashbacks that take him closer and closer to his "true identity" and that of those in Favourite's entourage.<p>The film is atmospherically amazing with its haunting imagery of evil, sex, darkness, violence, horror that gives you an exotic picture of Parker's vision of Hell. The use of blood and violence is abundant but not abused which keeps the feeling of mystery throughout the film. <p>At the end of the film you will kind of think that Harry deserves everything he gets and understand why he is such an "as..ole". I couldn't help but finding it funny, almost ridiculous but it's a classic ending and it fits perfectly with the story even if it still leaves you with a few unanswered questions.<p>It is definitely a cult film rather than a blockbuster, one of those films that you have to watch again to spot the details you missed. I can see how an American audience would not appreciate and why it would shock some viewers but for fans of Alan Parker, this would be another one to own from his diverse collection.
One of the forgotten gems of the 1980s', "Angel Heart" attracted a great deal of controversy due to its violence and sexual contebt (mostly because it involved a squeaky clean Cosby kid). 23 years later, the film remains a stylish, tightly scripted and marvellously acted combo of horror and neo-noir.<br /><br />Mickey Rourke gives the most layered and dynamic performance of his career as Harold Angel, a sleazy Brooklyn private eye hired by the mysterious Louis Cyphre (a creepy, bearded Robert DeNiro) to find Johnny Favorite, a famous 1940s' crooner who mysteriously dissapeared some time ago. Apparently, Favorite backed out on a business deal with Cyphre, and Cyphre is intent on getting back what is his.<br /><br />What starts out as a routine 'missing persons' case becomes a more sordid, darker affair. Those involved in Favorite's disappearance seemingly wind up dead not long after Angel interviews them. Things take a turn for the worse when Angel ventures out to New Orleans, where he encounters a voodoo preistess (Lisa Bonet) whose mother had a romantic liason with Favorite. As bodies continue to pile up and Angel becomes increasingly implicated in their murders, the truth about Favorite and Cyphre is revealed in a devasating and unpredixtable climax - one that does not bode well for Angel.<br /><br />As stated earlier. "Angel Heart" is a dynamite movie. What could've been a messy attempt at combining genres works flawlessly thanks to a solid script. Rourke gives an Oscar worthy performance. He appears in every scene and is dynamite from start to finish, perfectly showcasing the evolution of Angel from confident, streetwise detective to a frightened novice in way over his head. DeNiro gives one of his most underrated performances as Louis Cyphre, and Bonet proves to be a surprisingly adept romantic interest.<br /><br />Alan Parker does an amazing job as director, with lush cinematography that makes the grimy streets of Brooklyn and the dark, dank swamps of New Orleans come alive, allowing them to add as much to the development of the story as the three leads.<br /><br />"Angel Heart" is a chilling supernatural thriller, and a high water mark for all those involved in its prosuction.
Mickey Rourke does a fine job making a P.I. look like an amoral thug. DeNiro supports as a client beyond reproach with a somewhat aloof demeanor.  There is murder, mayhem, voodooism, blood-letting, cannibalism, incest, brutality, and assorted other barbarisms. It does what it sets out to do rather successfully. You might find the foregoing colorfully filmed acts artfully accomplished and intriguing to experience as necessary fulfillment of the creative staffs concept. You might find them off-putting and good reason to eject the disc. In any case, be aware that this is not Sam Spade, the Thin Man or Marlowe.
Movie had me on the edge of my seat.  The twist at the end was amazing.
Despite the fact that this movie virtually tiptoed in and out of the box office limelight when it was released, it is still a very watchable, and often scary detective style thriller. What seems a simple missing person case brings Mickey Rourke to steamy (and often seamy) New Orleans and Harlem in the fifties. Working for a curiously menacing but well spoken client called Loius Cyphre, played superbly by Robert De Niro, our gumshoe must dig and delve into the past and try and retrace the steps of the disappearance. Cleverly twisted, and at times a little hard to follow, it transpires that the aforementioned Mr Cyphre (Lucifer in case you missed it) is actually on a harvest of souls that have been previously owed. The closer O' Rourke gets to the truth, the more horrifying it becomes, for him and everyone around him, in a very suspenseful, and often quite disturbing way. A young Lisa Bonet appeared in a fairly graphic, explicit and questionable sex scene in the original movie, which brought much controversy upon it, but has been restored in the unrated version. Despite the unlikely 80's designer stubble sported throughout by our hero, being fashionable in even the shadiest areas of town in the 50's, O'Rourke plays his part extremely well, often bemused, and superbly portarying genuine fear at the revelations he uncovers. Sure to thrill any audience today who likes the supernatural/thriller/mystery drama, it's still highly watchable. Perhaps enjoy is the wrong word here, but worth a visit!
" Angel Heart" is a truly terrifying and suspenseful murder/mystery film set in the 1940's. Harry Angel ( Mickey Rourke) is a private investigator about to go on a job that will bring him to the edge of insanity. He is approached by a mysterious and evil looking man named Louis Cyphre ( Robert De Niro). Apparantly a singer named Johnny Favorite has something of his, and he wants him tracked down. Harry agrees to take the case but has no idea what he is getting himself into. The case leads from the streets of New York to the swamps of the Louisana Bayou. Frustrated and running low on clues, he runs into Epiphany Proudfoot ( Lisa Bonet) who is a high voodoo priestess. She introduces Harry to the dark and mysterious world of voodoo. As the two get closer, so does Harry to the truth of where Johnny is, and who he really is. But the truth that Harry is looking for, could be too much for him to handle... <p>"Angel Heart" is an outstanding mystery film that provides for endless amounts of terror and suspense. You will be on the edge of your seat while watching this film. The script is great and provides for awesome dialogue and tons of twists and turns. The ending is shocking, and will force you to pick your jaw up off the floor. The background, set pieces, and costume designs really give the film its sense of authenticity. It is a shame that not more people know about this film, because it is truly one of the most original and frightening horror films available. <p>The performances are outstanding. Mickey Rourke does the best job with Harry Angel. We see Harry go from confident P.I. on a routine missing persons, to a paranoid and frightened man on the brink of losing his mind. It is great to watch as the case becomes more personal, and becomes less random. Lisa Bonet prooves that she can do more than be one of the Cosby's. She is extremely sexy and does a great job with the role. The infamous love scene between Harry and her may shock you. Robert De Niro's Louis Cyphre is extremely powerful and scary for the limited amount of screen time he has. Before the film ends, you will probably be able to guess his true identity, but you are still shocked and scared when you finally find out. Charloette Rampling is great as Margaret Krusemark. She plays a fortune teller who is into black magic and helps Harry on the case. Watching her go from a sweet woman, to the evil witch she really is well freak you out! <p>Overall, Angel Heart is truly a great horror film. The mystery is well done and hides the truth very well. The ending is one of the most shocking I have ever seen. The story itself offers endless amounts of terror and nail biting suspense. The actors are all great. This is deffinately a must see movie that you will enjoy. The DVD is great because it has a featurette that shows the making of the film.
I hated this when I saw it years ago.  On second viewing last weekend, I found it much more fascinating then I had realized, even more imaginative than I had recognized.  It is not a film to make one enjoy it or to feel "good" or "happy" since the plot is unpleasant, the characters pretty much reprhesible; but the exceptional acting by Rourke and DeNiro...Ah!!!!!!!!!  Even Lisa Bonet seemed better in the second viewing.  It was worth the two viewings; maybe a third down the road a piece.  And the ending...well, evil is punished as it should be, but so are the innocent.  How true to life that sometimes is.
AngelHeart is one of my favorite movies of all time and stars 2 of my favorite actors Robert DeNiro who plays a perfect devil, and Mickey Rourke who plays his role perfectly as well.<p>Note: the films climax features 2 of the best going back and forth in one of cinemas greatest scenes of all time... and if you enjoy rourke in this film, check anything he's done in the 80's, it's all amazing.
...what price fame, glory, and that one great moment in time? (A hit record?) Subtexted to the story line is how rock n roll music was created... ..reminds me of what some of these young artists have done to  get a record deal to &quot;blow up&quot;, as it were. Just kidding, just  kidding. Love Lisa Bonet as Epiphany, not cause of her being nekkid, but  she was weird and mystical. Always love anything Orleans.
This movie is one of my overall best movies to watch!  It's a gritty mystery with a touch of evil that will keep you holding on to your pillow. The film gets kind of artsy in some moments, but if you can get pass  those-it's a film worth seeing!  As I said one of Mickey Rourke's greatest  performances!!!  As for the scene between Rourke and Lisa Bonet...it is  erotic and evil rolled into one.  It makes you feel sexy and seductive one  second and scared for your soul the next. I highly recommend it!!!!
Set in the mid-1950s, sleazy private investigator Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke) is hired by mysterious Louis Cyphre (Robert De Niro) to find a singer who owes him money. Enticed by a $5000 retainer, Angel's search leads him to a hospital which covered up the singer's release years ago, and then to New Orleans and bayou country where Angel's probe leads to voodoo worshipers and a trail of brutal ritualistic killings. Along the way, Angel manages a brief but raw encounter with the singer's young, sexy daughter played by Lisa Bonet.<br /><br />The movie is entertaining to watch if you don't mind a little brutality and gore now and then, and has an interesting plot twist of deja vu and self-discovery. I did think that the glowing, piercing eyeball display on several characters at the end was silly and unnecessary, since an assoociation with the darker side of things had already been established. While De Niro's character appears mostly at the beginning and end, Rourke carries the film and gives the movie it's vitality. Charlotte Rampling also appears in a minor role.<br /><br />The blu-ray transfer is mosly excellent but with typical grain in the blue/grey skies. Special features include comments by Rourke and director Alan Parker.<br /><br />Tidbits: Following this 1987 film, Rourke moved on to do the sleazy Barfly with Faye Dunaway. Alan Parker, who had previously directed Midnight Express, completed the successful Mississippi Burning the following year.
A powerful and brilliant script, incredible acting, indelible images, all make this movie a collectors item. Mickey Rourke has always been a great actor - that is why his role in The Wrestler is even more poignant...a great talent returns.
I have loved this movie from the first time I saw it. I have always been a Mickey Roarke fan and this movie truly showcases his wonderful talent.
this is one of my favorite movies of all time. lisa bonet is wonderful in this movie as is the entire cast. well worth your time and money.
this is a must see..not for the faint hearted..(X-rated artfilm style movie)...........i was hesitant to see it because it takes place in louisiana (i dont like that culture,-accents,-music ect.) but it was all great...the voodoo was beautifully artfully done (as was the whole film)....deniro is great as always....&amp; SO was Rourke (who i didn't care for as an actor before seeing this)...if you can take graphic imagry &amp; like art films with symbolism this is a must see.... classic in many ways... cinematography is great as is everything else....but like i said before don't watch it unless you are in the habit of watching graphic (even X-rated) films...
I think the movie a psychological thriller which is a reaction to the idea of the modern society as "good."  The movie seems to hint at a deeper level of consciousness in which the average person see's good as bad and vice versa.  The "good" man is a moralistic individual trying to forget his evil past.  In the end, it is the moral individual who goes to hell.
A seedy gumshoe (Mickey Rourke) works a missing persons case in New Orleans, unaware that he has a terrifying personal connection to it.  This connection and the true nature of his employer (Robert DeNiro) only become clear to him at the end of the film, but they should be clear to any attentive filmgoer long before that, even if you haven't read the Amazon review, which gives away a major plot revelation.  Director Alan Parker scores points for style, but his story is a constant barrage of horror movie and private eye conventions.  DeNiro's performance is broad, overly mannered, and clich&eacute;; the identity of his character is immediately apparent, robbing the revelation at the end of the film of its impact.  Parker's direction and interesting performances from Rourke and Lisa Bonet keep it watchable, but a bit more self-restraint and imagination would have improved this film a great deal./
I loved Angel Heart.  I ordered the unrated (x) version from a seller who works with Amazon.  I received the R rated version. I then ordered the special edition from amazon directly which stated it was the unrated version.  However, it was also rated R.  It looks like I will have to buy it here locally.  The movie was excellent and I would recommend it to anyone.<br /><br />If you are going to buy it from either a seller or Amazon, make sure you are getting the correct version.
Alan Parker at his most zapadacious.  Bling Blam Mickey Rourke zezzerfozzen!  Cinematography to set your grandmother's clock with the silly dragon painting the barn by. Although I don't really like pickles, I  loved this movie.  Frip.
This is an intriguing, unusual, beautifully directed, highly atmospheric film that successfully crosses any number of genre: film noir, thriller, mystery, and horror.  The plot is simple. In the mid nineteen fifties, a mysterious and slightly sinister business man, Louis Cypher (Robert De Niro), hires Brooklyn gumshoe, Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke), for a missing person case.  Angel's investigation, for which he is being paid a princely sum for the time, takes him from Harlem to New Orleans, as he looks for a former crooner named Johnny Favorite, who sometime during the early nineteen forties apparently welched on a business deal with Louis Cypher and hasn't been heard from since. <p>What happens when Angel gets to New Orleans will be infused with voodoo rites, ritual murders and taboo sex. The Big Easy is hardly that for our erstwhile detective, as he becomes susceptible to a series of initially puzzling flashbacks. Moreover, it seems that everyone with whom he meets, who had a connection to our missing crooner, ends up being savagely murdered. When he meets with a tarot card reader (Charlotte Rampling), it is just the beginning of the end for our increasingly disheveled gumshoe. His introduction to the gorgeous Epiphany (Lisa Bonet), a seventeen year old voodoo queen, later leads to a coupling that is played with singularly wild abandon.  Both of these women have a  connection to our mysterious missing person, Johnny Favorite, who, it turns out, may have given the Devil a run for his money in the evil department. <p>Robert De Niro is sensational in the highly stylized,  role of Louis Cypher. He imbues the role with just the right amount of sardonic humor and restrained menace so as to make the character memorable. De Niro leaves an indelible imprint on every scene in which he is in.  Mickey Rourke, who is in nearly every scene in this film, shows that he has the ability to carry a movie, as he is simply terrific as the private detective who is slowly unraveling. As the film progresses, the toll that the investigation is taking on the tormented Angel is evident on his face. Angst ridden, bleary eyed, and disheveled, Angel is definitely involved in the biggest case of his life. As he gets closer to the truth of what happened to Johnny Favorite, the more his life seems to be spinning out of control. Rourke manages to convey all this, no easy task. The supporting cast is uniformly excellent and adds to the flavor of this delicious gumbo of a film, which is reminiscent of Goethe's Faust. Undoubtedly, this film is one of  Alan Parker's best directorial efforts. Bravo!
One of the greatest aspects about this film (to me) is that it is not quite a horror film, not quite a straight supernatural thriller and not totally a gritty detective movie either. It has elements of all three but does not stay consistently with the theme of any. The critics who called it "provocative and original" were correct because if nothing else, _Angel Heart_ is indeed those two things.<p>On the surface, the plot seems simple. A private investigator named Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke) is hired by Louis Cyphre (Robert De Niro) to find a big band singer from the 1940s, Johnny Favorite. Angel is hesitant at first but he accepts the job because it pays well. From the beginning of the investigation, Angel learns that Favorite must have had plenty of secrets to hide. I don't want to give too much of the plot away so if you want to watch the film without knowing much about its twists and turns, don't read on. Anyhow, it seems that Favorite had powerful friends who took him out of the hospital he was staying at after the war and he disappeared. Because he had been badly injured, his face was still in bandages when he left so it was possible that Johnny didn't even look like Johnny anymore. As Angel probes deeper and deeper, dead bodies begin to pile up and Angel gets involved with Epiphany (Lisa Bonet), a voodoo priestess who could well be underhandedly included in a diabolical scheme with Favorite. In the film, Angel leaves New York for New Orleans to learn more about the occult practices Favorite was part of. This differs from the novel in which the setting stays in New York throughout. By the last twenty minutes of the film, the audience will discover the dark truth about Johnny Favorite at the same time (or maybe before if you've been paying attention) Angel does. <p>Mickey Rourke does an excellent job of portraying Harry Angel and Robert De Niro, though not an obvious choice for bringing to life the book's version of Louis Cyphre, is fantastic. De Niro plays Cyphre with such skill that even if you find the supernatural premise to be hokey or contrived, you will feel intimidated by his commanding prowess. As one reviewer already mentioned, the cinematography is excellent. The setting, lighting, and lack of bright, vibrant colors give the film a dark, noir feeling that it retains all the way through. I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys trying to crack how movies will end, anyone who likes detective stories and anyone with an interest in the supernatural.
Film: 5.0/5.0; Video: 4.0/5.0; Audio: 3.5/5.0<br /><br />Obviously due to Mickey Rourke's well-earned success and critical acclaim with last year's "The Wrestler", we now receive a fairly expedient release of Alan Parker's "Angel Heart" on the Blu-Ray format, released on the long-defunct Carolco pictures from 1987.<br /><br />First off I must mention that I am a big fan of this title. It is not a movie which will appeal to everyone, but I really enjoy the overall visual style and the feel (of impending doom) together with the scenery and the truly awesome music and sound cues which makes this a very original piece, and not in any way reminiscent of a typical 80s film. Coupled with a compelling story based on William Hjortsberg's novel "Falling Angel" and top-notch performances throughout makes this one well worth watching over again.<br /><br />Ironically, this movie was released just before Mickey Rourke intensified his self-destructive process (which coincidentally is what makes "The Wrestler" so good as well, since it parallels Mickey's own strides in life over almost the same period of time covered in that film), a time which--according to his interviews--he was in the process of losing his house (the interviewer actually repeats himself over and over asking Rourke about "why he chose to make the film"). :)<br /><br />I don't know if it was this pressure which brought out his performance, but nevertheless it is something to behold--especially near the end where he goes all out and almost loses his voice.<br /><br />The rest of the cast is excellent as well. Lisa Bonet and Charlotte Rampling offer memorable performances, not mentioning the scene in which Bonet almost got kicked off "The Cosby Show" for doing. ;)<br /><br />As for the technical quality of this release, it is quite decent. The film does show its age in certain scenes and background detail, but it is overall quite acceptable. Not much tinkering has been done to make it artificially sharper or "smoother" using DNR, edge enchancement, et al.<br /><br />The sound (which is afforded a DTS HD Master Audio track) is quite good as well. Obviously the music really benefits (Courtney Pine's saxophones sound glorious). One small negative point is that it has a little muddy bass (which the original DVD also had), and some scenes did not deliver as much punch as I would have wanted to. Other than that, it was given a quite respectable treatment overall.<br /><br />Dialogue was also intelligible throughout the feature--better so than many newer 90s releases which have made it onto Blu-Ray.<br /><br />All in all, I can highly recommend this title if you are looking for something a little out of the ordinary. It has quite a few memorable scenes and the performances and music alone makes this a strong buy.<br /><br />One of Alan Parker's best.<br /><br />(On an a related note, I see to my horror that this is scheduled for a remake to be released in 2011. Why do these so-called "moviemakers" always feel the need to subject the most unique & iconic masterpieces to this abhorrent practice? Create something thoughtful & original instead. Oh wait, you're unable to as that would require some ounce of talent. My bad.)
I saw this and thought it was one of the "style over substance" movies that were really beginning to emerge strongly back in the late 80s, though it was still fairly creepy. Nevertheless I've never really forgotten it, and was eager to see it again when I found it on DVD for $5.<br /><br />It's 1955 [I TOTALLY did not remember it as taking place in the 50s] and Mickey Rourke is Harold Angel, low-rent private detective. He is hired by Robert DeNiro as Louis Cyphere to find a singer called Johnny Favorite. He has vanished, and DeNiro wants to know if he's still alive.<br /><br />Already one can tell that this is a modern noir, what with the low-rent detective and all the shadows in the photography. Rourke finds that Favorite was checked out of the hospital he was supposedly in, and hunts down the doctor who was in charge. He interrogates him, then leaves for a while, and when he comes back the man is dead. So he begins to think that someone is following him, killing the people he talks to after he finds them. Upon hearing this, DeNiro ups the price to $5,000. Rourke's search leads him down to New Orleans, where he witnesses some creepy voodoo rituals and gets involved with the beautiful Lisa Bonet. Finally his search ends with a surprising revelation that really ruins his day.<br /><br />If you've never seen it, that's all I can tell you. If you like spooky movies with lots of atmosphere [it's not really scary, just very creepy all the way through], you should definitely check this out. It has good performances, a fairly tight script, and a good twist at the end. Okay, bye!<br /><br />SPOILERS > > ><br /><br />Okay, now for the rest of us who have seen it... I was interested to see how this would hold up after all these years, and particularly after knowing what was coming. I'm pleased to say that--it does! In fact, it may have a little more power and poignancy, as if you DON'T know what's happening you have to look back on everything, and it seems to me that your real satisfaction comes from looking back on the movie afterward. If you do know what's coming, you can admire DeNiro's devilish [arr! arr!] sadism in making Harry hunt himself, and have a little more feeling for the clueless Harry as his blas&eacute; world weariness is slowly drained away and he begins to really panic over what's going on.<br /><br />DeNiro was even better than I remembered [aside from looking HOT and exuding that whole `menacing mobster' thing that I like], especially after you know the story and realize that he is just toying with Harry from the start. His whole air of amused sadism and absolute still confidence really works. That said, in retrospect I think the movie kind of overdid the whole "I am Satan" thing with the extended shots of his pentagram ring and long fingernails and cane and throne and especially the "this egg represents the soul"...CHOMP scene. I can see how those things might seem evocative if you were just trying to piece this whole thing together, but even so I think it could have done with less of them. There's a note in the IMDb trivia that says DeNiro was doing an imitation of Martin Scorsese in his performance, but it doesn't say where that information came from. Anyway, good one Robert!<br /><br />Mickey Rourke is also fine. He handles his role without a hitch, but I think a lot of the mileage he gets out of it is due to the script and plot. Lisa Bonet is also on hand, presented in a very sexual way from the very beginning, when she appears in a wet t-shirt with her nipples out to HERE. And Charlotte Rampling is very well deployed as an imperious fortune teller, which works, as she seems so otherworldly anyway.<br /><br />One of the things I remember from watching it the first time is--well, Lavern Baker's recording of "Soul On Fire," which has become a staple of my record collection--but also the extensive shots of FANS. At first I thought that was just a somewhat arbitrary piece of atmosphere, but in retrospect I think the fans receive a loving close-up [as opposed to just being around, as they are throughout] when Harry loses consciousness and becomes the person who is killing all of his informants. I would have to watch it again to make sure--which I'm not going to do for a while--but look for that and see what you think. My first clue about that was the shot showing the fan reversing direction shortly before Mickey finds the dead doctor.<br /><br />I watched this with my boyfriend, who had never seen it, and he figured out the twist about five minutes before it is officially revealed, which I think is perfect--you figure it out on your own, which is fun, just before it is revealed, so you don't have too long of knowing the secret while the movie thinks you're still in the dark, which is annoying.<br /><br />Anyway, it's still good! If you're interested in seeing how well it's constructed and admiring the performances in a way you can't really when you don't know what's going on, I'd definitely recommend giving this one another look.
Mickey Rouke stars as Private Eye Harry Angel who is given a job by the mysterious Louis Cypher (Robert de Niro). His remit is to find missing singer Johnny Favourite. Unfortunately for Harry the people he is investigating for the job have a habit of being found dead after he has talked to them. Naturally this puts Harry in the frame for murder.<br />The cinematography is first rate. Filmed for the most part in Louisiana, there is a real sense of oppression and gloom that makes for an uneasy atmosphere throughout and certainly adds to the tone of the film. Rouke is excellent as the deadbeat Harry a character that attracts and repels at the same time whilst De Niro is suitable sinister as Cypher.<br />Alan Parker has produced a film that is part psychological thriller, part occult-horror, but always gripping.
When originally released in the late eighties, this movie fizzled out of theatres faster than Rourke fizzled out of Hollywood. Although Rourke only had himself to be blame for a ruined career, this film owes its lack of early success to..well..coming out too early. After all, nineties blockbusters such as Silence of Lambs and Seven seemed to have borrowed heavily from it. A dark dreary backdrop didn't appeal to the eighties masses, who were all about wearing neon colors, driving red Pontiac Fieros, and watching Top Gun on VHS.<br /><br />Thank the Lord for DVD because now we can rediscover this little lost relic that never found an audience in the eighties. Everthing about this film emotes the creeps. From chicken blood to Robert Deniro biting into an egg as if it were a human heart, there's more than enough to freak a person out.<br /><br />DVD extras include interviews and commentary. Rourke's commentary is hilarious because he basically has nothing to say. He had so little to say, his commentary really amounts to nothing but a short interview.
This is definitely one of the creepiest movies you'll ever see and the ending is a shocker.  Set in 1955, a private detective named Harry Angel (played my Mickey Rourke) is hired by Louis Cyphre to find a long ago crooner named Johnny Favorite, who owes him something.  The search leads Angel to a dark underworld of voodoo and strange murders.  In his search for Favorite, Harry goes to New Orleans, where he runs into Epiphany Proudfoot, played by Lisa Bonet.  As Harry gets closer to the truth of Favorite's whereabouts, things just get weirder and weirder.  And Louis Cyphre turns out to be Harry's worst nightmare.  And the title is an excellent play on the movie's denoument.  Overall this is a great creepy thriller.  <p>The DVD extras are also interesting (see the Mickey Rourke interview, is tragi-comic).
Superlative performances by Mickey Rourke, Robert DeNiro and Lisa Bonet in a downright dark story make this one creepy, albeit excellent movie. <p>The story line goes, Mickey Rourke's character is a PI hired to find a person who disappeared 14 years ago.  The story twists and turns and mixes in southern voodoo until it reaches a show-stopping climax.<p>A little slow at times, which can make the complex plot tough to follow, but everything comes together in the end.<p>Clearly one of the all time great underrated films.
I love horror movies.I really do. every kind from extreme splatter to the mildest chills. Angel Heart is easily one of the spookiest,and very underated. Mickey Rourke is awesome and gives his best ever performance,its fab from start to finish,beautiful soundtrack,and DeNiro as the bad guy,it has everything,a noir feel that slowly changes into satanic horror......PLUS! Lisa gets very naked....... buy it now!
Angel Heart is what director Alan Parker envisioned a brilliant mixture of Raymond Chandler film noir mixed with the Gothic and occult. Mickey Rourke in one of his best performances plays Harry Angel. Angel is a private investigator very low on the food chain in Brooklyn. He only gets work based on his last name starting with the letter A. However a mysterious and dangerous businessman named Louis Cyphre (Robert De Niro) finds him and contracts him to track down a crooner from the thirties named Johnny Favorite. All Cyphre will tell Angel is that Favorite owes him big for a deal that was struck before Johnny hit it big. Cyphre wants to collect because he doesn't like " messy accounts." Cyphre isn't sure if Johnny is still "amongst the living" since no one has seen him in over twelve years when one night he got in a car and disappeared. Angel begins his investigation in New York but soon relocates to New Orleans when it is obvious that the people behind Johnny's disappearance are heavily involved in voodoo and the occult. In New Orleans he meets Epiphany (Lisa Bonet) the daughter of a woman rumored to be Johnny's lover who is now dead. Epiphany has her own strange connection to Johnny and to voodoo as well but her and Angel begin a relationship. Cyphre comes to town and pretty soon Angel discovers what Cyphre really wants  and who he really is. This film is so atmospheric and has so many unusual shots that it really does get to you. Rourke is fantastic considering his lack of interest in the role as he reveals in the extras. Lisa Bonet in her first film and only nineteen years old is very sexy and actually a good actress. Her sex scene with Rourke is notorious and so good that it not only had to be trimmed to avoid an X rating but got her kicked off the Cosby show as well. De Niro with the exception of the Bonet nude scenes is the most perverse pleasure of the film. With his long nails, neat beard and long hair he is fascinating. It is pretty well known who he represents in the film but I won't give anything away. Two fun facts of trivia instead: Marlon Brando was originally considered for the role and De Niro based his portrayal on director Martin Scorsese.  His scenes with Rourke are among the highlights of the film. It all leads up to a surprise ending worthy of David Lynch. On repeated viewings you can pick up on Parker's recurring motifs such as a fan slowly spinning, dogs barking, and Harry looking at himself in the mirror. The extras are interesting in half of them are EPK interviews shot in 87 and the other half is all new. There is a new introduction, interview, and commentary from Parker. There are five featurettes about an hour long dedicated to voodoo and trying to dispel any myths. The best extras are a "no comment"ary with Mickey Rourke and a much more in depth interview with him. Rourke admits that his motivation for taking the movie was to keep his house and therefore he can't give any insight into his performance despite the interviewers disbelief and best efforts. The commentary is very interesting as it is aborted after twelve minutes sine Mickey ain't having none of it. His interview is about twenty minutes and he is more forthcoming about his early roles, his boxing career, and how much of a struggle his comeback has been. Angel Heart has been one of my favorite films ever since this DVD came out and for people who take a chance on it I think they will have the same reaction.
Let's see. A mesmerizing Mickey Rourke in his element. A brief but blood-curdling cameo from DeNiro sporting overgrown fingernails, dark flowy suits and a baritone drawl. A starkly bold turn from the beautiful Lisa Bonnet who exudes sexual abandon.. <p>Cut to the chase, Angel Heart is a  riveting psychothriller with cojones. It absolutely boggles me, then, why this is not the cult classic that it so richly deserves to be! <p>What begins as a fairly innocuous sleuthing adventure quickly takes on the contours of a supernatural drill, replete with mythological and biblical symbolism, as our private-eye discovers the true nature of his horrifying engagement. <p>Trevor Jones' riveting score and Parker's immaculate direction could be some of the reasons why this grand nightmare lingers in your thoughts long after the credits have rolled, but whatever the motivation, I highly recommend getting a hold of this classic with an unforgettable twist.
Angel Heart never quite got the critical acclaim it deserved. Long before Mickey Rourke was reduced to doing Iglesias music videos, he actually had something of an acting career. In this, perhaps his best work, although not his best known, he plays an amnesiac private investigator sent on the trail of a 1940s crooner/singer named Johnny Favorite. While some of the plot twists are pretty evident to modern viewers (some later films have used similar twists to further their own plots), they were quite novel at the time of the film. The eerie film-noire atmosphere gives everything a sinister, seductive feel, and, while you can pretty much ascertain the identity of the PI's patron (Cypher), the identity of the elusive crooner remains a shocker at the end. Also, if you are a jazz fan, the eerie jazz of Trevor Jones provides a suitably melancholic atmosphere to the film. Lisa Bonet, the Cosby show's wild-child, performs admirably as a voodoo priestess who is also the daughter of Favorite, and the eventual lover of the PI. Rourke is great, as he was in those days, reflecting more emotional range than he was allowed in more notable films in which he participated, namely 9 1/2 Weeks and Wild Orchid. De Niro oozes diabolical smugness and a certain sinister quality that you just cannot quite put your finger on (yeah, if you READ the name of the guy, you know what he is...but those seeing the movie didn't have that luxury until the end credits ... MUCH better in this role than Pacino), and this is one of my favorite roles for him. The film works in a little bit of everything darkly occult, from benevolent, poor but soulful black-folks in voodoo cults, to rich and powerful white-folks with their secret devil worship to keep them rich and powerful. Set against the mysterious bayou backdrop of New Orleans, which only serves to enhance the spooky atmosphere, this film is a classic for anyone who is a fan of film noir.
"Angel Heart" will not only leave you feeling terrified; it will leave you sick, afraid, and wanting to take three hot showers to get the grime off your soul.  The hallmark of a great film: one that you see as a youngin and that sticks in your mind till you see it 13 or 14 plus years later.  And wow, did this one stick.<br /><br />Mickey Rourke (appropriately) is fantastic as Harold Angel (aka...find out for yourself)  who is hired by a very eloquent, ponytailed individual with a knack for seeing through bulls**t.  And wow, does he.  Robert DeNiro is Satan himself, and he pays Angel very well to discover the whereabouts of a man who is closer to home than one might think.  One the way he encounters some really interesting things: gorgeous voodoo mambo priestesses sacrificing chickens, a blues band which plays very well but does odd stuff between songs, doctors who fill Bibles with bullets and shoot dope all day, palm readers who have strange accessories--real strange--and finally the inescapable grip of a hellish, perverse fate.  This is subtle, disgusting, creepy, surreal, poetic, and occult all over.  Any lover of horror has got to check this out.
Mickey Rourke is a small-time private detective hunting for the whereabouts of a missing man on behalf of secretive client played by Robert DeNiro. A trail of gruesome murders and black magic take him from New York to New Orleans, to an alluring voodoo priestess played by Lisa Bonet and a truly shocking end.<br /><br />Not for children or young teens - the original (uncut) version was edited to avoid an NC-17 rating due to explicit sex scene, and murders are of a brutal nature. However, the uncut version is definitely better than R-rated. Scenes are not gratuitous - this a very dark, creepy tale of evil with enough mystery that you want to watch to the very end to find out just what the hell is going on.<br /><br />Excellent acting by Mickey Rourke - nobody else had the acting intensity to play this character in my opinion.<br /><br />Good use of sinister lighting and images to give film a darker, creepier aspect throughout.
Aah, Mr Rourke, where did it all go horribly wrong?  If you saw him and his feakish dog in Once Upon A Time In Mexico, you will know all what I mean.  Flashback to the 80s and Mickey Rourke was so sexy and expressive that the TV tended to start melting....<br /><br />Angel Heart is possibly one of the best films I have ever seen.  Hand on heart.  Wonderfully photographed to give the sensation of menace in even the simplest frame, this frantic race to find the true identity of a 'missing' crooner becomes one of the most sinister premises ever penned with corking performances all round.<br /><br />Robert DeNiro gives a spine tingling performance as the 'eater of souls' (you'll never eat a boiled egg again, trust me) and Lisa Bonet is sweetly sexual and innocent all at once.<br /><br />The film's main backdrop are the equally dusty and drenched environs of America's Deep South, with colours as musty and dark as an attic full of loved and forgotten toys.  The volatile and intense fear of Voodoo permeates almost every scene as the body count grows and so does Rourke's bewildered frustration and mental anguish until breaking point.  His performance is near perfect, possibly only beaten by his turn in Rumblefish.  He wastes not a minute of screen time with overblown hystronics but takes the viewer on a rollercoaster journey that is advisable to be experienced several times.<br /><br />Of course, the actors had great material to work with. It may be that I am a bit slow on the uptake (though I can generally see a plot line a mile off) but I was genuinely pleased that this film baffled me right to the end.  While not generally 'scary', the tension, the psychological drama of Angel Heart will have you gripped and when the credits roll, you'll still be hanging onto the arm of the couch.  It's that sudden, that draining.<br /><br />If there's one downside, is that Mr Rourke tends to think he looks better naked.  Baby, you don't.  It's all in the face and the voice.  Watch out for wobbling arse, bleeding walls....
A Faustian spin through post-war New York and Louisiana, 'Angel Heart' tells a very old story from a surprisingly original and wonderfully chilling angle. The plot, focusing on an increasingly violent missing person's case, is reasonably simple, but the backstory which triggers it is remarkably complex. When you reassemble the pieces at the end it does make sense, but only just. De Niro is superb as Louis Cyphre, the 'businessman' with some collateral to collect, infusing the role with just the right balance of sardonic humour and demonic threat. Mickey Rourke gives what will probably always be his best performance as Harry Angel, a shell-shocked war veteran and disheveled P.I. The supporting cast is excellent, especially Charlotte Rampling as an occultist, and Lisa Bonet as a teen voodoo witch. But the real star here is writer/director Alan Parker. He has an extraordinary talent for the simple but powerfully unsettling image: a slow zoom on the exterior wall of a New York hotel; a New Year's Eve crowd in Times Square; a descending elevator; a sweeping stair; the rotating blades of a fan. These images are simple, cold, yet positively brimming with hellish menace. Trevor Jones's music is the perfect accompaniment, its saxophones careening wildly over menacing rhythms and the ubiquitous throb of a beating heart. It's a thoroughly disturbing marriage which will have fear closing around you with the same grim certainty as the protagonist's fate.
William Hjortsberg's terrific novel FALLING ANGEL was adapted into a marvelous screenplay and beautifully directed by Alan Parker who was at the peak of his considerable artistic powers.<br /><br />A gumbo of genres (noir, detective, supernatural) are masterfully mixed in a film that is arguably as good as the novel on which it is based.  Set in the 50s, Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke) is a down-and-out Brooklyn PI who is hired by mysterious Louis Cyphre (Robert De Niro) to locate Johnny Favorite, a pop singer who never repaid a debt.  Problems arise when Harry contacts people who may know the singer's whereabouts and then they are ritually killed.  Harry's obsessive hunt for Favorite takes him from New York to Louisiana's humid voodoo infested bayous where Harry makes a discovery that chills his soul.<br /><br />Is this Rourke's best performance?  I say yes.  De Niro inhabits the charismatic Cyphre with ease and Bonet burns the screen as a seductive voodoo child-woman.
For those of us who have long been obsessed with William Hjortsberg's unique merging of noir gumshoe and Satanic Horror (Falling Angel), this special edition of Alan Parker's film version is most welcome.  Personally I had been hoping that someone would put together a package like this for a long long time, since my original VCR and DVD editions had no extra material on them at all.  This one certainly makes up for it.<br /><br />There is plenty here to keep fans happy.  Four short documentaries on voodoo, original behind the scenes footage, several original featurettes, and full text commentary by Parker and Rourke.  Parker's narrative is most forthcoming and insightful, and I really enjoyed having him talk the viewer through every scene, giving intimate background details which really evoke a sense of time and place, as well as some interesting observations on the working relationship between himself, Rourke and De Niro.  Parker also reflects on his dealings with the author and how Hjortsberg was kind enough to allow him to take a lot of liberty with the original text.  I can vouch for this as the film is vastly different to the novel, without losing the basic tenets of the story.<br /><br />It's a pity Rourke himself is a lot less forthcoming in his analysis of the film and his role in it.  In fact he seems rather reluctant to speak at all, and one wonders why he even bothered.  This is a shame, as Rourke is an incredible actor and a unique enigmatic figure.  To me he will always be Harry Angel/Johnny Favourite, and I was always struck at how his real life experience to some extent mirrors that of the title character here.<br /><br />Overall, the combination of period background material from 1987 in conjunction with the more recent (circa 2006-07) commentary makes for a really good package of what in my view is one of the best horror films of all time.
As far as film making goes, there was not a great deal of attention to detail in this one.  Look for modern-era cars in the 1955 street.  There was no Mickey Mouse club ('Wednesday is "Anything-can-happen Day"') when this story took place.  In spite of this, the movie is one of the best, if not THE best, "Devil" pics around.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001US62I">Angel Heart (Special Edition)</a><br /><br />First and foremost this is a GREAT movie. I first saw this movie when it came out in 1987. The two main things I remembered at the time, the ending was a something I nevered would have guessed  and Lisa Bonet's (Denise Huxtable of The Cosby Show) scenes were hot (yeah I was a thirsty teenager at the time). If I remember correctly, the scenes were so "controversial" ie sexual it got her (Lisa Bonet)kicked off of The Cosby Show for a while. Fast foward 24 years, Lisa Bonet's scenes are still hot with the exception that Mickey Rourke (the love interest)now looks like a pervert because of the age difference between the two (among other things)and the plot, acting, directing etc is even better because once you see the ending all the little things going on throughout the film make even more sense. This movie definitely stands the test of time.<br />I love and collect movies and this movie is one of my favorites.
One of my top 3 male actors of today? Robert DeNiro. This man transforms himself into whatever character he plays, over and over again. The plot of this particular movie makes it so good to me, and the cry, "I know who I am" by Mickey Rourke's character made me feel so bad for him. Lisa Bonet got into hot water with Bill Cosby over her role in this movie - love you Bill, but she had a great part. The physical condition of the dvd is excelent, as with all of the other media that I have purchased from Amazon.
*****************SPOILER ALERT*****************************<br /><br />This is one of my Favorite flicks (sorry) and I loved it since I saw it when it first came out. I'm absolutely crazy about cinematic versions of Satan and Robert DeNiro's performance is the best ever, bar none, IMHO. He seems perfect to me, what with his odd appearance and silky mannerisms. His ominous restraint is indeed his most frightening feature, since if the Devil truly exists he could effortlessly exterminate us with a snap of his fingers. But his legend has always been that he merely toys with us in order to gain our souls, perhaps more for his own amusement than for their value to him. He certainly manipulates Harry every step of the way. The irony here is that for every murder he makes Harry commit, Harry gets away with. But at the end he actually kills Epiphany himself and successfully frames Harry for that one. Anyway, this representation of him is right on the money. Very creepy, even before you realize who he really is, although you can sense immediately that he's more than just a man. My theory on the cane is that he needs it to walk because he has to fit his cloven hooves into shoes in order to pass as a human being. There's only one scene where we briefly see him standing and walking in any of his appearances. There's not a clear view of him walking and it takes place in a Catholic church so I'll bet this is Alan Parker and/or DeNiro himself having a little bit of fun with the part. But he uses different canes for different scenes, so maybe it's just a kind of royal scepter. It's all part of the atmosphere of this movie. Lots of little details.<br /><br />I always liked Mickey Rourke because he was just perfect for certain roles, and this is one of them. I'm glad that he has finally come out the other side of his own personal Hell and made a comeback with The Wrestler, also a part that he's absolutely ideal for. For some reason, in his interview he doesn't want to seriously discuss his acting or his character - he claims that Harry Angel was just an "everyday Joe"! Just an amoral, bottom-feeding, womanizing everyday Joe with amnesia and extensive plastic surgery who also double-crossed the Devil. At any rate, in Angel Heart his sleazy Brooklyn private eye is an all-time great version of the cliche-ridden cinematic gumshoe. What I liked the most about him is that he has no redeeming qualities whatsoever: no honesty, no integrity, no knightlike sense of honor like Marlowe or Spade or all those other guys. He strikes a match for his cigarette off the dead doctor's shoe and that tiny gesture tells us all we need to know about the character. And when we learn that Angel Heart is actually a quite literal term, it's a big shock. For me at least it was.<br /><br />In fact, everybody in this movie is reprehensible and despicable. There isn't a sympathetic person in sight. Even the minor characters behave immorally and unethically at best. The  major roles are all fantastic - Rourke, DeNiro and Lisa Bonet. Miss Bonet supplies a weird mix of innocence and evil; of backwoods barefoot backwardness and serene worldliness; and of wide-eyed sweetness and enthusiastic sensuality. Her notorious sex scene is very powerful and meant to invoke her statement of how her mother told her that her father was a "terrific lover", I think. Among other things.<br /><br />This transfer is great; couldn't be better. We get the full benefit of the fantastic cinematography and symbology. We'd need the finest anthropologist to decipher the countless emblems and talismans, but they sure looked authentic to my untrained eye. So anyway, if you want something unusual that stands up to repeated viewings, this is a superb choice.
This is one of the best movies ever made.  The symbolism and hidden meanings are awesome, but it must be seen twice before you understand even half of the things that are going on!  Bravo.
No other film will ever give you the sensation felt at the end of this one!  Mickey Rourke stars in this scary as hell film of lost souls and dirty deals.  Rourke is a gritty private investigator that is hired by De Niro (The Devil) to go and track down a man named John Favorite.  Mickey follows the clues left behind by Favorite, and becomes more and more drawn into the man's past.  Every witness that Mickey interviews suddenly ends up horribly mutilated and without a trace of why!  I will noy give away the ending on this one! But I can say that it is plainly one of the scariest movies ever made, not with gore or anything stupid like &quot;monsters&quot;, but phycologically, it contains an incredibly frightening premice.
Eventhough the performances of Mickey Rourke, Rober De Niro and Charlotte Rampling earned a lot of praise and are mostly talked about when this film is discussed, its greatest value is its ultimate noir quality. As Raymond Chandler once put it, every detective in a real good mystery is really in search of himself, simultaneously trying to evade his personal hell. Harry Angel, the detective in this film, is epitome of that kind of detective.  I also liked the New Orleans-style blues.
This film is full of haunting imagery, stellar performances, superb dialouge, and pure terror. The theme teaches us that old cliche, we have met the monster and he is us. How can I convey the pure wonderfullness of  this film, the New Orleans setting, the marvelous Rourke and DeNiro, the  relentless pacing as the mystery is unravelled. Look for the meanings of  the elevator, Times Square, blood being washed from the wall..... Symbolism  abounds
This has to be one of the finest movies ever made!  Not only does it look fantastic (Alan Parker at his best) but it has the characterisation and story to complement it.  The music is suitably atmospheric, and the art  direction clostophobically creepy (exactly as is imagined in the book).  The best British directed film made in America (close competition provided  by American Beauty - Sam Mendes) ever!  If anybody disagrees - their  wrong.  No question.
I first viewed this movie in 1987 only because the cover intrigued me so and sparked my curiosity of what could this movie be about. But also seeing who starred in it also sparked interest being a fan of Rourke and DeNiro. Let me first point out this movie is NOT for the squeamish. So if some graphics disturb you than you should pass on this. The movie takes place in 1955 New York. Harry Angel a private gumshoe is contacted by a law firm representing a one Louis Cyphere. Reason for the contact is that Mr. Cyphere wants to hire Mr. Angel to find a client of his who he needs to collect on a "vague" debt. The client he wants found is an old crooner by the name of Johnny Favorite or aka; Jonathan Liebling. After Mr. Angel contacts one of Johnny's old doctor up in Poughkeepsie he winds up dead. Harry reports back to Mr. Cyphere that he is out of the hunt as he could be a prime suspect. Cyphere baits him with an up front $5000 salary to find Johnny Favorite. You have to remember $5000 is a lot of money in 1955. This gets him on the track down to New Orleans looking for Johnny Favorite. In his searches everyone he comes in contact with who had any dealings with Johnny Favorite they wind up dead with Harry Angel being pointed as the prime suspect. This is as far as I can go with this as I really don't want to spoil this for anyone. All I can say is buy this movie because the ending is worth the price of admission alone and will shock the hell out of you and you won't be able to stop talking about "Angel Heart" for quite some time. I highly recommend this one. Not hardly a sleeper film.
For such a suspenseful, eerie film this is still criminally underknown, mostly due to its gruesome imagery and controversy over the Lisa Bonet sex scene (she was thrown off the Cosby Show for it), but it's never too late to discover the greatness of Angel Heart. Mickey Rourke is a '50s gumshoe hired by the mysterious Louis Cipher to find a missing Sinatra-like crooner named Johnny Favorite. But all is not as it seems. Director Alan Parker creates wonderful atmosphere in its period New York and New Orleans settings, and Mickey is at his finest just before his personal problems deep-sixed his career for many years. A must see- you won't regret it!
wow this is a good movie ive had the vhs tape and wore it out<br />so when i saw this dvd i decided i had to have it -it did not let me down the qulity was excellent all thru the movie the audio the pictue the hole 9 yards the ratio of the film is 1.85 widescreen i still love fullscreen better 1.33- but even with the 1.85 it was not even noticible as the movie captured my attention it brings back memories<br /><br />dont forget to watch the interviews at the end there really interesting
I saw this movie years ago and never get tired of watching. Out of all "The Devil Made Me Do It" based thrillers, I think this movie is the best. The fact the movie is set in New Orleans, a city rich in the occult, adds volumes to the story. But when you add Robert De Niro into the mix as the rich benefactor with an elusive secret, you get next to perfect. All the characters come together so well to give an outstanding performance about a man's search and ultimate fight for his soul. If you love a challenge and this movie does not draw you in, then I would be pressed to recommend a movie that would. And to add more intrigue, sex and excitement, the scene between Mickey Rourke and Lisa Bonet will surely cover that aspect.
Many films, albums, books, art pieces, etc., are not fully understood at the time of their release.<br />Some are indeed trash, and deserve to be ridiculed and dismissed as tripe.<br />But every now and then, something comes along...in this case a film...which gets the raspberry<br />treatment by the establishment, but later on....with careful revisiting and analyzing...proves itself<br />to be something that was judged too harshly in it's time. With more and more people seeing it,<br />as the generations go forward, it begins to gain a steady following, until it is finally deemed as<br />"A Cult Classic!".....So goes the story behind "Angel Heart".<br /><br />Mickey Rourke (pre-botched plastic surgery) turns in a very angst-filled and believable performance as<br />a grizzled & jaded 1950's-era NYC private investigator, Harry Angel, who is sent on the MIND SCREW<br />ASSIGNMENT OF A STOLEN LIFETIME by the dark, mysterious, and wickedly sardonic Mr. Louis Cipher (LUCIFER),<br />who is played brilliantly, and almost tongue-in-cheek, by the master thespian ROBERT DE NIRO.<br />It turns out that Harry is far from an Angel...in fact, there is much drama, death, and intrigue<br />which seems to follow him wherever he goes. As he accepts the job from Mr. Cipher...more and more,<br />Mr. Angel finds himself deeper and deeper in the ka-ka, as the convoluted layers of a former 1930's<br />crooner named Johnny Favorite's life is revealed to the earth-shattering climax of the story, which is<br />that Mr. Angel has been sent on a mission to find HIMSELF, so that he and Mr. Cipher can make good<br />on the deal for his eternal soul that was struck up years before! (-:<br />It seems that Mr. Angel tried to pull a fast one on old Lucifer, but he's not having it, and decided<br />to show Mr. Angel/Favorite who indeed the master gameplayer is!<br />He makes him do all kinds of horrible things...murders always being the icing on the cake.<br /><br />But the real fun starts when ol' Harry goes down to New Orleans, in hot pursuit of what he<br />doesn't know yet, is himself...and then voodoo, cajun chicainery, dirty cops, and the fact<br />that the beautiful young cafe au lait-skinned mulatto girl, Epiphany Proudfoot, played by a then<br />smoldering & rebellious Lisa Bonet, (in her first role on hiatus from the Cosby Show),<br />whom he is strangely attracted to; culminating in one of the most simultaneously lustful & erotic<br />and terrifyingly bloody sex scenes in film history!---Turns out to be his interracial love child!<br />Yes, the devil makes him do his own, unbeknownst-to-him, daughter!--YIKES!!<br /><br />This film is filled with great scenes, and lines, that will stick in your head,<br />whether you want them to or not. Though it didn't do well at the box office in it's time,<br />and was basically written off....Oh yeah, and that BIG SCANDAL around the fact that Dr. Cliff<br />Huxtable's daughter Denise, had turned out to be the ultimate black sheep of their imaginary family!<br />People (some of them) who loved "The Cosby Show", were actually very disturbed to see their sweet little<br />esoteric free-spirited Denise, play such a sexual and taboo role. She was a very sensual and mysterious<br />voodoo priestess who dies a horrible death after her graphic & erotic scene with Mickey Rourke's character.<br />But time has been very much on the side of this film....<br />It's now an admired and respected cult classic, which has now been re-issued in this special edition version,<br />which is in widescreen 16:9 format, with fully remastered in 5.1 and 2.0 Dolby Digital Surround sound.<br />A great addition to your collection, if you like the film noir genre that's kind of off the beaten path. ***5 Stars**
This is the ultimate film noir, not only in visual style, with shadows, venetian blinds and ceiling fans, but in a tour de force of evil and shady characters. And there's even more: this one adds southern voodoo with Faustian pact to the recipe, so the film is beyond hommage and beyond noir; it's actually DARK, not just film noir on the trail of The Maltese Falcon, The Big Sleep or the previous effort in that genre, Body Heat, only this one does not bother to offer the usual femme fatale as in the mentioned examples.<br />It's odd how De Niro's Louis Ciphre, despite the long nails, looks a lot more composed and elegant than Mickey Rourke's Harry Angel, a detective who keeps detecting his own past and who looks increasingly dirty, sweaty, undone and badly dressed as the movie progresses, so that by the end, he looks almost like a homeless man, perhaps so as to enhance the down on his luck feel of his character. His performance is superb, even better than De Niro's and the celebrated egg eating scene.<br />The copy in blu-ray is also beautiful and impeccable, probably even better than the one I originally saw in cinemas back in 1987, when it was released, doing Michael Seresin's photography justice.<br />A masterpiece of a man's journey through and to hell, with freshly new, evil characters and not just the obvious femme fatales and greedy low lifes that parade on endless examples of the genre.
Angel Heart is one of the best supernatural thrillers in movie history. Powerfull screenplay and excellent performances. This blu-ray edition is near perfect.
"Angel Heart" is a very sordid story. I usually don't go for that sort of thing, but there are a lot of other good things about this movie that made me add this to my collection.  I just watched it last night, for the fourth time.<br /><br />One of the attractions is the outstanding cinematography and camera-work in here, made even better by this special edition enhanced-for-widescreen DVD transfer. This is a film with big-time visual appeal and is wonderfully directed. I just marveled at what I was seeing, shot-after-shot.<br /><br />I liked the old film-noir type atmosphere in the story, which is an interesting one overall.<br /><br />There are no really good-guy characters in this film. Mickey Rourke plays the star of the movie: private eye "Harry Angel." He's somewhat of a low-life but so is everyone else. Lisa Bonet looks spectacular and has a steamy sex scene in here. Robert De Niro gets big billing but he doesn't have that many lines in this movie.<br /><br />The ending of this modern-day film noir has a very unique twist to it, but it's certainly not a satisfying one.  That's all I can say without spoiling it for you who have not seen the film.
This is an intriguing, unusual, beautifully directed, highly atmospheric film that successfully crosses any number of genre: film noir, thriller, mystery, and horror. The plot is simple. In the mid nineteen fifties, a mysterious and slightly sinister business man, Louis Cypher (Robert De Niro), hires Brooklyn gumshoe, Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke), for a missing person case.  Angel's investigation, for which he is being paid a princely sum for the time, takes him from Harlem to New Orleans, as he looks for a former crooner named Johnny Favorite, who sometime during the early nineteen forties apparently welched on a business deal with Louis Cypher and hasn't been heard from since.<br /><br />What happens when Angel gets to New Orleans will be infused with voodoo rites, ritual murders and taboo sex. The Big Easy is hardly that for our erstwhile detective, as he becomes susceptible to a series of initially puzzling flashbacks. Moreover, it seems that everyone with whom he meets, who had a connection to our missing crooner, ends up being savagely murdered. When he meets with a tarot card reader (Charlotte Rampling), it is just the beginning of the end for our increasingly disheveled gumshoe. His introduction to the gorgeous Epiphany (Lisa Bonet), a seventeen year old voodoo queen, later leads to a coupling that is played with singularly wild abandon.  Both of these women have a  connection to our mysterious missing person, Johnny Favorite, who, it turns out, may have given the Devil a run for his money in the evil department.<br /><br />Robert De Niro is sensational in the highly stylized,  role of Louis Cypher. He imbues the role with just the right amount of sardonic humor and restrained menace so as to make the character memorable. De Niro leaves an indelible imprint on every scene in which he is in.  Mickey Rourke, who is in nearly every scene in this film, shows that he has the ability to carry a movie, as he is simply terrific as the private detective who is slowly unraveling. As the film progresses, the toll that the investigation is taking on the tormented Angel is evident on his face. Angst ridden, bleary eyed, and disheveled, Angel is definitely involved in the biggest case of his life. As he gets closer to the truth of what happened to Johnny Favorite, the more his life seems to be spinning out of control. Rourke manages to convey all this, no easy task. The supporting cast is uniformly excellent and adds to the flavor of this delicious gumbo of a film, which is reminiscent of Goethe's Faust. Undoubtedly, this film is one of  Alan Parker's best directorial efforts.  Bravo!
Re- Hutzler review below*<br /><br /> I have the identical problem on my dvd where the vision freezes temporarily and the sound drops out during the transition between chapters 1 & 2, yes v.annoying! Seems OK elsewhere.<br /><br /> btw, being a &quot;Special Ed.&quot; I would like to have seen some extended scenes, alt takes or deleted scenes, as I know many were filmed but were edited out. An opportunity lost..<br /><br /> *Great Dvd, but........., July 25, 2004<br /><br /> Reviewer: M. Hutzler &quot;Film Fan&quot; (Canada)<br /><br /> I admit picture and sound are exemplary but could someone out<br /><br /> there please clarify and or confirm a serious problem that I<br /><br /> have with my disc. Immediately following the director's credit<br /><br /> as the camera is moving out of the dark alleyway onto the busy<br /><br /> downtown N.Y. street filled with traffic the picture stops or<br /><br /> &quot;pauses&quot; for a few seconds before moving forward. Has anyone<br /><br /> else encountered this problem? Help! please let me know as this<br /><br /> is a major debit for this film fan!
I admit picture and sound are exemplary but could someone out<br /><br /> there please clarify and or confirm a serious problem that I<br /><br /> have with my disc. Immediately following the director's credit<br /><br /> as the camera is moving out of the dark alleyway onto the busy<br /><br /> downtown N.Y. street filled with traffic the picture stops or<br /><br /> &quot;pauses&quot; for a few seconds before moving forward. Has anyone<br /><br /> else encountered this problem? Help! please let me know as this<br /><br /> is a major debit for this film fan!
I love this movie for so many reasons. This of course is one of the last great perfomances given by Mickey Rourke. However Robert De Niro's cameo appearances are fantastic as well. The detail of this movie is lost on a viewer the first time through. It takes several viewings to truly take Angel Heart in. But that is the genius of this film. It can be watched over and over again. Each time connecting a few more dots in what turns out to be an all together brilliant movie.
I'm a big Mickyey Rourke fan, as an aside, what in the world happened to him, he blew up like a ballon.  Steroids?  Anyways, this is my favorite Rourke movie and he's superb in the roll of a private eye on the downside.  Alan Parker creates an atmosphere that's dark, evil, and builds in creepiness.  Watch for the fans, even into the final scene.  I've seen this movie 10 times and I still get goosebumps watching it  at nite, alone.
At the time of release, I was only about 12 years old, so even repeated viewings didn't fully satisfy my eagerness to understand this film.  Years later, it still stands as one of the best psychological thrillers of all time, and contains one of Mickey Rourke's last really good roles before he washed himself up.<p>It's on par with &quot;Se7en&quot; (with about a decade separating the two) in terms of atmosphere, and how successful the director is in creating it.  Alan Parker ups the ante here and never sacrifices believability thanks in part to great character performances all across the board.  Particularly De Niro, in a superb understated turn as Satan himself.  <p>Add to that one of the best film-centric scores of recent memory by saxophonist Courtney Pine, and with it, your halloween viewing should be complete.  Even though most people will guess the ending before it happens, they still won't want to leave the film before that ending comes.
I can't believe they went to all the trouble of transferring this to DVD and then didn't release the 'Not Rated' version! The R version is great, though, and I highly recommend it. It's fantastically filmed... very atmospheric.
This is one of those few movies which you can watch more than once and it is probably advisable to do so.When seen again it becomes evident how well the various elements have been brought together to accentuate the story.The soundtrack,the use of surreal images and the acting indicate the depth of talent involved in this production.<p>The choice of songs truly captures the era,but for me it is the background music used during Harry's flashbacks and his symbolic dreams that make the movie as far as the soundtrack is concerned.It creates the impression that there is a malevolent presence over Harry and that the case has initiated images of a past come back to haunt him.<p>The flashbacks and surreal images make it a beautiful movie to watch and these images play on your mind as if they a making a psychological impact on yourself.These images are well timed and do not fragment the film nor does it come across as pretentious art.<p>The actor's performances are very strong in this film and there is not one actor I feel I could criticise.Robert de Niro's cameo appearance is brilliant and he portrayed his character as being a man of mysterious origin and is utterly confident in himself.This portrayel of the Devil is preferable to Al Pacino's more animated and comedic Lucifer.Pacino's character seems to be engineered for mass appeal in a blockbuster movie while De Niro's is created for suspense and chill factors.Mickey Rourke is superb and it is a pity that we do not see him in more movies.<p>Anybody wishing to view this movie should watch it again to analysis the story and only then can this production be truly appreciated.I gave this movie 8/10.
Very well done. All the actors are very good, But Mickey Rourke is especially a stand out in this cast. He shines in this one. A combination HORROR/NOIR that will keep your attention and not "miss a beat." The special features have a very interesting current day interview with Mickey Rourke. Interesting time lines and locations. EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED!!
The chemistry and portrayal of Mickey Rourke, Robert DeNiro and Lisa Bonet is epic! Mickey Rourke and Robert DeNiro are fantastic and gripping. Lisa Bonet was moving in her controversial role.
Angel Heart is a genuine diamond in the rough<br /><br />Movies are not made like this anymore,<br />it pushes the boundaries of all the correctness of our current times.<br /><br />Never before have I been ~put off~ simply watching someone peel an egg.<br />It's just the way Angel Heart pulls you into a edgy situation,...just really intriguing film making.<br />The story makes you think & I wont say anymore<br /><br />After finishing the movie, it was like a nightmare I eerily wanted to continue.<br /><br />Collection worthy!
A dark film noir tale of a New York City gumshoe (a young Mickey Rourke) who is sent down to the New Orleans area to track down a a big band crooner named Johnny Favorite but in doing so he gets involved in bigger things which includes meeting the supernatural (so film noir meets horror). His investigation eventually takes him to New Orleans where he encounters seedy night clubs, mysterious musicians, an angry patriarch with hired goons and the sensual Epiphany Proudfoot (played by Lisa Bonet), who is the daughter of a former lover of Johnny Favorite. You will have to watch this picture closely or maybe even more than once to pick up on all the details of the clue trail. Some will say they figured out the ending all along yet I suspect that number is lower than expected so some of said people are lying. Heh.<br /><br />This film was adapted from the novel Falling Angel by William Hjortsberg. Some very interesting minor characters are included in this film, unlike many others. I really liked the couple on the beach near Coney Island, especially the husband. Lisa Bonet's controversial sex scene led to her dismissal from the oh so popular family comedy TV show, "The Cosby Show" or so some say. In her day she was a young clean sex symbol and people weren't happy when she did this picture. The interracial sex scenes may have been an issue as well back in the conservative 80s. The budget for this film was $17M but it only made a tad over that number at the Box Office (IMDB).<br /><br />CINEMATOGRAPHY: B to B plus; STORY/PLOTTING: B; CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: B to B plus; CLUE TRAIL: B to B plus; FILM NOIR ELEMENTS: B to B plus; WHEN WATCHED: April 2012; OVERALL GRADE: B to B plus.
This is one of the best unsung movies to come out of Hollywood. Mickey Rourke and Robert DeNiro at their best. Got a little scare when the DVD stalled and we had to restart it, but it worked the second time.
came quick, clean and no problems a pleasure dealing Amazon.com.  I would buy again.  Great selections in the DVD line.
This has been one of my favorite movies since I was a teenager.  It was interesting watching it again as a conscious woman because I had a deeper understanding of the message. I'm glad to have it in my movie collection especially at a nice price :) Thanks Amazon!!
If you are a Mickey Rourke or a Deniro fan or both this little tale will not disappoint. The blu-ray version was ok but not great. Some of the scenes seemed to look a little crisper than others. All in all it's a great story, I highly recommend it.
This is a great movie. In my opinion Underrated at the time it was released. The Blue Ray disc has a kind of 3D quality that takes away from the film look, but that could be the settings on my TV. The sound quality is very good.
Indeed the Devil does care in this flick. Another oddball movie that stirred a bit of controversy and i think got evil enough to scare the actors themselves. Diabolical. Mickey Rourke is an amateur in this, but not bad, really, it's worth watching just for DeNiro playing Satan.
I am rating this movie simply for volume (there were only three other reviews).  "Angel Heart" is a dandy.  There's really no other movie quite like it.
A twisty plot set in Lousianna.  Sexy.  Haunting.  A little known classic. Excellent performance by Mickey Rourke.
Based on a great novel by William Hjortsberg (Fallen angel).<br />Great actors.<br />Great director.<br />One of the best crime films (with a touch of occultism) I've seen.
Top Stars for a great drama with lots of thrills. Love The Black Magic perspective. Bounty Hunter with an attitude!
An Eye For An Eye<br /><br />  In the 1987 film, Angel Heart, director Alan Parker elaborately relays to his audience the underlying theme that a person, despite his or her best attempt, cannot cheat and prosper in life.  Utilizing a vast array of symbolism, cultural ideology, and clever subterfuge, Parker portrays the unsuccessful attempt of his main character, Harold Angel (Mickey Rourke), to 'have his cake and eat it too' by cheating both God and Satan.<br /><br />  In "Angel Heart", the old adage that 'cheaters never prosper' comes to life on the screen in a horrifying manner, as the destruction of both self and others unfolds in a most hell-like fashion.  Seemingly, Parker is telling his audience to not be deceived...that nobody, despite his or her best attempt, can cheat and prosper in life.<br /><br />  I thoroughly enjoyed "Angel Heart".  I give it a five-star thumbs up.  I bought this DVD from Amazon.com for the purpose of writing a college level essay on symbology in films.  It turned out to be an excellent choice.  I highly recommend the film, but caution parents to use discretion.  There is a bit of filthy language, some gore, and a sexual scene that I feel should not be viewed by children under age 18.  Use discretion, but enjoy.  The symbology is unsurpassed.<br /><br />--Allan Whitney--
Alan Parker (Pink Floyd: The Wall) directed this stylish, atmospheric tale of evil and voodoo, starring Mickey Rourke as Harry Angel; a 50's era private eye hired by the mysterious Louis Cypher (Robert De Niro) to find a missing man who owes him big.  Of course we know who Louis Cypher really is, but what Angel has yet to discover as he makes a trek from New York to the voodoo-soaked swamps of New Orleans (where he is enchanted by a young girl, played by Lisa Bonet which garnered much controversy when the film was originally released) is that his search will have him make some incredibly shocking discoveries.  Undoubtedly one of the best performances of his career, Rourke is simply magnetic in his role as Harry Angel.  By the end of the film, he has garnered so much sympathy and disdain that you'll be glued to the screen.  De Niro is great as well, albeit his screen time is quite limited (that's why it says "special appearance by" on the cover), but he is nevertheless effective as the ultimate incarnation of pure evil.  The DVD itself from Artisan/Lion's Gate has a surprising amount of substancial special features, including commentary from Parker and Rourke, as well as documentaries on the voodoo culture.  Despite some of the plot holes in the story, Angel Heart is an effective thriller that leaves an impression thanks to Parker's startling imagry and Rourke's great performance, and if you've never seen it before and films with the devil tickle your fancy, give Angel Heart a look.
Here's a movie that combines suspense, creepiness, and violence. It's shortly after World War II. A New York detective goes in search of a missing person, on behalf of a mysterious client who claims that this person owes him a huge debt.  The detective makes his way to New Orleans, visiting a world that is now mostly gone.  Like Chinatown, this movie takes you to places that you never imagined at the beginning.  The end is unforgettable.  And the music is not only good, but enhances the peculiar, atmospheric quality of this strange film.
This movie mixes the genres of a mystery, horror, and the paranormal into one very odd but very satisfying movie.  It contains explicit violence and sex, so kiddies should not really see this movie.  The movie also caused a scandal for (at the time) Cosby girl Lisa Bonet.<p>Mystery man Robert Deniro hires gumshoe Mickey Rourke to find a man who owes him a really big debt.  Big surprise twist in the end!  Heartbreaking scene when Rourke actually finds the man.  Mickey Rourke has been in many [bad] movies, but this is one of his best.  He gives a great performance.  Deniro is pretty scary in the end also.<p>Give this movie a chance.
I won't go into the details of the movie as they have been<br />stated.<br /> What a great piece of work by Mickey Rourke,the Pope of Greenwich Village,Diner,Barfly are his best work and this is right up there,at one time being compared to James Dean and Marlon Brando(In France he is their &quot;James Dean&quot;) what a shame that he is no longer getting offered roles like this.<br /> A movie that needs to watched more than once to really appreciate the detail that Alan Parker puts into this movie.<br />Incredible acting along with a haunting,twisting plot makes this a superb movie.highly recommended.
