this movie is a surprisingly delightful comedy.  any movie that makes you laugh is great
I got the product faster than I expected. I am very pleased with the whole process.
Julia Roberts stars as the Commitment Phobic who finds that her best friend (Dermott Mulroney) is getting married. They had a pact that if neither of them had a partner they would marry each other. Julia is shocked to hear he is getting married and she is to be the "Best Man"!<br />She tries all means of underhandedness (if there is such a word) to derail the relationship. Cameron Diaz is the completely unsuitable (according to Julia) bride to be. She is everything Julia is not, ready to give up her career and all she loves for her man.<br />The addition of the gay other best friend(Rupert Everett) and sluttish members of the brides family make for great comedy. A light hearted easy to watch movie.
While this is not your typical romance, it is in fact the differences that make this a true masterpiece. The movie starts with Roberts having a meal with her good friend and editor George. (George happens to be gay.) It is interesting that George is not ashamed of being gay, but he doesn't scream it from the rooftops either. He is to be the voice of reason in this comedy of mishaps.<br /><br />Roberts is happy to get a call from her former romantic partner Michael. But this soon turns to panic when she realizes that he is marrying Kimmy. (Roberts is getting an invitation to the wedding.) George tries to calm roberts down, but to no avail. She is determined to break the wedding. Whether we are routing for Roberts or find her actions cruel, somehow we get the impression that she is fighting a doomed uphill battle.<br /><br />We meet Kimmy, and we have no reason to doubt that they are a proper match. To be sure, there is one weak point that Roberts finds and exploits, but let's be fair. What relationship doesn't have some weak point?<br /><br />Roberts realizes that her plans have backfired, and she desperately calls George for help. George tries to be a friend to Roberts, but his patience wears down when he sees her new plan. (Pretending she is engaged to George to make Michael jealous.) While George plays along, it is clear that he has had it with this whole thing. He nails the crux of the matter when he says: "Do you really love him, or this just about winning?"<br /><br />Roberts then starts to lie about George. Her determination to win this lost cause has caused her to lie about the one man who really cares about her. It is interesting that when we see Michael and Roberts together, we can infer their relationship had serious flaws. There is usually (if not always) a visible tension. In a final desperate attempt to stop the wedding, Roberts does something that is not only deceptive and cruel, but flat out illegal. (Fraud to say the least.)<br /><br />Only then does her conscience start to wake up. But even though she is learning that there is more to life than our own passions and desires, she still fights to win this man who doesn't love her. (This is underlined in a comical, but tragic car chase.)<br /><br />Only after Roberts realizes her cruelty as well as her absurd actions does she realize that if someone doesn't love you, you can't make them.<br /><br />This movie is a masterpiece complete with a great story, superb acting, and a harmonious mixture of comedy and tragedy. But even more than that, it underlines that TRIUMPH comes NOT always from getting what we want, but reaching the point where we can see beyond our passions and desires to do what is right.<br /><br />While there is a certain sadness in the restoration of order, we also know it is right. But joy reenters when George proves himself to be a real friend, and is there for her.
My Best Friend's Wedding is probably Julia Roberts best romantic comedy, even better than Pretty Woman. Dermont Mulroney, Cameron Diaz, and Rupert Everett also star in this tale of a food critic played by Roberts who is invited to intend her best friend's upcoming nupitals, but the thing is she is in love with her best friend and tries everything in her power to break up the wedding. I won't give away the ending but this is actually a good and solid romantic comedy and I think everyone who decides to watch will throughly enjoy it. Good luck!
I enjoyed this deliteful romantic comedy.I am not much of a Julia Roberts fan But I enjoyed her in this movie.
I hold this movie close to my heart, why you may ask? Because I was going thru the same thing Julia Roberts was going thru in this movie. I was in love with someone who did not belong to me. It was a hot affair 10 years ago that ended disastrously, and I ended up the loser at the end. The lesson here is, Life Goes ON. Julia's performance was so true and honest, she always steals my heart. Great movie!
Thanks for getting this DVD to me while I am stationed over seas.
I was very glad this movie didn't end up being a silly romance and break the couple up just to rekindle an old relationship! A good watch for a dull Saturday afternoon.
Jules Potter is in love with her bdest friend Micheal, but he is about to marry someone else.  Jules will do anything to mess up his big day.  This movie is loads of fun and laughs.  When they break out into song in one scene, you can't help but sing along.  I love this movie and watch it often.  It's one of my favorites with Roberts next to Pretty Woman.
One of my favorite Roberts movies, and just the way I like her: funny and romantic. The plot is not original but the characters breathe new life into this complex problem of how to steal a man. I loved Diaz, her best role to date if you ask me. The entire movie is a blast, but has an almost disappointing ending.<p>Great DVD lots of features, great movie, great soundtrack.
This movie was excellent.  It had comedy, love, and sad moments.  And it when totally against what I expected to happen!!  I am ashamed to say that I wanted the main guy to dump Cameron!!  <p>All in all, a great film.  I don't own it, but I just might buy it.
Lovely girls, handsome men, humorous, beautiful and romantic story. I do enjoy watching this movie. I like George's dialogue a lot (not because he is gay!). But I am curious about one thing and feel not so right about another.<p>Why Michael is so attractive to those two girls? This is an unexplained point in this movie. Of course we don't need to say everything in a movie, but just from my impression of THIS man in THIS movie, I don't feel that he has more charm than any other man on this planet. While I feel George really has some charisma: warm heart to friend, witty, active when necessary and mature, good looking. Bu Michael seems a very self-center guy. When his own career was touched, he was irritated, and wanted to break up with Kimmy. He has only himself in this movie, and the marriage is like his patronage to the girl loves him. I don't understand why he LOVES Kimmy in this movie, but I can see he loves Jule, pretty much.
How can someone fail to love Julia Roberts in this movie?!!<p>It is a light romantic commedy of a woman got driven by her buried emotions. She tries everything to get her lover back before he gets married... although Julia Roberts becomes evil but you can never hate her because you feel for her and you see how she trembles down!<p>She's face to face with her lover and his sweet bride whom she have no excuse to hate except that she's marrying her lover! An internal conflict, an emotional contradiction... and a love burning her down!<p>Oh Julia Roberts facial expressions are so touchy. In this movie you LAUGH, CRY and will enjoy it again and again!
After a five-years Break (!!!) Julia Roberts is back! Cooler, sexier, funnier and better than ever! Julia Roberts has 5 days to get to New York, to destroy a relationship and to fall in love with the man she always loved! Does it this sound easy to you?! Well it isn't and Jules has a lot of work to do...<p>So sit back and enjoy this review of... My Best Friend's Wedding:<p>When Jules (Julia Roberts) arrives in NY with her Gay friend (Rupert Everett)the new fiance (Cameron Diaz) of Michael (Dermot Mulroney), Jules biggest love ever, comes over to her and tells her that they are gonna be the best friends ever! And they are getting friends...Yeah right! of course not! Jules will continue her evil plan! <p>This Movie has some unforgettable scenes! It is surely a Movie you won't forget! Ever! It's great! Trust me! Julia just bangs! And Cameron Diaz... well she's cute! But Julia is cuter (I'm saying this because I am one of her biggest young fans, since seven years!!!) <p>Buy this DVD. Watch it! With your girl- or boyfriend or just with some good friends! But for God sake... watch it!
Julia Roberts is an acerbic restaurant critic with just a few days to sabotage a boyfriend's wedding so she can grab the guy for herself.  Flying to Chicago for the wedding, and keeping her agenda secret from all but her real best friend, Rupert Everett, she meets Kim (Cameron Diaz), her apparent rival.  Impeccably sweet, pretty and noble, Kim latches onto Roberts' character clueless as to every plot thrown her way.  Without an ounce of guile, and completely by accident, Kim manages to unwittingly outwit each scheme Roberts throws her way, forcing the critic to resort to ever crueler (and actually uninventive) plans.  Dermot Mulroney plays the guy they fight over, though he seems too cold a guy to have ever fallen for Diaz's seemingly bottomless sunniness.  Rupert Everett practically steals the movie as the only person Roberts is honest to...about anything.  The humor doesn't depend so much on jokes as it does on Roberts' charachter confronting, if not at war with, the sweetness being bombarded on her from everybody in the wedding party.  Still worth an evening of fun.
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. I related to Juliann most of the way. In fact, I guessed most of what she did, some she didn't. It was an eye opener. Sometimes we don't realize what we have in our backyard until it's too late. Very funny, fast paced, not to mention, some very good looking people. The &quot;singing&quot; table scene was a bit far fetched, however, very humourous indeed. Be careful with who you watch this with. When I watched it with an &quot;ex&quot;boyfriend, he was surprised I had such a devious mind. Sit back, relax and enjoy some great laughs. Oh, some might want to have a kleenex close by, just in case.
This movie showcases two super talents. One being Julia Roberts and other, Rupert Everett. Surprised.. don't be.. just look out for &quot;George&quot; and you will know why I have been talking about Mr.Everett rather than  concentrating on praising Ms Roberts sky-high. Julia Roberts does a  brilliant job of a girl who is on the brink of falling in love(with Dermot  Mulroney) and realises it a tad too late. And then Ms. Roberts does  everything to mess up things between Dermot and Ms Diaz. <p>This movie is  definitely going to steal a smile from your countenance and make you giggle  like a 16-year old. <p>Ms Roberts enacts the role of a  &quot;desparado&quot; with a finesse incomparable. The surprise package of  the movie is Rupert Everett in a role of Julia's Editor. He is  outstandingly funny and stylish, especially in the last scene. Of the  others, the less said the better. Dermot Mulroney is as stone faced as a  stone-aged caveman. Diaz is screechingly irritating but endearing in some  scenes.<p>All in all, a movie that will tickle the funny bone in you.
This movie kicks butt!  I only wish I had two friends like Micheal and George!  You can't help but smile at this movie.  The songs are awesome too-especially their own rendition of &quot;I say a little prayer for  you&quot;.  Rupert Everett steals every scene he's in and will completly  steal your heart. You should definetly see this.
So what if this movie doesn't have the most plausible plot! It's not supposed to. When people ask me what my favorite movie is, I tell them this one without a second's hesitation. I think I saw it 7 times at the theater.  It reminds you of the first time you told somebody you liked them and how  nervous you were. I do like the ending because it brings the movie back to  reality. You don't always win. To anyone who likes this movie, I would  suggest seeing &quot;Fools Rush In&quot; and &quot;Return to Me.&quot;
The only thing I really didn't like about this movie (and it's only a trivial detail) was the opening credits with this girl group in bridal outfits singing that old 50's song (which I can't recall the name of right  now).  Maybe it's just me, but I found it annoying.  Others may find it  amusing.  Anyway, the movie itself is great.  Julia Roberts finds out her  best friend is getting married, but wants to break it up.  That's the basic  premise.  The laughs come fast and furious when she takes off to break up  the marriage.  She ends up becoming friends with the bride (Cameron Diaz)  and turning everyone's life upside down.  It's a great Julia Roberts movie.  But, let's not forget Rupert Holmes who did such a wonderful job as  Roberts' gay friend, who comes to save the day with a flamboyant charm  (including a hilarious group sing-along of Dionne Warwick's &quot;I Say A  Little Prayer For You&quot;).  And, don't miss the scene where a member of  the wedding party gets her tongue stuck to an ice sculpture of Nude David  (guess where).  The only flaw I can see in the film (and it's a big one) is  the character of Michael, the friend getting married. (For the life of me,  I can't remember the actor's name.) His whole character, and perhaps it's  in the talent of the actor, is weak, uninteresting, and lacking any depth  at all, not to mention that distracting scar on his face.  His lack of  depth might go unnoticed except that he's one of the main characters.  Fortunately, Roberts and Holmes pick up the slack and make it a wonderfully  funny film.
First of all...I loved it! Talk about a film that anyone willenjoy, this is it. For those close-minded movie-goers who think thatthis film is just for &quot;women-only&quot; or that you should go see it &quot;just to please your significant other&quot;, then you are completely wrong. <p>You will like, if not love this film. The humor is funny, the acting superb, and story believable. Julia Roberts and Dermot Mulroney are excellent as &quot;best friends&quot; and Rupert Everett's character will make you laugh out loud. <p>Anyone who has ever had a member of the opposite sex for a best friend will find that this movie hits a nerve...or should I say &quot;funny bone&quot;. It really is like banging your elbow on a chair arm and everyone around you begins to laugh, and then you begin to laugh, but deep down inside you are saying &quot;gosh darn it (or something similar) that really hurt&quot;. <p>If you think the film is going to be predictable...then think again...there are enough twists and turns to keep you guessing on the outcome. The film would be excellent for all ages. <p>Bottom line...call up your &quot;ex, old or current, opposite-sex best friend&quot;, get together, go see this movie, and throughout it you can jab each other in the side and say &quot;yep, that's something you would do&quot;....and afterwards, you will walk away and know why you could never have married each other...for it could have ruined a &quot;wonderful friendship&quot;.  END
If you have ever fallen in love this movie is for you.  It shows the ups and downs of what can happen if you get in the way of a wedding.  It shows how horrible we can get when we have our mind on one thing and try to kill  everything in our path.  It is a really good movie.  Julia Roberts is  really good.  The music they pick for it was good it went with what was  going on.  Every piece of film was needed in order to tell the story.  It  will make you think about who to make your best friend.
The opening credits ("Wishin' and Hopin'") and Rupert Everett are the only reasons to watch this movie. Everett not only looks good but is sympathetic and witty. The only word for the other male star is "dumb." He looks dumb, he sounds dumb, he acts dumb.<br /><br />There's a truly awful scene in which Cameron Diaz does a karaoke rendition of "I Say a Little Prayer for You," humiliating herself and everyone else except her dumb fiance, who thinks she's adorable. Why Julia Roberts would have had the slightest interest in this guy is a mystery that is never solved.
It has Julia Roberts...nothing else needs to be said. Buy it!
THIS MOVIE IS A CLASSIC....IT HAS LINES THAT HAVE YOU REPEATING OVER AND OVER AGAIN....MY DAUGHTER AND I LOVE WATCHING THIS MOVIE TOGETHER...ITS A NICE FAMILY MOVIE.
First off, Julia Roberts to me is an actress who has become more beautiful with age even to this day. Having said that, I was anxious to see this movie because of her and Cameron Diaz. I have seen My Best Friend's Wedding three times and I must admit that I have viewed it differently each time I've seen it. What I mean by this is that I have never really been able to decide which woman the groom should end up with; his bride-to-be or his best friend. Granted, Julia does every rotten thing she can in this film to break up her best friend's wedding so from that viewpoint I favored him ending up with Cameron. On the other hand as one reviewer put it, Julia and her best friend had more chemistry than the groom and his bride-to-be so from that viewpoint I also favored him ending up with Julia. During the film, there are times when I rooted for Julia to get her man despite her despicable efforts to win him over yet other times I wanted Cameron to end up with the groom. This movie still entertains me even after knowing the outcome. Aside from the simple plot of breaking up the wedding, this film has good humor, good acting, a decent soundtrack, and is overall a believable chick flick for the most part. Even guys like myself should find it to be entertaining as I am normally picky when it comes to chick flicks. The special edition dvd is worth picking up if you haven't seen the features. One of the featurettes shows the original alternative ending which is much different from how the film originally ended. Which of the two endings are better? Only the viewer can decide. As for me, I'm not telling. Anyway, the bonus features are overall good and plentiful. The only problem is that the camera focus on one of the featurettes is somewhat off and distorts the picture a bit. Nothing too serious but very noticable. I suppose a sequel to this movie would have been interesting but then who knows how well it would turn out?
I love this movie. I am a helpless romantic and this movie is funny and just that, a romatic comedy. I watch it over and over.Julia  and Cameron fit together!!!!!
The best things one could say about this breeze-light romantic 'comedy' (ahem) are that it does not make any pretense of being what is clearly isn't (it's simply a J.Roberts vehicle and behaves like one) or that it probably ranks high on the Top Date-Movies list.<br /><br />Other than that, it's the hackneyed chickflick refrain -- she loves him, must get him, must break marriage, jealousy, hate, forgiveness, yada, and then some yada. There are moments so screwball they feel contrived and insipid.<br /><br />Rupert Everett is perhaps the one and only saviour who infuses life into the sap, but in the end he has less than a pivotal role. Not even random bursts of music (Diaz in a karaoke; or a huffed chorus of teenage boys getting high; or Rupert Everett breaking into a tune) can save the movie from being a trudge of girlie gook.<br /><br />Unless of course you enjoy films like Notting Hill or Wedding Planner, in which case this may be right up your alley.
I don't understand all the fuss about Julia Roberts, she doesn't play very well and she isn't even good looking! Cameron Diaz instead is magnificiant in her role, she's totaly convincing and really beautiful. This movie deserves 5 stars mainly because she's in it. The story is quite good, it's funny at times. If you want some entertainement or you want to see Cameron Diaz, buy this movie.
MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDDING is a hilarious romantic-comedy. Julia Roberts is truly at her best in this film as Julianne, a food critic who's long-time childhood best friend, Michael (Dermot Mulroney) is getting married to some other woman, just when Julianne starts to have feelings for him! The woman Michael is marrying is Kimberly (Cameron Diaz), a college student with a fillthy-rich father. Julianne is hopelessly in love with Michael, so to get Michael back, Julianne must find a way to stop the wedding and make Michael fall in love with Julianne herself! She gets her partner and friend, George (Rupert Everett), to help her win over Michael. The ending is actually surprising, because you'd think Julianne wins back Michael, but she actually doesn't. So it is good to see the protagonist in a film to not get what they want in the end, but can still have a happy ending. The whole cast is absolutely superb! And one of my favorite scenes is when Julianne and George pretend that they just got engaged (George is really gay), and while meeting Kimberly's family for dinner and they ask how George proposed to Julianne, George starts singing the song "I Say A Little Prayer", and then everyone else in the cast starts joining in, except for Julianne and Michael. It's a very funny movie with a witty script. If you have not yet seen MY BEST FRIENDS WEDDING, then what are you waiting for? But definitely get the special edition DVD for this movie because it's better than the other DVD. I just love MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING! Great date movie, too. A must see.
Dont get me wrong.This isnt a bad film.its not a excellent one either.<br />Julia roberts came across as pathetic,and a little unlikeable,as she tried to steal her best friend from his marriage to kimmy(cameron diaz).there are quite a few good scenes in this film.The restaraunt scene is very enjoyable,where the whole table erupts with singing.<br />it is a very bitty film in my opinion,all over the place.<br />dont expect a typical romance,because you will be sorely dissapointed.
Julia Roberts may not have been able to steal the heart of the groom, but she sure did steal the audiences' hearts. This romantic comedy is funny and touching. Not just Roberts, but the entire cast is surely working at their  best during this film. I love this movie, and I never get tired of watching  it over and over. If you are a fan of movies like Runaway Bride, Ghost,  etc., then make sure that you at least rent this movie for yourself.
I have always been a fan of Julia Roberts and the movies she stars in - her smile is infectious, it lights up the screen. In 1997, she made a comeback with a starring role in the romantic comedy My Best Friend's Wedding. The film went on to become one of the most successful girly movies of the whole decade, and after watching it earlier tonight on TV, it's not hard to see why. It still holds up seven years later. The comedy is fresh, funky and slick. The plot is nothing original, but it holds up brilliantly because of the film's four main stars. You have Julia Roberts, of course, who is no doubt a future Hollywood legend. Then there's Cameron Diaz in one of her best film roles - not quite topping her sexual cameo in The Mask three years earlier, but still bringing much humour to her role. Rupert Everett and Dermot Mulroney are the two main male actors and also do their roles justice.<br /><br />Julia Roberts plays Julianne Potter, a fast-talking confident Chicago food critic who used to date Michael O'Neal (Dermot Mulroney) in their college days. They since broke up after nine years and moved apart. They made a pact, however, that if by the age of 28 they both were not married, then they would marry each other. When Julianne receives a call from Michael three weeks before that pact deadline, she assumes he is ringing to get back with her. However, Michael is calling to introduce Julianne to his seemingly wonderful, irritatingly perfect fiancee Kimberly Wallace (Cameron Diaz) and announce their wedding which is taking place in just three days. That leaves Julianne three short days to break up the marriage and win back the man she has only just realised she loved all along. She will either win or lose - that's the conclusion. Ronald Bass' perfectly-constructed screenplay keeps the viewer on the edge, forever guessing if she will win her battle. Julianne's gay friend George Downes (Rupert Everett) agrees to help her, but only to a certain extent, and he is a hilarious asset to the comedic intentions put forth by the writers of the film.<br /><br />The film's plot seems at times far-fetched, and it is, but this is a light-hearted, romantic comedy with many clich&eacute;s built in for good measure! The comedy is spot-on - there aren't many laugh out loud moments, but more of a continual giggle-fest that will have you smiling for most of the film. Julia Roberts is a certain crowd-puller. People from all over the world will flock to see her movies, and this one was exception. Cameron Diaz was half the superstar in this film that she is today, and her glowing smile and charasmatic confidence shines through in her ditzy role. Rupert Everett reminds me of Hugh Grant in this film, which can be no bad thing!<br /><br />The film has many memobrable scenes, including Kimberely's hilarious karoke nightclub performance of "I Just Don't Know What To Do With Myself." The restaurant hilarity of the group's performance of Dianne Warwick's "I Say A Little Prayer" is also perfectly executed, with only professional directors pulling it off - amateurs could have easily messed it up big time. The big city bread truck chase is hilarious, and the film has many touching moments. Julianne's constantly foiled attempts to sabotage the impending wedding are brilliant too: most notably the e-mail/falling off the chair scene. This film is pure comedic brilliance. It could have easily fallen flat on its face, but it didn't because of the right balance between fresh actors and excellent dialogue.
Alternative Review Title: "It's a sculpture of the David"<p>At the time of its release, this was one of the freshest, funniest screwball comedies in a long time.  Having watched it on video a few years later, I find it unfortunate that some of the luster has worn off.  Perhaps seeing it in a theater with a good crowd was the difference; perhaps it's actually noticing how much larger the cellphones in 1997 were than the ones today.  (And what about in five more years . . . ?)<p>This is not to say that it's not a good movie.  It is, and the director and writer are to be commended for so many different, wonderful touches (the shadowed boat scene and smoking bellhop scene come to mind).  Julia Roberts, beautiful and vibrant as always, shines as a New York food critic summoned on short notice by her best (male) friend, a former lover and possible soulmate (Dermot Mulrooney), to provide moral support at his wedding in Chicago.  The plot revolves around Roberts' often backfiring efforts to break up the wedding and claim the groom for herself, usurping his rich, blonde, "perfect" fiancee Kimmie (Cameron Diaz), who may be more than she seems.  Rupert Everett virtually steals the show as Roberts' gay friend George, who alternates between mildly assisting in the scheme and functioning as her counselor and conscience.  A variety of characters, from the normal to the bizarre, round out the wedding party.  (Note: the Amazon.com Essential Review is incorrect when it names Roberts' character as a Chicago food critic.  It's clearly stated at one point that she's from NY, and she has to fly to the wedding.  I mean, Chicago's big, but still . . .)<p>A solid 3-1/2 to 4 star effort.  Recommended for fans of Roberts and those looking for a film that incorporates both comedy and romance without quite being a romantic comedy--in other words, an energetic, bittersweet blend with a beautiful anti-heroine whose actions and motivations provoke sympathy and concern in equal measure.  With music, dancing, singing, a chase in a bread truck and an ice sculpture of Michelangelo's David, this one just about has it all.  A trustworthy rental or bargain purchase.
MY BEST FRIENDS WEDDING is a fun romantic comedy that stars Julia Roberts, Cameron Diaz, Rupert Evert and Dermot Mulroney. The story involves Juliette (Julia Roberts), a food critic who realizes she loves her best friend Michael (Dermot Mulroney). Juliette finds out that Michael is getting married and decides to go to stop the wedding from happening, and to try to win him back. From the get go, Juliette is scheming to put a wedge between Michael and his fianc&eacute; Kimmy (Cameron Diaz). Her plans are often foiled and ultimately in the end, in a poignant moment, her friend George (Rupert Everett) asks her if she is chasing Michael and he is chasing Kimmy, who is chasing her?  There are some real fun moments in the movie, like when Juliette pretends she is engaged to her gay friend in order to make Michael jealous. They end up singing "Say A Little Prayer" at breakfast. The movie is enriched by a great cast who have chemistry. Julia Roberts convincingly plays Juliette, who should be the enemy, but you end up rooting for her even through her hatched plans. Overall a fun romantic comedy fans of the genre should love.
Before seeing this movie I wasn't much of a Julia Roberts fan. But now I am! I thought she played an excellent part. As well as the other characters. In the beginning I predicted what I thought was going to happen. I was completely wrong! That's one reason why I liked it so much. I also liked how the suspense kept you in the movie. Like what she was going to next and if she would ever get Michael. I also liked the part at the restaurant where they sing &quot;I'll Say a Little Prayer for you&quot;.
this is the best movie i have ever seen! it makes me cry just thinking about it... i really recomend buying this movie cause its da bomb.. no seriously! if your the kind of person that loves to cry and loves sad  movies.. this is the movie for you! although this movie is suposed to be a  comedy it is also very sad.. even if i watch it twice in a row it still  makes me cry cause i feel so sorry for Julia Roberts... :( well good  luck... as i said again... its REALLY!  a good movie
I have to admit that this is one of my favorite movies. It is an absolutely hilarious, romantic comedy. The story was based on an interesting love triangle composed of Julianne (Julia Roberts), Michael (Dermot Mulroney) and Kimberly (Cameron Diaz).  Julianne and Michael have been great friends forever.  They even dated and made a pact to marry (if neither found someone years later).  At the beginning of the movie, Michael calls Julianne to inform and invite her to his wedding.  Immediately, Julianne becomes overwhelmed with jealousy and plans to break up the happy couple.  Michael and Kimberly completely trust Julianne and do not suspect her plan.  In fact, Julianne's meddling seems to make the couple's relationship even stronger.  Kimberly seems to be the perfect fiance in every way. She is willing to do whatever it takes to make her man happy even if she has to sacrifice her own happiness. She also seems to be very naive because she never really knew what her fiance's best friend was up to until the end of the movie. (I guess that is the whole point of the movie.) The dialogue was good and full of laughs.<br /><br />If you liked Notting Hill or Runaway Bride, you will love this movie. I highly recommend this movie for anyone who likes romantic comedies or is getting married in the near future.
julia roberts is not good at all,but diaz is perfect even if her musical skills are not revealed. the story is funny, so buy this movie
1997 couldnt of happened without this movie!!! funny!! Julia Roberts and Camron Diaz are great in this film!!! Must have!! I cant believe its almost 10 years since it came out. Feels like yesterday when i first saw it.
I received the item in perfect condition and the shipping was qucik, as well.  Thank you!
This is one of my favorite movies.I've watched it over and over again 'coz I was captivated by the story and cast. I really loved this flick,it's really hilarious,and cute!  Julia looks great in the movie,and she truly  did a good job.This is the kind of movie that makes you laugh and gets you  thinking  what you really want,and who you are.Go watch it!
I don't get what's so great about this movie.  I found it to be a huge let down.  This is an ultimately disappointing film despite good performances from all of the leads.  The premise is simple, Jules and Mike have a passionate affair in their college days, this then becomes 'best friendship' in no small part due to Jules commitment phobia. One day Jules gets a call from Mike to say that he is getting married in four days and inviting her to the wedding. At this point Jules realizes just how much she really loves Mike and determines to split-up Mike and Kim. The film follows her efforts to do this. However, at every turn she is thwarted by the happy couple who get back together.<br /><br />This film has the good grace to make Julia Roberts character finally admit that she behaved like a semi-psychopath, but even then that confession is wrapped in pseudo-romantic humour which implies: 'Aw, shucks, well that's OK then.'<br /><br />Unfortunately not really worth watching. A pity, because it could have been much better, with its unusual take as a non-feelgood romantic comedy.
This is my daughter's all-time favorite movie and has been on her wish list since she started it. I was happy to FINALLY get a copy for her. It arrived in excellent condition and very promptly. The seller was great and my daughter has already selected her charmingly handsome gay escort should her "best" friend-boy marry.
IT'S JUST A GREAT MOVIE....SHOWS US THE FOIBLES OF LIFE AND HOW EVERYTHING GOES OUT THE WINDOW WHEN MR. RIGHT COMES ALONG.  JULIA ROBERTS IS PERFECT IN THIS ROLE AND DERMOT MULRONEY CAN HOLD HIS OWN ON SCREEN WITH HER. LOVE CAMERON DIAZ AS THE 'OTHER WOMAN'.  PATS ON THE BACK FOR THE CAST SELECTIONS HERE, NOBODY PLAYS A BAD PART.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED I HAVE VIEWED IT MANY TIMES AND I WILL WATCH IT MANY MORE TIMES IN THE FUTURE.
This is a really good romantic movie. I love Rupert in this movie. And I am so glad that Julia's character failed to break up her best friend's wedding. I also thought Cameron Diaz was good. The ending is simply the best.
My Best Friend's wedding (1997) is just heart breaking. Do not watch this movie if you want someone you cannot have or just broke up. It is depressing. From the beginning Jules (Julia Roberts) explains how much of a heartbreaker she is. She had dated and left many men. She is independent and career focused. Earlier in college, she turned down her best friend/boyfriend when he wanted their relationship to get serious. Now, twenty-eight, she reflects on the relationship they had. She decides to get in contact with Michael. She expected him to wait for her until she decides she is ready for marriage since he had loved her so much. Basically Jules is the type who is scared of commitment and becomes restless. Then she realizes that Michael was perfect compared to other men. She says she always wanted him, but does not take action until she learns he is about to get married to the annoyingly perfect Kimmy (Cameron Diaz).  Apparently Jules had problems with public affection and sentimental values. It was hard for her to admit she was in love. Quite frankly I find the relationship with Michael and Jules weird. They decided to stay best friends forever. I think it takes a lot of respect to keep that sort of relationship going. Usually couples loose that when they split. Jules' gay best friend comes to help. "He was in love with me every day for nine years ", Jules tells him.  "Do you love him or is this just about winning" George replies. It was tough figuring this out. The hilarious part for me, the comedy part, finally was when George had to pretend he was not gay. George is hilarious. I love how classy and elegant he is. I love the scenes where he tries his best to embarrass Jules. I enjoyed his performances the best out of the whole movie.  The fight scene at the baseball field between Kimmy and Jules was entertaining, but I would have like to see more physical fighting. The film is fairly done. My Best Friend's wedding covers deep issues and I found it quaint. The wardrobe and cell phones were great.  I love movies from the 90s for that.
I enjoy Julia Roberts films - such as <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00003IPFQ">Runaway Bride</a>.  This film is not the most challenging or original role she's ever played, but it is well-acted, beautifully photographed and wickedly funny.<br /><br />I must admit that I am not a big fan of films where people make fools of themselves: I tend to squirm in my seat, hide my eyes and groan when confronted with scenes where this happens.  I did lots of that in this film as Ms. Roberts' character, Food Critic Julianne Potter, tries to derail the planned wedding of her best friend Michael (who is played by Dermot Mulroney).  Each attempt only gets her into a deeper quagmire, she finally calls on her editor and close friend George (Rupert Everett) who sees right through her, and so loyally, thoughtfully and sometimes gleefully assists her descent into the comedic morass she has made for herself.  Cameron Diaz as Kimberly, the Bride to be, also gives us a taste of the comedic and dramatic talent that has made her such a success since this film was made.<br /><br />Aside from Mr. Mulroney's performance, which seemed a bit wooden, this film provides us with top notch performances from all of it's main actors.  There are also a slew of familiar faces who did great work in supporting roles, such as M. Emmet Walsh as the father of the groom; Philip Bosco as father of the Bride and a young Chris Masterson as the bride's younger brother.  Most of the exterior scenes were shot in Chicago.  It was enjoyable, as a former resident of the region, to see many of my favorite spots in the city on screen.<br /><br />While some of the situations engineered by Julianne to win back Michael seemed a bit far fetched, overall, the film's intent is to give us an enjoyable "chick flick" with a good hearted ending, and it succeeds.  I give this film kudos for not playing games with the audience, for the excellent technical work, and solid performances.  Even though my own personal tastes mean I'll probably avoid this film in the future, I did have some good laughs while watching it.  For most, I see "My Best Friend's Wedding" as a good film to watch some evening with your "best friend" on TV, via Amazon's "Unbox" Service (you can use this link: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000T4ETI6">My Best Friend's Wedding</a>), or buy the DVD.  Four Stars!
I just find this an absolutely delightful film. It's very well cast and although the storyline goes from the sublime to the ridiculous, it's still manages to keep you entertained.
Sharp-witted and genuinely engaging, `My Best Friend's Wedding' is a surefire hit for anyone interested in a crowd pleasing romantic comedy.  It has a few missteps, that's a give in, but the charming performances and blissful ending (not one you might expect) make up for the few errors in judgment.<br /><br />The film tells the story of Julianne Potter, a successful woman approaching thirty who is afraid of falling in love.  Truth be told, she is in love, with Michael O'Neal, her best friend of over nine years.  The two had once been together but quickly fell apart only to realize that they were too close to be lovers.  When Michael calls to inform Julianne he is engaged she is suddenly thrown into panic mode as she realizes that she needs to be with Michael.  She flies off for the wedding with one plan in mind; to break up the happy couple.  She never expected Kim, Michael's fianc&eacute;e, to be as sweet and perfect as she was, but her perfection was only more fuel to the fire.<br /><br />Julianne does everything in her power to ruin the relationship between Michael and Kim, but everything she does only seems to bring them closer together.  Her closest friend George comes to her aid, but even his help makes little impact.  It isn't until Julianne goes too far that she realizes if she truly loves this man, she just may need to let him go.<br /><br />The performances are all top notch, especially from Roberts, Diaz and Everett.  Julia is always a delight, and her catty humor here is brilliantly sarcastic and genuine to say the least.  The one fault I found with this film (aside from the corny opening sequences) is that the character of Julianne is almost so evil you forget that you are supposed to like her.  Julia does her best to make this character relatable and likable, but the script doesn't help her out too much and we wind up hating her in parts.  Sure, she turns around in the end and earns our love, but getting there can be rough.  Diaz and Everett have our unwavering love and devotion throughout the entire film though, each of them delivering spunky, funny and honest performances.  Diaz is a comedic gem who devours her `ditzy girl' character with warmth and Everett takes his `sidekick' character to another level with scene stealing wit and comedic timing (the whole `singing in the restaurant' and the last dance scene are prime examples of his brilliance).<br /><br />I'm really not a fan of Mulroney.  He's serviceable, but that's about it.  He was really the other misstep.  I just didn't find him interesting enough to be the object of these two women's affections.  Both women, in their own ways, are real catches.  Julianne is confident and successful and devoted, and Kim is beautiful and spontaneous and vibrant.  Michael was kind of a dud.  It's a good thing the film is less interested in him and more interested in the other characters.<br /><br />I will say, I really enjoyed this movie.  Sure, I hated Julianne in parts, but maybe that was the point (I don't think it was, but the minor misstep is forgivable in the end).  The script is really funny, and that makes up for a lot ("I could be jello").  I recommend this movie to any fan of the genre or the star, for Roberts is at the top of her game.
I normally don't do the romantic comedy thing. And I am not a fan of Julia Roberts. But this film wasn't all that bad. It has a good pace and did keep my interest for most of it. It doesn't follow the normal 'formula', if you will,<br />of the typical romantic comedy movie and sort of leaves you guessing. The acting is good, I could even stand Julia Roberts. Cameron Diaz and Rupert Everett have great supporting roles and are both a blast to watch in this.<br /><br />All in all, a decent comedy with a few good moments and not as predictable as most.
I love this movie!! One of my all time favorite movies with a bitter sweet ending so to speak. I love all the actresses/actors that are in it, they did a great job!!
Movie was cute and I only bought it because I'm a HUGE Dermot Mulroney fan.  I didn't like this as much as the Wedding Date.
Julia Robert is a friend to a guy who is about to get married.<br />There's one problem she loves him, she tries to break up the wedding.<br />And in the process she figures out that he's truly in love with her.<br />At the end the wedding was a success, and Julia falls for a different<br />guy at the reception.<br />I rate this DVD a 5 of 5 stars!!
I just love it!  It's a romantic comedy which was enjoyable to watch and would watch it again and again!  I love the humor and some singing done in the movie.
This film has become a classic in the contempory girl orientated romantic comedy genre we know as the chick flick. I watched it again, for the first time in ages, recently and I genuinley can't remember many movies of its kind that show such honesty. Julia Roberts is brilliant, and I loved seeing her in a character that wasn't oozing charm and lovliness, and whose opinions weren't always correct. Cameron Diaz was breaking slowly into Hollywood around this time, and this film was a clear example of just why she is so succesful. Maybe I'm being a little harsh only rating it as a 3, but to be honest it isn't one of my favourite ever films. However, it is a film that pleases you with its deserved ending and will always be a well known girlie movie.
I never saw the this when it was released years ago basically b/c it seemed like a chick flick that wouldn't interest me.<br /><br />It was on television recently and I caught the latter half of it (I now ordered the DVD b/c I want to see it all).  Normally I wouldn't write a review until seeing the whole movie but I was truly blown away by some of the scenes, the clever writing and some of the performances.<br /><br />There's a scene on a boat with Julia Roberts that was right out of a Hollywood romance classic.  I don't want to spoil it nor build it up too much... but just after watching the scene I was like... wow, that was ...beautiful.  IMHO it was an example of movie making at it's best.<br /><br />So then I was hooked -and kept watching to find it's a great flick that I should have allowed myself to see years ago.  Julia Roberts is a modern day Katherine Hepburn in this movie, she acts so incredibly well... balancing subtle expressions and comical ones perfectly to each scene.  She's a gem.<br /><br />The film isn't for everyone, but if you like clever romantic comedies "My Best Friends Wedding" should not be missed.
Julia Robert's character, Julianne, sums up the entire movie in one line near the end; 'Since I got here, I have done nothing but underhanded, despicable, not even terribly imaginative things.'<br /><br />That's not to say that there are not some very funny moments in this movie, most of which are musical.  The opening credits are a brilliant rendition of "Wishin' and a Hopin', the karaoke bar scene where a young, scene-stealing Cameron Diaz puts everything into an off-key, "Don't know what to do with myself", the restaurant scene with a wonderful ensemble "Say a Little Prayer."  Heck, even the helium-balloon singing is funny.<br /><br />But overall the movie consists of watching as Julia Robert's character does 'nothing but underhanded, despicable, not even terribly imaginative things', before the obvious redemption at the end.
He absolutely steals the movie away from under Julia's feet in this! He's outstanding as Julia's best friend. Although he's a clich&eacute; (the elegant, intelligent, witty and cultivated gay man), he emerges as a real person and has some of the best lines and definitely the best scene in the restaurant, where they all sing "I say a little prayer for you". (I can watch this scene over and over and not get fed up!) The music is another plus in the movie, really carefully chosen not just to support the scene but take an active part in the story.<br /><br />There's not much to hate about this movie. It's one of those very cheery movies, that instantly put a smile on your face. However I HATE the opening credits (as one reviewer before me said, if you hate the opening credits, you'll hate the movie - not true) and I hate Cameron Diaz in this. Hate the hair, hate the look, hate the character, hate the fact she's such a pushover. I also hate the fact you see Julia smoking in this movie, I would have thought she had loads more sense than that, lets hope she's given up for the sake of her unborn twins.<br /><br />The pacing is great with hardly a slowdown in the entire movie. Those times the movie does lessen the pace for a moment are to showcase a tender moment between Julia & Dermot Mulroney. A particularly bittersweet scene is when Julia & Dermot's characters share an afternoon taking a cruise through Chicago's downtown river. They share a song, a hug and look into each other's eyes and we as the audience wait to see if they profess their true love for each other, but the moment passes as they pass under a bridge and into the shadows and we realize that moments are fleeting and love can be fickle.<br /><br />Some of the extras on this are pretty inventive for once, when it claims across the cover it's a special edition. Sometimes those can be a total let down. The extras include: new documentary: "Unveiled: The Making of My Best Friend's Wedding"; HBO Making-Of: "On the Set"; Wedding Do's and Don'ts - Helpful Hints for the Soon-to-Be Wed (very funny); My Best Friend's Wedding Album: Behind-the-Scenes Facts and Trivia and "Say a Little Prayer" sing-along.<br /><br />This is a great movie to be seen, particularly for Rupert Everett. I'm now sad enough to say I want to see The Next Best Thing - he plays a similar character in that. Alongside Madonna, but I can ignore her!
This is a kind-of real-life romantic comedy.  There is much criticism about the ending, but it's how real life turns out.  Julianne's (Roberts) fight to get her man is not necessarily reflective of true life--which is not a bad thing--but it's hilarious.  I recommend this movie if you want to cry and laugh in the same two hours.
Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts) has everything that is required to be a romantic comedy heroine - wild hair, a huge smile, a gay best friend (Rupert Everett) and a dilemma in her love life. Her best friend/ex-boyfriend, Michael (Dermot Mulroney) has just called her out of the blue, leaving a message on her answermachine telling her to call him - urgently. <p>Julianne remembers that years ago, she and Michael vowed to marry each other if they were both still single at 28. She's going to turn 28, and leaps to a happy conclusion. However, on returning his call, he drops the bombshell - he's getting married to somebody else. This weekend. Well, what's a girl to do? Armed with her afore-mentioned gay best friend, George, Julianne sets off to Chicago to see what she can do about breaking up the couple and securing Michael for herself. <p>His fianc&eacute;e, Kimmy (Cameron Diaz) is 20 years old and Barbie doll perfect. She doesn't even have a tiny flaw that Julianne can use against her. She is extra-super-nice to Julianne, giving her the position of Maid Of Honour within half an hour of meeting her and bringing all the defences down to admit to her that she is jealous of her relationship with Michael. <p>Julianne is ruthless. She'll do whatever it takes to get Michael back - and she does a lot of it. She tries to embarrass Kimmy at a karaoke bar, but despite a terrible singing voice Kimmy has chutzpah and wins the audience around. In a bid to make Michael jealous, she convinces George to pose as her husband which he does with pizzazz (describing their first meeting, he muses wistfully, "I knew we'd end up like this - like some glittering Doris Day-Rock Hudson extravaganza"). And finally she writes a nasty email to Michael's boss, supposedly from Kimmy's father.<p>This is the turning point of the movie. Up until now we have seen Julianne as the heroine and Kimmy as the foe who must be obliterated at all costs. And this is perhaps where we realise that maybe this isn't just another run-of-the-mill romantic comedy. But now, maybe we don't want Julianne to win any more. Maybe, just maybe, sweet Kimmy should be the one to end up with Michael. It's not so clear-cut now, and the script keeps us guessing until the end.<p>Roberts gives a great performance here, making Julianne sympathetic even when we don't like her very much. She doesn't have much chemistry with Mulroney as Michael, but then nor does Diaz; perhaps this is the point of the movie. However it is Rupert Everett who manages to steal almost every scene he is in. It's very enjoyable, and slightly black - but only if you want to see that side of it. One to watch.
OK, so the restaurant scene where everyone breaks out singing &quot;I Say A Little Prayer&quot; is cute.  But this is NOT the strikingly original comedy it's touted to be.  I mean, it ends with a chase scene for crying out loud (and who but Julia Roberts would not be facing grand theft auto--or grand theft bread van--charges after such a stunt).  From the director of the delightfully off-beat &quot;Muriel's Wedding,&quot; I expected more.  Well, it is possible to do weddings to death and maybe that much can be said of P.J. Hogan's directorial efforts.<p>The attractive cast and the occasional chuckle make &quot;My Best Friend's Wedding&quot; worth seeing--once!  Unless you're a die-hard Julia Roberts or Cameron Diaz fan, it's hard to imagine wanting to own a copy.
MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING is definitely my favorite wedding film. With an all-star cast including Julia Roberts, Dermot Mulroney, Cameron Diaz, and Rupertt Everett, it makes this film even more worth-watching. Julianne (Roberts) is a food critic who soon realizes she loves her best friend, Michael (Mulroney), the day he decides to marry Kim, a perky blonde from a very wealthy family (Diaz). Determinded to win him back, Julianne will do anything to break up the couple's wedding - and she only has four days, with the help of her... friend, George (Everett). Every scheme to win Michael back is, of course, hilarious.<p>MY BEST FRIEND'S WEDDING is an excellent, feel-good romantic comedy about one who finds true love for the right person at the wrong time. Will Julianne win Michael? You'll have to see this to learn the answer! But it's actually very surprising at the end. This film is very original, too. This film is definitely worth watching!
This is one of my favorite movies of all time.  It's very sweet from beginning to end.  Julia Roberts plays Juliana, a former tomboy who finds out her best friend Michael (Dermott Mulroony) is getting married to a  younger woman, Kimmy (Cameron Diaz).  Juliana then realizes she's in love  with Michael and tries to stop the wedding.  It's a fun movie with romance  mixed with comedy.  It reallymakes you cry at the end.  If you like Notting  Hill, you'll love this too!
In my opinion, it isn't the character played by Dermot Mulroney who is the best friend of Julia Roberts' character. It is Rupert Everett, her gay friend. It is Rupert who flys out to support her in her travail over  Mulroney's upcoming marriage, giving her his time, his care and his  affection. What an amazing person! I love Julia Roberts and go to any movie  she makes, but the character she plays in this movie is immature and not  very sympathetic. However, it is the very immaturity of her character that  leads to all the conflict, so I can't complain too much! Overall, the movie  has some extremely funny moments.
Julia Roberts is the meddling woman who had her chance with the hero and wasted it, and now that he is about to be married, tries to snatch him from his wife-to-be. The meddling is both pathetic and reprehensible, and I am glad that the meddler ends up doing the right thing and the story ends as it should. Not heart-warming but enjoyable, with fantastically good looking male and female leads.
This is a great movie. I enjoy watching My Best Friends Wedding every time. I specially love the beginning when the four girls are singing a song and doing a little dance. Sometimes I will rewind that part a few times before watching the movie.
Julia Roberts does a great job of playing the bad guy and then redeeming herself. Cameron Diaz is great as well. If you're willing to take this for what it is then you will have a lot of fun watching this and be vastly entertained. This movie is 20 years old and it has aged very well. P.S. There are some musical interludes which made me smile.
I absolutely love this movie. Julia is adorable in it, and her character is really enjoyable (although the whole food critic thing was just a plot device to allow her to slip away to Chicago for a few days). Mulroney is sexy as hell, and the gay best friend is the end all be all to gay best friends.<br />The ending makes me cry every time to this day (along with the boat ride where she almost tells him she loves him), and it makes you just want everyone to find someone to love and be with and to enjoy life with.<br />Buy this, and watch it over and over when you need a pick me up. It is very funny (especially the "Say a Little Prayer" scene), and a great time!!!
This movie is great. I have watched it several times. The acting is great and there is alot of fun to be had.
I have to agree with the analysis of a recent reviewer who points out the self-centeredness of the lead characters in this Chicago-based tale.<br /> Food critic Julianne Potter (Julia Roberts) and sports broadcaster, Michael O'Neil(Dermot Mulroney)had promised while in college that they would marry each other if neither had married before they were 28, which right there makes love seem like a game where they are concerned.<br /> But three weeks before Julianne is to turn 28, Michael announces his engagement to a 20-year-old college student named Kimberly Wallace(the always sunny Cameron Diaz), much to Julianne's dismay, and realizing her own feelings for Michael, tries to sabotage the impending nuptials--a scenario which, with the skillful writing of Ronald Bass and the skillful direction of P.J. Hogan becomes one of humor and pathos, rather than just one of completely outright meanness and manipulation.<br /> Kimberly embraces Julianne, and after knowing her only a few minutes, makes her her Maid of Honor, a role she pretends to play while trying to create friction between the couple, using various methods,and lastly employing her gay friend, George Downes(Rupert Everett)to pose as her fiance, hoping to make Michael jealous.<br />  Much of this film's entertainment value comes from the well-chosen cast. Philip Bosco and Susan Sullivan portray the bride's dignified parents Walter and Isabelle Wallace,Rachel Griffiths and Carrie Preston are Samantha and Mandy Newhouse, like-dressing characters from the South, who will also serve as bridesmaids, Chris Masterson as the Best Man-to-be is a fairly shy, and awkward youth, although, along with a few peer group members, he gives one of the most amusing scenes in the movie, which involves helium,Paul Giamatti plays Richard, an empathetic bellman, Harry Shearer plays Jonathan P.F. Ritt, and M. Emmett Walsh plays Joe O'Neal.<br /> More delightful moments occur during an outing at a seafood restaraunt, where, while conjuring up a story behind their fake engagement, George leads everyone in singing Dionne Warwick's "I Say a Little Prayer", and when one of the bridesmaids gets her tongue stuck on an ice sculpture.<br />  Things come to a head when Julianne follows George's advice and finally reveals her true feelings as Kimberly stumbles upon the scene, and a viewer can only hope for some just resolution.<br />  For me, this film has called to mind the lyrics of a 1958 song by Don Cornell called "Play Some Music for Broken Hearts", in which the final stanza is: "Play some music for broken hearts. Play it slower and slower.For our love is over, and tonight we must part..."<br />  Maybe it wasn't love. Maybe it was just more a desire to always win at all costs. But it was time for something definite to be done about Michael and Julianne's relationship, and at least someone got to dance at the other's wedding.
The item that i ordered got here in record speed! I was really happy to see it came so fast.  The DvD that I had purchased was in amazing condition, no scratches, like new!
This movie is about love, a universal subject. Unfortunately, Julia's character tries to separate a happy couple and this is wrong. I recognize Cameron's character's fiance from Angels in the Outfield. He was Joseph Gordon-Levitt's father. He is so beautiful! I also love Rupert Everett. I've seen a few of his films, and I thought they were terrific. I love that Julia's character is Dermot's (I hope I spelt it well) character's best friend, but it isn't her place to try to divide him and his fiance. It's really all about that Abba song: One Man, One Woman. So because of Julia's character I will remove 1 star. She doesn't succeed in dividing them, which is wonderful so I recommend this film because it's funny, romantic, and it involves friendship. I also love how Cameron's character was singing at the restaurant. It was so funny! Watch it if you please, but know that not everyone wants to break up unions.
This is a fun movie and will hold the attention of most female viewers; my wife thoroughly enjoyed the movie and watched it to the very end.<br /><br />Julia Roberts as Julianne Potter is a touching character who has a real problem making up her mind as to what kind of a friend she wants her best friend to be. Her best friend, Michael O'Neal, played by Dermot Mulroney just happens to be a guy she's known for many years. Things go along OK until he announces his intentions of getting married; that announcement triggers a strong reaction that serves as the basis for the movie.<br /><br />Although the movie is a bit dated, it's still funny and engaging to watch. It may be good to watch it once just to see what you think about it before buying. On the other hand why not just roll the dice, pay your $7.36 and get a new copy of your very own? If you have any women in the household you should be on safe ground.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though this 1997 Julia Roberts vehicle gets points for not following the oh-so-tired romantic comedy formula, My Best Friend's Wedding's willingness to go outside the norm unfortunately leaves it without a satisfying ending; it may be a commendable film, but it's not a very funny or rewarding one.<br /><br />2.5/4
If you're a fan of romantic comedies, this one should definitely make your list.  Julia Roberts and Cameron Diaz are both charming.  There isn't much soppy romance, just a lot of amusing scenes, mostly featuring Roberts behaving somewhat outlandishly.  The movie doesn't drag on, and just generally fun.  Recommended.<br /><br />Roberts flies to Chicago to try and stop an ex from marrying Cameron Diaz.  It's obviously a poor plan, but it's funny to watch.<br /><br />If you don't like romantic comedies, obviously, skip it!
