What kind of man gets himself in such a pickle that --- on his honeymoon --- he's given a gun and asked to kill a professor he's always admired?<br /><br />That is the question presented to us at the beginning of "The Conformist," as Marcello Clerici (Jean-Louis Trintignant) sits in a Paris hotel room, waiting for the call that will tell him it's time to kill the professor. If you love movies, the answer --- told in a series of flashbacks, and, on occasion, flashbacks within flashbacks --- will make for one of the most rewarding cinematic experiences of your life.<br /><br />Let's get the praise out of the way right off. Bernardo Bertolucci --- known to most moviegoers for his Oscar-winning "The Last Emperor" and his down-and-dirty "Last Tango in Paris" --- made "The Conformist" at 29. It is a young man's film, drenched in ambition. It is also Bertolucci's greatest film. Indeed, it is one of the ten greatest films I've ever seen.<br /><br />My reasons?<br /><br />First, "The Conformist" is beautiful in the extreme. The cinematographer was the great Vittorio Storaro, and his color palette is so exquisite that Francis Ford Coppola watched this film over and over before making "The Godfather" --- and then hired Storaro to shoot "Apocalypse Now." The production designer was Ferdinando Scarfiotti, whose credits include "Death in Venice" and "Scarface." And Georges Delerue, who did the scores for "Jules and Jim" and "Platoon", composed the music.<br /><br />Then there is the acting. Trintignant is one of the most familiar faces in French cinema; this is the performance of his life. But mostly, I want to praise Dominique Sanda, then just 22 years old and making only her third movie. She plays the professor's wife, and she unfailingly strikes a remarkable balance --- on one hand, she's the loyal spouse, on another, she's a bi-sexual flirt, and on yet a third, she's the only character in the story who senses the tragedy that lies ahead.<br /><br />And, finally, there is the story, adapted from the novel by Alberto Moravia, one of Italy's most seductive novelists. Sex is almost a character for Moravia, and it certainly is here --- as the title suggests, Clerici's greatest desire is to be normal, to be one of the faceless masses, to conform.<br /><br />That's not so easily done in Italy in 1936. Mussolini has brought down the Fascist boot; progressives have fled the country. So Clerici takes a rich, vapid wife. He makes his accommodation with the government. And with that --- he thinks --- he's safe.<br /><br />But there are no hiding places in life --- and certainly not in a dictatorship of madmen. And then there is the question of the past: How do you acquire a "normal" life if you never had one before? As we flash back, we see that Clerici's privileged childhood was anything but normal. His mother awoke at noon, looking for her first shot of the day. He was raised by nannies. And then there was the encounter with the chauffeur...<br /><br />What Bertolucci is exploring here is the equation of politics with sex. In a film financed by an American studio, that equation would be explicit and vulgar. Here, every connection is made through imagery and suggestion. Your jaw will drop at scene after scene, but you'll be on the edge of your seat during one in particular --- an evening at a Parisian dance hall when Sanda dances with Clerici's wife. It's a breathtaking seduction, hotter in some ways than sex itself.<br /><br />Why does Clerici freeze when he's given a gun? Can he kill the professor? What happens to Sanda? And, jumping ahead, what does the Fascist's defeat mean for Clerici? Bertolucci's screenplay is brilliant on these key questions; you are always leaning in, thinking it through, putting the puzzle together. And, of course, you are invited to imagine --- as we always do in great films --- how would I handle this? What would I do if I were Clerici?<br /><br />And now I must share some tragic news: "The Conformist" is not available on DVD. There's only a VHS. The consolation: Storaro oversaw the transfer. Still, the difficulty of seeing this remarkable film is an injustice that somebody really ought to fix.<br /><br />For those too frustrated to rent or acquire a VHS tape of "The Conversation," let me recommend "The Garden of the Finzi-Continis", also starring Dominique Sanda, made a year later and exploring some of the same themes. Or you could read Alberto Moravia's novel. But be warned: This is that rare case --- a movie so much better than the book that reading it is a disappointment.
I just want to add my voice to those asking - pleading - for The Conformist to be released in a subtitled version on DVD. I first saw The Conformist when it was released about 35 years ago, and have had the good fortune to see it a few times since. (At the risk of rubbing salt in the wound of reviewer James Luckard, I did get to see it when it was at the Nuart in L.A. two years ago.) This film is just absolutely stunning in every way - Jean-Louis Trintignant is of course a great actor, but the thing I find so overwhelming with this film is the way the story, the acting, the cinematography, the lighting, the music, everything just comes together so well.
Break out the brass section, the DVD has arrived. This landmark film like fine wine, now that it has been remastered by cinematographer Vittorio Storaro, and presented with color intact in widescreen in Italian and French, emerges as a true classic. The dispicable VHS dubbed panned & scanned version that we have been watching for over 20 years can be "retired". Bernardo Bertolucci's truth is once again on display. This release sparkles with clarity, and we can thrill to the carefully presented imagery and the powerful symbolism.<br /><br />Bertolucci, under 30 when he directed CONFORMIST, has become a wonderfully gifted and powerful force in cinema; and never more so than in this fledging effort. He must have storyboarded every moment. The film is tighter than a Rolex; no wasted seconds or icons. In this film he began to explore the vistas of sensuality and sexuality that only two short years later would blossom into THE LAST TANGO IN PARIS (1972); and then would spill out all over the lens and screen in his latest effort, THE DREAMERS (2003).<br /><br />Alberto Moravia wrote the original novel at over 300 pages. Bertolucci did a marvelous job of extracting the essence of the protagonist, Marcello Clerici, and constructing a fabulous film, complex, lyrical yet brutal, beautiful yet shocking, shallow one moment and lethal the next, full of madness, repressed homosexuality, religious hypocracy, petty politicos, blind people, assassins, victims, and a never ending line of characters being cajoled or abused or eliminated or shamed or extolled. This is the Italy of the late 30's and early 40's, when the bald bulldog, Mussolini, strutted in the shadow of Hitler, dreaming of a new Roman Empire --about ordinary citizens who either resisted the Fascists or joined them. The ones who "resisted" had to be hunted down and eliminated by the ones who "accepted" Fascista "normalcy".<br /><br />This is a film that needs to be seen more than once. The film opens mid-thrid act, and speeds its entirity in flashback, bringing us up to speed. Just one viewing leaves even the hardiest film buff limp and confused. Somewhere during the 2nd or 3rd viewing, Bertolucci's motives make themselves accessible and evident.<br /><br />Jean-Louis Trintignant is the perfect Clerici, a successful professor, a loner, who wants to bet married and become a member of the Brown Shirts in order to "fit in"; and along the way we discover the dark side of his nature, confirming his cowardice and true nature. Stefania Sandrelli was very lovely as Guila, the young wife. But the film was stolen by the smoldering sexuality of Dominque Sanda, striking a Marlene Dietrich pose in tight pants, with her hands in her pockets, and a cigarette dangling out of one corner of her mouth. She is a woman of huge appetites and dark secrets.
I first saw this movie on VHS, for a film course in college, and was mesmerized by it. Some of the other films in the course ("Battleship Potemkin," "Weekend," "Le Salamandre") were interesting, and I rather enjoyed them, but none captured my mind, and made me think quite in the was that Bertolucci's masterful adaptation of Alberto Moravia's novel did.<br /><br />The acting is superb in this movie. Specifically, Jean-Louis Trintignant delivers an excellent performance. Touches of humor don't seem forced (I think of the scene at the brothel in particular), yet his torment and humanity are amazingly believable. The rest of the cast also give fantastic performances.<br /><br />This film is widely acknowledged to be influential to many modern filmmakers, and it's easy to see why. Visually, the film never stops captivating the audience with its amazing scenery. The score helps to set the mood without forcing it upon you. This is truly a movie where just about everything is done right.<br /><br />It's been a shame that this movie had not been released on DVD; when a new, restored 35mm print recently made the rounds of independent theaters, fans like myself raced to our local moviehouse to catch a showing. Now, at long last, we can own the film on something other than a bootleg VHS, and new generations can experience this wonderful film.
They are the darkly romantic masterpices that reveal corruptions of various ilks: "Godfather" on tribalism and power, "Citizen Kane" on solipism and power, "Vertigo" on perversity and fantasy power, "Searchers" on racism and power, and then, there is "The Conformist" on conformism and power!  Release the Widescreen DVD, you people with the powers to do so, please!
I came to my first viewing of The Conformist totally without preparation, having read no reviews nor even a synopsis. The only conditioning I had was a negative bias generated by the cover picture of a man in a business suit pointing a gun, as it suggested a theme about organized crime -  a genre in which I have little interest. For those who like to be surprised and awestruck by imagery that delivers much more than expected, I recommend coming to this film without a lot of research, but its probably too late if you're reading Amazon reviews. At any rate, it was only a few minutes into this film that I began to feel that thrill of having stumbled onto something that likely represents the acme of a particular kind of artistic effort. If you prefer your movies to have a straightforward sequence of plot and action, with a dialog that's understandable in terms of everyday conversation and related to what is obvious and visible, I can almost guarantee you won't like this film. But, if you are susceptible to striking and symbolic visual imagery, and aren't put off by the flashback mode of storytelling, there's a good chance you will find it to be very worthwhile. This is a film which conveys the idea that most of the real story of individuals, or at least relatively complex ones, is hidden below surface appearances. To give expression to this hidden dimension, Bertolucci pulled out all stops and concocted a visual extravaganza which not only delights our sense of color and pattern, but which subtly bypasses the checkpoints of our rational mind and links directly to the subconscious. Certainly I base this on my own reaction and can not guarantee that it will convey such feelings to all, but I can attest to the fact that I felt strong emotional responses being evoked by quite a number of specific scenes or episodes. Other than to say that the movie explores the idea that behavior in both individuals and societies can mirror these hidden psychological factors which I mentioned, I won't say any more about the plot. Beside that, I would only add that there are sexual scenes that some might regard as being quite explicit. While I am not in favor of gratuitous sex to hold a viewer's interest, I don't think that was the intent here at all, and was not personally bothered by this. After watching the film, it would be of benefit to watch the interviews of Bertolucci and his art director, who discuss the concepts they were trying to bring to life in The Conformist. Rather than give a synopsis, I have tried, in general terms, to indicate if this film might have appeal for you. Hope this helps.
Bernardo Bertolucci was 29 years old when he made "Il Conformista" (1970) based on the novel of great Alberto Moravia.  Bertolucci wrote the script which was later nominated for The Academy Award and made the perfect film, refined, complex, and visually amazing.  The film portrays the corrupting deadly power of Fascism and does it much better than the same  director's 5 hours long "1900" (1976) and "Il Conformista" does not even have a character like the monstrous Fascist, sadist-murderer Attila Mellanchini. "Attilas" of the world are obvious (it does not mean that they are less dangerous) but "Marcello Clericis" are not - all they want to do -is  to fit in, to be accepted, to look and act normal, to conform,  and there is no limit to how far they'd go on the road of lies and betrayal. Marcello Clerici (Jean Lois Trintignan) tries to suppress a childhood episode of sex abuse that had changed him forever and made him believe that he could become an assassin. To prove his loyalty to the fascist state, he accepts the order of the party superiors to assassinate his former college professor known for his liberal anti-fascist outlooks. The professor left Italy and resides in exile in Paris with the much younger wife (Dominique Sanda). Marcello is not a murderer but he belongs to the sort of humans on whom the famous publicist, Bruno Yasiensky gave the immortal description: "Do not be afraid of your enemies. At most, they can kill you. Do not be afraid of your friends. At most, they can betray you. Be afraid of indifferent people! It is due to their silent indifference that the worst things happen in the world."<br /><br />"Il Conformista" is deservingly famous for its stunning cinematography by Vittorio Storaro (who also shot for Bertolucci "The Last Tango in Paris" and "The Last Emperor"), production design by Nedo Azzini,  Original Music by Georges Delerue, and Costume Design by Gitt Magrini.  For me, "Il Conformista" is also the movie with one of the most beautiful and sexiest scenes ever filmed - Stefania Sandrelli (Marcello's naive young wife) and Dominique Sanda dancing tango.
Marcello Clerici (Jean-Louis Trintignant) is a fascist when the fascists are in power but becomes an antifascist when the fascists lose power.  Hence he is the conformist of the title of this extraordinary movie adapted by Italian film legend Bernardo Bertolucci from Alberto Moravia's novel.  But more significant than his political conformity is his ability to bend his sexual nature to what is acceptable.  The defining event of his childhood is his incomplete seduction by a gay chauffeur, whom he more or less accidentally kills.  When conformity to the fascist rule in Italy under dictator Benito Mussolini becomes the norm, Marcello marries the ordinary (but very pretty) Giulia (Stefania Sandrelli) whom he describes as "all bed and kitchen."  Marcello thereby sentences himself to a boring but secure petite bourgeois existence.  He will simply suppress his "abnormal" instincts.<br /><br />In a sense this is a character study using a familiar theme, that of sexual repression leading to repressive political expression, such as psychoanalytic theory assigned to the fascist mentality.  But Marcello is less interested in sadistic expression as he is with a secure existence.  He is something of a shrewd coward, cold, calculating, and indifferent to the feelings of others.  We see this strikingly in the scene in the woods when Anna Quadri (Dominique Sanda), who is being chased by fascist thugs, pounds desperately on his car window.  But he is completely unmoved and just stares at her with consummate indifference.<br /><br />But what really enhances this film, making it one of the best I've ever seen, is the beautiful cinematography by Vittorio Storaro and the extraordinarily designed sets and scenes envisioned by Bertolucci.  I am reminded of Michelangelo Antonioni's gorgeous Blow Up (1966) and Swedish director Bo Widerberg's stunningly beautiful  Elvira Madigan (1967) from the same era.  I think Bertolucci wanted to make a film that was politically and psychologically significant but also one that was strikingly beautiful.  He used not only sumptuous settings but hired two of the most beautiful actresses in Sanda and Sandrelli.  And because this movie is about sex (as it almost certainly must be, having been adapted from a novel by Moravia who was a master at expressing human sexuality) Bertolucci made the movie sexy and sensual.  Sanda, whom I previously saw in Vittoria De Sica's The Garden of the Finzi-Continis which came out a year after El Comformista (1970) where she played the beautiful, enigmatic, but icy Micol Finzi-Contini, here plays Anna the bi-sexual wife of one of Marcello's college professors--the man whom Marcello has been instructed to help kill.  Sanda is exquisitely sensual as she works to seduce Giulia while at the same time both teasing and rejecting Marcello's advances.<br /><br />Sandrelli is not be outdone. She too is beautiful and sensual even if the character she plays is a bit ordinary otherwise.  The scene on the train where she describes to Marcello how she was ravished as a teen by an older man (the family lawyer) is very moving sexually, and very revealing because Marcello takes her description as a guide in how to make love to his wife!  We can see clearly that he needs some instruction since he apparently is not really moved by her beauty.<br /><br />While the film itself stands alone as an artistic achievement, I want to compare it to the novel from which it was adapted.  The main difference is that in the novel we learn so much more about the character of Marcello because of Alberto Moravia's use of an interior monologue throughout.  Rather than merely a conformist, in the novel we see that Marcello's character is that of someone who seeks the trappings of conformity and normality because he rightly fears he is not the entirely normal person he would like to be.  Ironically it is Giulia who nearly always conforms to what is considered normal behavior and who harbors uncritically the knee jerk beliefs and opinions that she has learned from church and state.  Marcello is attracted to her not so much because she is pretty but because she is authentically ordinary and therefore by association he too is not abnormal.  It is abnormality that Marcello fears.<br /><br />The ending in the novel is also different than in the movie although the sense of who Marcello is does not change.  In the novel Quadri is a hunchback and his wife is clearly a lesbian who has married him for convenience and security, whereas in this film she is bisexual and he is more like someone she might marry for love.  Another difference is in how what happens to the Quadris and the extent to which Marcello is responsible.  Bertolucci chose to have Marcello at the scene, whereas in the novel he has no direct experience of their fate.  Of course the novel, which is over a hundred thousand words long, goes more deeply into the character of Marcello than is possible in a film.  The true psychological complexity of his character comes through, especially his struggle with sexual ambiguity.  We see more clearly why he embraced fascism.<br /><br />But the film is true to the novel in most respects and certainly in the main sense that Moravia intended, that of showing how a particular type of fascist mentality arises and is maintained.  But Marcello, although an authentic fascist is not necessary a typical one.  The idea that fascists in general follow the herd and adopt a superficial and uncultured world view is no doubt largely correct, but the essence of fascism is the belief in authoritarian rule, the stratification of society, intolerance of diversity, and a willingness, even an eagerness, to use force and violence to obtain such ends.  The psychology underlying the portrait by Moravia and Bertolucci is the idea that Marcello sees in himself violent and selfish tendencies and so it is only natural that he should adopt a political philosophy that condones and acts out such tendencies.
Getting a legitimate copy of the uncut version of THE CONFORMIST in the original language is a little like finding the holy grail of films. I've seen this version only in the original release and lately at the Los Angeles County Museum. Otherwise I've seen butchered and mutilated versions on satellite and cable television. It is one of the most beautiful films ever made, and narratively is better than the novel it is based upon. The cinematography by Vittorio Storaro is sleek and stunning and created a whole new visual vocabulary for  other filmmakers to copy. This disc is a treasure. Thank you for making  it available!
This long-awaited DVD fulfills every expectation. The script, the editing, the cinematography, the acting, the set-dressing--every aspect impeccably considered, expertly realized--are all brilliantly captured, even enhanced, on the DVD. The bonus interviews answer questions film buffs have had for decades about how this masterpiece was able simply to happen, and should be required viewing in any serious film studies curriculum. Watching this restored print transported me instantly back to the pure excitement, the untrammelled sense of possibility, that we all experienced watching movies in the early 1970s.<br /><br />If you care at all about film, this is the best $11.00 you will ever spend.
'The Conformist' is the best synthesis of Bertolucci's interests as a director. Sex, politics and psychology unite in a maelstorm of hidden intentions. The cinematic style of the film is wonderful. Bertolucci's direction perfectly illuminates the art deco interiors of the period. The shot in which Marcello's shadow disappears from the wall in the scene where the professor tells him abouth the myth in the cave, is one of the most memorable I have ever seen on the screen.<p>Bertolucci himself saw 'The Conformist' as an allegory about his relationship with Jean-Luc Godard whom he idolized. The professor in the movie plays the role of the father, the revolutionary. Marcello plays that of the son who wishes to kill his father in order to be free of his unconformist past. This may sound like a lot of pseudo-intellectual banter, but unlike other Bertolucci films the main charcter's psychological make-up in 'The Conformist' is fascinating in his drive to rid himself of his guilt and gain acceptance.<p>The exceptional use of lighting creates an atmospheric dynamic sadly missing from Bertolucci's other work. The camera never seems to remain reposed for a moment and even in relatively static scenes you sense that Bertolucci could do something spontaneous and unforeseen at any second.<p>In the years to come he would make other films that would arouse awe and surprise, but since this film he has lost his capacity to stun.
It has been a few years since I've seen "The Conformist". But, this was the first Bernardo Bertolucci movie I ever saw. And the film has stayed with me all this time. Like some of the other customers on here, I too feel this is Bertolucci at his best.<p> To be honest I really can't quite remember the story-line so well. A man named Marcello (Jean Louis Trintignant)is sent to assassinate his old professor, Professor Quadri (Enzo Tararscio), who left Italy when the fascist took over.<p> Bertolucci managed to tell such a powerful, abosorbing story, that even in at it's most gritty moments, I couldn't turn away from the screen. There's a scene where two people are shot at that would probably be describe by people as disgusting, but, my eyes were glued to the screen. And this is the power most of Bertolucci's films have. Well, at least on me.<p> I too feel it's a shame this film it not available on vhs or dvd. And because of that this film is not as well known as it should be. Here is a movie that many would agree upon as being one of Bertolucci's best films, and no one can see it. All most of us can do is just recall moments of the first time we saw it.<p> For anyone who ever gets a chance to buy this film or even rent, do it! It will truly be one of those rare films that will always keep coming back to you.<p> Bottom-line: Simply Bernardo Bertolucci's best film! Powerful and absorbing. Bertolucci hits the bullseye.
I cannot do much to elaborate on the fine prior reviews here, except to say that Georges Delerue's spare score is integral and haunting.<br /><br />It may be cinematographer Storaro's crowning achievement as a lense-man, Dominique Sanda's best outing, the classiest incorporation of Art Nouveau and Deco into a film,  and, moreover, might be Bertolucci's most cohesive, unified work. It's simply, forgive an abused word, stunning on every darned level.
Bertolucci's 1970 film following the life of a young student of philosophy in Fascist Italy.  Not of great film quality but the film has an excellent screenplay, a clever script, and reasonable acting.<br /><br />The Conformist follows the life of Marcello Clerici (Jean-Louis Trintignant) who was a student of philosophy and who admired his teacher Professor Quadri (Enzo Tarascio) for his standing to principle as exemplified in Plato's 'Republic.'  Marcello's dreams are shattered however when his teacher chooses to flee to exile in France to oppose Mussolini's fascist regime.  Without any other authority figure to look up to, Marcello becomes a black shirt and is approached by Mussolini's government with a special task: to go to France and assassinate his former teacher who is regarded as a radical and a traitor.<br /><br />The film actually follows Plato's allegory of the cave where individuals are strapped to a wall seeing only the shadows projecting from random objects people behind the wall are moving in front of a fire.  There's no rhyme or reason to the objects but those strapped to the wall give them meaning and order regardless as this is the only reality they have.  One member is freed and goes over the wall to see the truth; upon returning, his former colleagues kill him as he has killed their only reality.  The film follows this theme with its contrasts from light to dark and the development of the characters.  Perhaps Bertolucci goes further than Plato suggesting what would happen if two individuals were freed from their wall and saw two different views: who is to return?<br /><br />This is an excellent film in which its worth is more in the screenplay and dialogue as opposed to its production values or even acting.  A good philosophical exploration into human nature and institutions: what makes all conform?  What about those who tell others not to conform but have no courage to act themselves?  Don't miss this film.
This is a good transfer of a remarkable movie, HOWEVER, the "Dance of the Blind" sequence, which appeared in the restored version I saw in a movie theatre several years ago, has once again gone missing, this time from the DVD.<br />It's an extraordinary scene, only five minutes in length, so the time element could not have been a factor.  Why go to the trouble of cleaning up these movies, and then arbitrarily hack out an important piece?<br />Another nit pick- the cut from the last shot in the film to the title for the clean up team is very abrupt, a couple of seconds of black screen would've been welcome-<br />Criterion, are you listening???  There is a golden opportunity here...
In this film, Jean-Louis Trintignant is a conflicted double agent caught between the old Italalian Fascists and his new left-wing bosses.  I had forgotten how good an actor Trintignant is.  This is available in the original Italian but I also watched the english dubbed version and it is fine.  The direction by Bernardo Bertolucci is excellent.  His framing of the scenes bould not be improved upon.
Consistently beautiful and interesting composition and staging. Completely unengaging on an emotional level. I found myself often appreciative of what I was seeing but caring not at all about what I was watching.
This film is made the way Hollywood has forgotten how to do.  It is beautifly shot and the camera composition and lighting is unbelievable.  It is a film that is text book great!
Many cinephiles have been waiting for this one for years; now it's here, and it's going to be a treat to see the stunning cinematography in DVD quality.  The Conformist includes a prominent discussion of Plato's cave, and true to that theme, light is a major thematic element throughout the film, so it's well worth seeing at the best resolution possible.<br /><br />Oh, and it's a terrific movie, full of glamour, intrigue, sex, and betrayal.  Really one of the more perfect movies ever made, which makes it a shame that Bertolucci never made anything this flawless again.
The subtitles are huge, yellow, and intrusive. My Panasonic DVD player can lower the subtitles to the bottom of the screen and fade them, but they're still intrusive. So, if your DVD player can't do that, you're going to be really annoyed. The film is justly famous, beautiful in style (especially if your stomach allows you to view the murder in the forest as a beautiful scene), but very negative. Trintignant kills his favorite professor and the woman he loves because of something that happened to him long ago. At the end of the movie he learns that the bad thing didn't happen after all and he killed the professor and the woman for no reason. I have trouble with Trintignant's moronic wife, but you might not. Definitely worth seeing.
So desperate is Marcello, portrayed by Jean-Louis Trintignant ("The Outside Man") to lead a normal life after he suffers through the psychological  trauma of a sexual confrontation with the family chauffeur (played by the bizarre Pierre Clementi) when he was a child. As an adult he eventually succumbs to the political upheavals of Hitler's Nazi machine during the 1930's and conforms to Prime Minister Mussolini's fascist regime of Italy. Working as an agent for the government he's assigned a mission to assassinate a college professor in Paris France whom Mussolini believes to be a threat to the fascist party. The murder is to take place while he's honeymooning with his newly wedded wife played to perfection by the lovely and charming Stefania Sandrelli ("Desideria"), and who manages to steal every scene she's in.<br /><br />While ploting the assassination in Paris he encounters a problem by falling in love with the professor's wife (Dominque Sanda, who also starred in Bertolucci's "1900").  Matters are further complicated not only by  his attraction to the professor's wife, but his marriage as well as  his (manufactured) loyalty to the fascist regime. The eventual ending indicates what the title is and what he's always been throughout his life. Lavishly shot by the brilliant Vittorio Storaro (Apocalypse Now & Last Tango In Paris), this is considered Bernardo (The Spider's Stratagem & The Last Emporer)  Bertolucci's "breakthrough" film and perhaps his greatest acheivement in cinema as he was also nominated for an Oscar  for his screenplay. This mesmerizing look at the social values of World War II Italy is not to be missed and remains one of the all-time great films of the 70's.<br /><br />olofpalme63
I don't have much to add to all others who rewied this film:<br />it IS great in every way. The acting and cinemathography is superb. You won't be bored for a moment of watching it!<br />And the murder scene is one of the most dramatic scenes I,ve ever watched and it stays in your visual memory forever!<br />Only one warning: the dubbing is horrible. I,ve watched it<br />both, and there is no comparison. Ofcourse, there is very little hope that they will release it in original Italian version, but<br />we always hope that somewhere there is another perfectionist,<br />like us.<br />Maybe it would be interesting to know, that in the book this film<br />was made after, the hero, Marcello, dies in the very end, but<br />Bertolucci decided to keep him alive, probably as a subtle hint<br />that any generic conformist will take the new face to adopt..<br />.
Every cinematographer should study this film as an example of how to make interiors look great and static scenes look energetic.  The costumes and locations are also excellent.  Rarely does a film empathize with a treacherous character like this fascist hitman, who is running from his own demons.  It seems to really capture the mood of 1930's Europe.
If the state doesn't model itself on the image of the individual, how will the individual ever be able to model itself in the image of the state?<br />The Conformist was directed by directed by Bernardo Bertolucci in 1970. It has a dreamlike story arch that opens your mind in a familiar 1970's fashion.  There were many philosophical, risky, and challenging films that came out during this time period. The Conformist is certainly one of the leaders of the genre.<br />The story moves as effortlessly through past & present as it does through style & substance.  There is a lot going on here. Every frame holds answers and asks questions. This is essentially the story of a man with some seriously heavy things on his mind.  He is about to be married because he wants to be normal. His father is an institutionalized insane war criminal. Furthermore, he accidentally killed a man when he was 13.  This could possibly have set the tone for his entire decadent life. All of this has lead him up to his position as a card carrying member of the of the fascist secret police under Mussoli. He is a given a mission that only he can accomplish. He must get close to a man he greatly admires, and take him out.  On the outside he is normal, through the worlds eyes he is everything but that. All of this and he still desires to conform. Every strange element and experience this charter has is a statement by the director, Bernardo Bertolucci. The Conformist is an art film. It is deep, thoughtful, and striking. It is most certainly way out there, and at times, firmly planted in reality. The abstract line that it so confidently walks is it's greatest charm.
For my money Bertolucci's very best film. It combines many his<br />recurring themes; politics (especially fascism in Italy and it's<br />effects), sexuality and identity, the need to belong, the struggle to<br />be an individual.<br /><br />The film perfectly walks a knife's edge between realism and surrealism,<br />supported by Vitorio Storraro's breathtaking and unique cinematography.<br /><br />The film works brilliantly on a simple realist level. A sort of<br />political thriller and character study (much like Coppola's 'The<br />Conversation') we follow an agent of Mussolini's secret police (a great<br />performance by Jean-Louis Trintignant, even dubbed into Italian) as<br />he's sent to assassinate one of his old professors, now teaching in<br />exile in Paris. On that level the film is filled with odd twists and<br />turns as Marcello tries to carry out his mission.<br /><br />But there's also something larger and more mysterious being explored<br />here, from the constant not-quite-realistic images, to Marcello's<br />occasionally very odd (and sometimes funny) behavior, to the flashbacks<br />to an early homosexual encounter, we are trapped, with the character,<br />in a sort of Kafkaesque dream world. It's as if somehow Bertolluci has<br />pulled off the very neat trick of making a film that' simultaneously<br />objective and subjective, a dream and a reality, surreal and<br />hyper-real. And he makes the two dance together to create a bigger<br />whole.<br /><br />My only tiny quibble;, a few moments seem a little too on the nose in<br />their symbolism for a film of such subtlety, but that's a tiny<br />complaint about a great film.<br /><br />The US DVD isn't quite up to the visual level of the new UK Arrow<br />blu-ray, but is certainly good enough to make it worth-while.
Except for cinematography by Vittorio Storaro, this film is way over rated. It is totally homophobic. The entire premise of the reason the protagonist was a Fascist murderer is because he thought he accidentally shot and killed a man who molested, or at least tried to molest him once when he was 13. The man was 6-10 years older. So he became a murderer for Mussolini. WTF? What about all those dozen adult men and women who are shown standing two feet away while a dozen kids his age have his pants pulled down and are molesting him en masse, for who knows how many times. No, that would not make him a murderer. The guy who molested him was not a homosexual. He was a child molester, because the boy was prepubescent, presumably. Later in the film, we see the "homosexual" trying to pick up a much older male prostitute. I don't think child molesters evolve to like older people as sexual partners, so this is not true to life. He is also shown to be a total wimp, a stereotype. The protagonist's new wife confesses to having been raped for 6 years by a man 50 years older and says she enjoyed it. She seems as normal as anybody in the film. Talk about a double standard! The director should have followed the golden rule of filmmaking: Make films about things you know about. The dialogue, dubbed or not is ridiculous. It's so baldly dubbed, they could have said intelligent things that people might actually say. added bonus, gratuitous exploitation of the star actresses tits. You can see the blue gel wrapping the dance room moving in the wind. The only person not dancing was the Fascist murderer and his assistant. How inconspicuous. Brutally grotesque murder scene tops it off. Francis Ford Coppola, Sidney Lumet, and other filmmaker wrote a letter to talk an American distributor into distributing the film. Perhaps they first should have consulted with their gay friends to see how they felt about being stereotyped in film or on TV as child molesters, too typical of the time the film was made, 1970.
Fascism,existentialist-style,with monologues,introspection and inactive brooding.Marcello's wife is the conformist,obedient to dictates of church and state,which is why Marcello marries her,and she offsets his shame at his mad father,addicted mother.Marcello struggles with abnormal tendencies,having shot Lino,a homosexual chauffeur when he was a teenager.He is uneasy with abnormality.The need for normality drives him to conform to society's mores,embrace fascism,marry a mediocre conventional,sensual woman.Safety in the herd,fear of being different,makes Marcello join a movement given to abnormality,and that asks him to repeat the action he ran away from:murder.The violent and selfish tendencies Marcel sees in himself are absorbed by a philosophy that condones them.We identify with him because Moravia depicts a complex person,with all his strengths and weaknesses,how easy it was to follow the political fashion.<br /><br />However, Marcello doesn't do what he thinks is right but what other people think is right due to his ambivalent sexuality(also most of the characters fall in love with people who do not return their love).He fears his natural impulses,nearly giving in only to realize how dangerous it is.The normality that he had sought was entirely made up of abnormalities,he comes to realize.The hidden becomes revealed.He is shadowed everywhere by Manganiello,an agent with experience of spying and killing.He brings him his orders,checks on his progress,tells him to stop procrastinating and act."Action must be swift and decisive",he says,yet is resigned to Marcello's inability to act,pondering each situation excessively.This is conveyed in his confession to a priest,his conversation with a blind fascist mentor,showing the real tension beneath the external subject matter.<br /><br />The noir elements are conveyed by the flash-back,chronology-chopping structure,the out-of-kilter camera angles framing the anti-hero,the cinematography of blue,red and yellow,showing the entirely cinematic perplexity and wonder.The rich colours,chiaroscuros,the rigid lines of fascist architecture set the tone of authoritarian hierarchy.Bertolucci,weaned from Godard's political and aesthetic radicalism,finds here his own style in which complex political and psychological exploration is presented through elegant camerawork. In The Conformist, the Parisian phone number of the betrayed professor is that of Jean-Luc Godard,a father figure he symbolically kills off. The past plays out while Clerici rides in his car, chatting with his fascist bodyguard(even the flashbacks themselves have flashbacks and keep us unsettled) the film is able to concentrate our attention on the present of decision-making whose results Bertolucci identifies with Fascism itself. The journey is really one agonizing process of choice - will Marcello intervene to save the life of his beloved, or will he watch her murder in complicitous passivity?The heroic ethos turns cowardly for Marcello on the road to Savoy.<br /><br />The film has an excellent musical score,great acting from Trintignant as Marcello, Stefania Sandrelli as Giulia, Dominique Sanda(Lina) as the bisexual Professor's wife, and Gastone Moschin's Blackshirt;uses the brilliant cinematographer,Vittorio Storaro and the design of the film moves from highly ordered, spatial architecture, precise tracking shots,highly controlled movements by the actors,with the latter part of the film draped in shadows or brightly lit by harsh lights,to create a sense of violent social turmoil,chaos,disintegration with Il Duce's fall,odd lighting effects,collapsing symbols of fascism's fall,disorderly protest,the return of the suppressed into full view for the protagonist in this existential nightmare of image and dialogue.Undoubtedly,Bertolucci's best work of art,never to be bettered.
A visually stunning, subjective, psychological study of one man's pursuit of 'normalcy.' The plot is non-linear and revealed through a multilayered series of flashbacks. The portrait is rich with scenes of entrapment, Freudian undertones, and homosexuality. Dominique Sarda sizzles as the lesbian wife of the professor. The cinemetography is masterful. This is a film that withstands, and may require, repeated viewings to absorb its complexities. Compare Bertolucci's adapation to Moravia's novel, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1883642655">The Conformist</a>.
It is a year of Bernardo Bertolucci's revival.  Everyone was talking about "The Conformist" this year and I have decided to see the film again.  Based on Moravia's book, film depicts young man, in his early thirties, doing his best to fit in society of the fascist Italy of the pre world war II era.  The entire film is symbolism of man's search for himself and discovery of one's true identity.  Marcello, the main character of the story, is a member of the secret fascist group in charge of hunting down and eliminating exiled intellectuals.  In the course of the assignment, which incidentally takes place during Marcello's honeymoon in Paris, Marcello reconnects with his former philosophy professor he is tasked to eliminate.  With flashbacks from his childhood and completion of the assignment, Marcello finally uncovers that behind the facade of happily married man and a father, he is damaged homosexual whose denial led him to a life of professional assasin whose life is full of treason, murder and misplaced ideals.  This is a masterpiece of a film.  Everything is pure perfection: the actors, costumes, colors, symbols, music.  Bertolucci gets credit for not only presenting the story in all its complexity but for assembling great cast both in front and behind the camera.  This film is a classic masterpiece.  One of the fims that stays in one's personal library.
Finally the complete masterpiece by Bernardo Bertolucci is on DVD in a very good restoration.  There are so many beautiful and ground-breaking scenes that one cannot enumerate them all.<br /><br />One I will mention is the scene where Sandrelli is in a black and white diagonally-patterned dress moving about and dancing in a room with horizontal shadows created by gently moving venetian blinds.  Mesmerising.<br /><br />Dominique Sanda is enigmatic and a perfect ploy for the conflicted thoughts and sexual longings of Trintignant.  The cinematography by the genius Storaro is breathtaking and the costumes and locations are authentic and beautifully gloomy - the locations, that is.<br /><br />It's great to have this seminal movie of the early seventies issued again on DVD and is essential for any film aficianado.
"Visually complex," doesn't quite cover this one -- more like "Greatest production design and cinematography since Citizen Kane." I feel guilty it took me so long to see this film, but I'm content in knowing that I saw it at a point in my viewing where I could actually appreciate what's going on in the frame compositions -- let alone the comment that Bertolucci is making on facism. The final scene blew my mind, which is hard to believe since I was practically hyperventilating after the first 15 minutes. The only critique that I could possibly make is that the violence in the film looks horribly fake -- a notion that is completely negated by the fact that The Conformist served to inspire the visual language that was used in films like The Godfather and The Unbearable Lightness of Being, to the point where it's legitimately prophetic. (10/10)
"The Conformist" was Bernardo Bertolucci's first real masterpiece, where his editing style matured, thanks to Franco Arcalli. Bertolucci adapted the screenplay from Alberto Moravia's novel of the same name. Where the naturalistic tones and lack of visual contrivance typical in the cinema of the early 1970s can look amateurish or flat today, "The Conformist" exudes visual power through Vittorio Storaro's contrasting light and shadows and Ferdinando Scarfiotti's art direction. The sensuous glamour of 1930s Paris accentuates this powerful story of the Conformist, a man driven by his intense desire for normalcy in spite of his own nature, at a time when conformity meant fascism.<br /><br />In Mussolini's Italy of the 1930s, Marcello Clerici (Jean-Louis Trintignant) intends to construct a "normal" life to ease his constant feelings of otherness. He proposes marriage to Guilia (Stefania Sandrelli), a frivolous young petite bourgeoise. He disposes of his mother's drug-dealing lover. He joins the Secret Police to ferret out the nonconformists. He is assigned the task of assassinating an anti-fascist expatriate living in Paris, where he and Guilia will be honeymooning. The man is Professor Quadri (Enzo Tarascio), whom Marcello knew as a student. But just as Marcello despises dissent and individualism, he is irresistibly drawn to it in the form of Quadri's beautiful and daring young wife Anna (Dominque Sanda).<br /><br />Shifts in time early in the movie are disconcerting, but the unease created by the discontinuity echoes Marcello's discomfort with his own nature. Bertolucci has changed the ending. I might have preferred the ending from the book, though they both express futility. The bachelor party scene actually did not make the "final" cut, but was unearthed and added to the DVD version. Though it is a curious scene, I could have done without. But "The Conformist" is an uncompromising commentary on the implications of conformity under the wrong circumstances, as seen in a man who is smart enough to know very well what he is doing and why. Strange that he is almost sympathetic. Italian with optional subtitles.<br /><br />The DVD (Paramount 2006): "The Rise of the Conformist: The Story, the Cast" (13 min) includes interviews with Bernardo Bertolucci about the script, casting, Marcello's character, and with cinematographer Vittorio Storaro about story and themes. "Shadow and Light: Filming The Conformist" (14 min) features Bertolucci commenting on Scarfiotti's art direction and the film's ending. Vittorio Storaro explains his use of distinct light and shadow areas to delineate character, including the "prisoner of Plato" scene in Quadri's office as metaphor for cinema as a shadow of reality. In "The Conformist: Breaking New Ground" (11 min), Bertolucci discusses preserving the "wildness" of the dailies in editing, the film's structure, and how the film almost didn't open in the US. Subtitles are available for the film in English, Spanish, Portuguese. Dubbing available in English, Spanish, French, Portuguese.
Based on a novel by Alberto Moravia, Bertolucci's provocative, dramatic thriller explores the twisted psychology of Mussolini-era Fascism and its eventual demise as played out in the assassination drama of Marcello, who becomes perversely attracted to his target's bisexual wife, the alluring Anna (Dominique Sanda). Bertolucci's handling of the interlocking flashbacks, his exquisite sense of pacing, and the wonderfully fluid camerawork of lensman Vittorio Storaro all lend an additional harmony to this fascinating Technicolor tale of doomed decadence and latent desire in Fascist Italy. And what about that sizzling Sanda-Sandrelli tango?
Bernardo Bertolucci's film, "the conformist" (il conformista) is probably the director's best. Bertolucci is also credited for writing the script in collaboration with the well known novelist Alberto Moravia. Jean-Louis Trintignan gives an excellent performance as a small time opportunist, who thrives in the fascist regime of Mussolini's Italy in the 1930s. Under the superficial appearance of order and morality the viewer is allowed to sense the repressive, immoral and hypocritical nature of the state, in which betrayal, infidelity, pedophilia and even murder are not only tolerated but even promoted and supported by the regime. The slow hypnotic pace of the film, photographed in low lighting and accompanied by a perfectly matching and almost ominous soundtrack creates the proper milieu. There is throughout the film an aura of repressed sexuality with homoerotic overtones, perfectly interpreted by the acting of Dominique Sanda and Stefania Sandreli.
many thanks to paramount, the edition is very very good and the bonus interesting. finally one of the most important italian fims of all time has been edited.
The cinematographer John Bailey (American Gigolo, The Big Chill and as good as it gets) was speaking at the LA film school in 2003 and showed clips from the Conformist.<br />I immediately asked him about it. He said that there's a new print at Paramount made by Vitterio Storaro. I have written Paramount and Criterion. Please harass Paramount about it.<br />It's a shame that such a classic and influential has been ignored for so long.
All I would like to add to the other ***** reviews is that the dance hall scene  alone would justify seeing "The Conformist" even if the rest of it weren't as good as it as.
Made by Bernado Bertolucci in 1971, it is a study of a young man striving for position in Fascist Italy in the 1930s. The series of events that overwhelm him put him into the position of a willing murderer.
Considering some of the films I've given 5 stars there's no way this gets less than 6 out of 5. Rich viewing: only room for a few points. Everything about it is good, but one of the features I feel has been neglected in other reviews is the performance of the semi-ditzy wife, Stefania Sandrelli, which I thought was exceptionally convincing. The other roles were more movie-conventional, when you come to think about it. This goes for both Trintignant and Sanda, which is not to criticise them. The content of the story provides great mental stimulation, although I have some doubts. So people with a compulsion to conform are repressed homosexuals with traumatic childhood secrets? So anti-fascists are bi-sexuals who indulge in voyeuristic pleasures? Can't see much difference between fascist conformists and communist conformists, myself: there's always "normalcy", power and safety in joining the crowd, whatever the ideology or the politics. Not that the Professor is overtly presented as a communist, but the street violet-seller pointedly plugs the Internationale. Is the conformist actually guilty because he mistakenly believes in his own guilt as a murderer? Not that these are major complaints, and they certainly don't prevent huge enjoyment to be had from the sheer artistry, cutting, photography, plotting and pacing of this remarkable movie experience.
This film reveals how there's an ingredient of every political movement in everyone.<br />It's a stylish and scary film about the rise of fascism in Italy in the 1930's and 40's<br />The brilliant story demostrates how both repulsive and attractive the sinister<br />ways of fascism were to many iItalians. If you enjoy The Conformist you have to see<br />The Spider's Strategem. Another masterpiece by Bernado Bertolucci
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />It cannot be denied that Bertolucci knows his way around a camera, but this mash up of fascism and sexuality never manages to be interesting or engaging; I went into this film expecting something near a classic and instead found a movie that threatened to put me to sleep.<br /><br />2.5/4
This is one of the great European films, and it's just great that it has been given an almost proper release, BUT, there are HUGE bright YELLOW subtitles almost right in the MIDDLE of the screen. Why? This makes the film almost unwatchable. They are so OBTRUSIVE it is almost better watching the dubbed version. Don't buy this. Wait and see if there is a less horrible version released in Europe.
Having now seen The Conformist again, in "restored" form, I've got to say I think it terribly overrated. Just for a start, one thing I find problematic is the equation of repressed or latent homosexuality, if that's what it is, with fascist tendencies, or guilt about some homosexual exeperience (as indicated at the end of the film) with whatever the central character's pathology. But then this is not sufficiently clearly sketched to make any real sense; it's the kind of thing that can only be taken seriously in the context of a particular kind of left-wing European machismo of the 1960s. Otherwise it's nonsense. Perhaps one's not meant to take it as "realism" but as "symbolism" all the way through the film, but even then it fails to join the dots; certainly, it doesn't work as "realism". Despite some effective scenes (like the final murder), I think that as a whole this movie has a vastly inflated reputation.
FOR 35 YEARS I HAVE CONSISTENTLY RANKED THIS AS ONE OF THE GREATEST MOVIES EVER MADE.<br /><br />HAVING SAID THIS, THE VOICES USED TO REPLACE THE ITALIAN AND SPARE THE SUBTITLES STRIP THIS FILM OF ITS BEAUTY RESULTING IN A JUXTAPOSE REMINISCENT OF "WHAT'S UP TIGERLILY?" OR A REVERSAL OF THE PLOTLINE IN "SINGING IN THE RAIN".  GREAT FOR A COMEDY, BUT I DOUBT IT WAS INTENDED BY THE PRODUCERS OF THIS IMMENSE FILM.
Why the release of this outstanding film to DVD has been so long delayed has been mysterious. Previously the only version available in the USA was an overdubbed VHS. Not that Bertolucci used actors who were all speaking Italian in the scenes, the sound was added post, but it is great that this version has the option of Italian and French. However, this movie is really meant to be seen in original Black and White and this copy is TECHNICOLOR. Wierd. I was wondering why so cheep. Kind of dissappointing for one of my favorite movies of all time.
Not as spectacular as other reviews led me to believe. I hadn't seen it before, but with comments like "precursor to The Godfather" and "one of the 10 best movies" I thought I'd give it a try.  It's an OK movie at best.  It has some interesting visuals and unique cinematography, but the story is just not interesting or engaging.  I'm generally very easy to please when it comes to movies, but for the last half hour of this movie I was just waiting for it to end. The cheesy 70s dialog and hammy acting didn't help either.  Sorry, but I really can't recommend it.
I must have watched a different film than the below reviewers.  I couldn't even get to the end it seemed so disconnected.  When you have to read the jacket cover to figure out what is going on...something is really wrong.<br /><br />Maybe you have to be a professor to understand this movie but I found it worthless.
