This movie totally blew me away!!!!<br />It has incredible animation, gothic sounds to make the movie feel just right, the scenery was breathtaking, and to top it all off the plot was just amazing!!!<p>Every anime fan dreams about how good their movie would be if everything was perfect - well this is it!!!!<br />Total Perfection!!!!<p>Go see it at the theater!!!! Just do it!!! Now!!!!!you won't regret it!!!<br />I couldn't stop talking about this movie with my friends all day at my job...AND NEITHER WILL YOU!!!
I will admit, it's not &quot;Ghost in the Shell,&quot; or &quot;Princess Mononoke.&quot; And yes, it's differs from the first film. Less sword fights, more romance. But in its own rights, it's a good film.<p>The story is complex and bring you many relatable characters. D is as cool and sleek as he ever was. Getting glimps into the motivations of other characters also help the plot and keeps the audience involved. Okay, the plot and the dialogue tends toward mellow drama. The English dubbing seems to exagerate it. You have to keep in mind that the movie was made for a Japanese audience, whose taste runs different from Americans. By the look of most animes, Japanese have a healthy appreciation for mellow drama.<p>Now the art work, GEORGEOUS! The animation employs both computer and traditional cell techniques. The blend of the two is seemless. Character design recalls those of &quot;girly romance serials&quot; such as &quot;Candy&quot; or even &quot;Sailor Moon.&quot; Impossibly large eyes, lots of long flowing hair, sharp facial features, lush detailed decorations, in dark tones however instead of pastels. This works well in this instance, as the underlying theme is love and adds the element of romance to the dark gothic base of the film. The scene construction is as dynamic as film gets. The &quot;camera&quot; moves through the scene, weaving in and out, taking the audience along into the film.<p>Over all, it is worth the money. Go see it or get the dvd and just enjoy.
I had a lot of high hopes going into the theater for this movie.  It exceeded those hopes in a glorious fashion.  I loved the original, the sotry, the art, everything.  So when I heard that Bloodlust was being played real close to my work I went to see it.<br />  Amazing.  I am a true believer that the original is always the best, but this blew the original right out of the water.  The art form, the story (which was great because, I was wondering where the bloodlust was coming from, and when that was revealed the true nature of the story came in).<p>Excellent anime.  I will definitely be seeing again in the next couple of days.  And, when I hear that it will be coming to DVD I will have my pre-order set.
Ok I just have to say this.  My and my friend,  we watched this movie with the sound off.  And you know what?  It was still very enjoyable.  This movie is all about the art.  The story is merely an excuse to have a dark,  very badass anti-hero walk around acting like a badass in a visually interesting and pleasing environment.  I didn't know until after I rented this movie that it only comes dubbed in English,  and it really threw me off.  I HATE dudding... which is why I had the sound off.  The dubbing on this is about as good as can be expected,  although of lesser quality than Princess MOnonoke or Akira.  The dialogue is terrible and a bit confusing at times,  and the plot... well the plot is basic and not terribly important.  Rent this movie if you want to look at something pretty and nicely animated.
I'm sick and tired of everyone complaining that the anime was not in Japanese.  It was NEVER meant to be in Japanese b/c there is only one version.  Even the original is in English.  The plot is excellent as it stays true to the original and the animation is second to none.  Most will tell you that the original was better; however, I disagree.  The voices are pretty good, although not the best and the audio is very good.  I recommend this to everyone of my anime customers.  The action is excellent and I can't think of another anime movie that is more deserving to spend on than this one.  In times when action anime movies are rare, Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust is a true gem to buy.
Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust is a follow-up to the mid-80's &quot;Vampire Hunter D.&quot;  In Bloodlust we see, D, the half-human half-vampire doing what he does best--hunting vampires of course! <p>I will stop a moment to recommend that you watch Bloodlust on a mid-range quality DVD player or better.  The artwork, while breathtaking tends to be too dark on older DVD players and &quot;everyday&quot; DVD players to really appreciate.  Pick up an entry-level Onkyo or Denon or something of similar quality at the very least and no, Pioneer doesn't count.  <p>Okay, back to the review.  <p>Bloodlust is another Vampire Hunter D that manages to accomplish the Sci-Fi Horror Genre with ease.  I personally felt the story is better this time, and the direction is also better.  Though, it is bloody, and violent, it does the setting well and fits with the story.  The plot, is pretty much exactly as summed up in Solomon's review, so I won't bore you with it here.  However there are a couple of points where Solomon's general dis-interest in anime shows.  The &quot;Confusing Illusions&quot; he speaks of aren't at all confusing and yield some nice plot twists at the end.  In addition Solomon misses the point the artwork and the style of this particular anime when he says &quot;The very limited drawn animation clashes visually with the more fluid computer-generated imagery--D's cape billows dramatically, but his expression rarely changes.&quot;  D is stoic as they come.  His expression isn't supposed to change.  That's part of the charm.  I highly recommend this anime, which is without a doubt a much better &quot;adaptation&quot; (as Solomon wrongly puts it--it is a continuation) of the originial Vampire Hunter D.
From the moment I saw buff guys with big weapons riding around in a modified tank, I knew this would be different from the original. The entire world seems to work on different principles (less gritty magic, more gritty machines), and it comes across quite clearly in this radically different anime style. Fans of the &quot;X&quot; feature will enjoy it, but others will wonder why so many heads look like triangles with *gasp* huge eyes.<p>But the thing that got me to watch the original was interesting violence, and you've got some here. Unicycle-riding midgets, werewolves with giant fangs in their abdomen, terminally ill patients shooting up to turn into psychic juggernauts, and the voice of Starscream! Some of this does seem like the product of a bad drug trip, but it is well-rendered and imaginative.<p>The parasitic (&quot;but I've always been a good parasite,&quot;) hand returns with a bit of sarcastic wit this time, providing the much-needed dialogue and exposition D is incapable of delivering. Still, D seems a bit loose-tongued in comparison to his last appearance in 1985. His voice is well casted (as a matter of opinion, most of these voices are great), but there are times when I sat up in the theatre puzzled, because D just wouldn't say this or that. Still, he delivers the righteous justice and unrelenting effort of any good, sword-wielding anime protagonist.<p>The protagonist complex of so many characters is interesting, because many come across as genuinely good main characters, almost competing for screen time. Some stories are intense enough to push D off altogether, but not for too long. He is never five minutes away from a fight scene. However, the antagonist complex of so many characters (everybody seems to hate everybody that they aren't sleeping with or being paid millions to save) gets a little thin. Carmilla, who could be considered the principle villainess, doesn't even get mentioned in the first sixty minutes of the movie.<p>All in all, there are compelling, intertwining motivations, and enough eye candy to keep the average fan of anime through a sitting, but the ending is cliche (aren't all the best ones?), and other than to catch a few fight scenes over again, I didn't see much rewatch value. But if you can, see this in the theatre. Some of the visuals, and all of the sounds, deserve it.
I must admit, I didn't expect this movie to be that great.  I am a fan of the original, but I know that it isn't the most well done animation piece.  <p>However, within the first five minutes of Bloodlust, I started falling in love.  By the end, I knew that I had to go out and buy my own copy.  I absolutely adore this movie.  <p>The story is multi-layed and complex.  There are no definitive good and bad guys.  I was rooting for all the characters, even though I knew that, in the end, things couldn't possibly work out for everyone...<p>Absolutely amazing animation and music complement the enthralling story and supperb voice-acting.  There are scenes in this movie that are absolutely gripping--you'll want to watch them over and over.  <p>If there is one anime movie that is worth buying, Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust is surely it.
I bought this DVD without any prior knowlege of Vampire Hunter D. I never even saw the original Vampire Hunter D, but this movie is spectacular. The visual is just stunning. The movie would looked so much better if you could of watched it on the big screen. This movie contain nice action scenes, beautifully fluid animation, and a great story. Watching this movie, it seemed more like an American animation rather than Anime. It wasn't violent like Ninja Scroll, but it was just as good. Although this movie was drawned by a Japanese guy, the movie is an American production. So this movie contain no Japanese dialogue or English subtitle. It just in plain English dialogue, but the voice acting was well done. The Extras contain the usual things in most DVD, but more of it. I just wish it had some Japanese music. The music from the Japanese version trailer sounds great. Overall, VHD is a very entertaining movie. The end made me wanting more. I wish there was more information about D's background.
I've seen this movie in japan the story line mixes old and new traditons on the beliefs with vampires. A great revisal yet new twist for the Vampire Hunter D collections which actually features over 100 stories. great updated CG grafics a start for new breed anime movies. If you liked the origanal 1985 version, you'll love the new &quot;BLOOD&quot; pumped into this one.
This is an ok sequel. I wasn't all that impressed with the story line, and the action sequences left a lot to be desired. It also felt like it lacked some of the grit of the original. This just feels like a watered down let's ride the coattails of the original and see who we can get to buy it. That being said it's still better than a lot of the junk out these days and it was watchable.
Maybe one of the greatest animation films ever an amazing opening & plot...this film wastes no time & Vampire Hunter D goes through tremendous development as a character...plus the animation looks fantastic & the fight scenes are top notch
The original D was a tour de force, such an original take on vampire hunters that anyone who saw the movie remembered it decades later. Now D is back and even tougher than before. The animation is simply amazing.  The crumbling crosses in the beginning really set the mood of evil and terror. What starts out as a kidnapping turns out to be oh so much more. The plot develops smoothly, giving little away beforehand. Soon you'll find yourself conflicted, then cheering for the vampire that D is hunting.<br /><br />The end is another totally new twist that M. Night could learn a thing or two from. The villains, merging of vampire magic and technology, and D - all combine for another fantastic to this Dystopian far future where vampires rule the night, and D brings justice with a sword. And this face thing in his palm.
When you see this movie you will think, "Ultra cool."  The delirious pace is one of the best things about the movie, but the characters are also well developed, the dubbing is good, the animation is great, and the situations are surreal and, well, ultra cool.
Created by Hideyuki Kikuchi and illustrated by Yoshitaka Amano, Vampire Hunter D has emerged as one of the iconic figures of Japanese literature. His dark, apocalyptic future have thrilled readers since 1983. The 1985 anime adaptation, "Vampire Hunter D", further ingrained the Dunpeal Hunter in the public's consciousness and remains a cult classic. In 2000, fans were thrilled to learn that Urban Vision Entertainment was bringing D back to the big screen for a second animated outing.<br /><br />"Vampire Hunter D: Bloodust" is a loose adaption of the third novel, "Demon Deathchase". This time, D has been hired by the wealthy Elbourne family. Elbourne's daughter, Charlotte, has been kidnapped by the notorious vampire Baron Meier Link. D's mission is to either bring her back alive or to kill her if she has been turned. However, her brother Alan distrusts the Dunpeal and has also hired the Marcus Brothers, a renowned family of vampire hunters. Even with the unexpected competition, the situation becomes more complicated when evidence emerges suggesting Charlotte was not taken against her will...<br /><br />While technically a sequel, "Bloodlust" does not acknowledge the Count Lee incident and newcomers are quickly brought up to speed on the essential points of D and his world. However, the character designs retain Yoshitaka Amano's style, but benefit from the advances made in animation since 1985. Madhouse's animation is absolutely gorgeous and worthy of being one of the last anime films shot on traditional cels. The English voice track is also above average. Fans of the 1985 film will be disappointed that Michael McConnohie and Kirk Thornton do not reprise their roles as D and Left Hand. However, Andy Philpot and Mike McShane are worthy replacements and make the roles their own.
Adapted from the third Vampire Hunter D book by Hideyuki Kikuchi, this was an international production done in part by American anime distributor, Urban Vision. Unlike some other companies, Urban Vision actually put forth its own moola to get anime made, in much the same way they did for Ninja Scroll: The Series. The film was headed up by Yoshiaki Kawajiri, who did the Ninja Scroll movie, and later on went on to do other American-funded anime projects like Highlander: Search For Vengeance, The Animatrix, and Batman: Gotham Knight. This was viewed as being the sequal to the 1985 VHD anime film(always respect the original!!!), although you can watch it on its own without having to see the first one.<br /><br />Set about 10,000 years in the future, the world is still suffering effects from a nulear fallout that happened sometime in the late 20th Century, and vampires have come out of their coffins to take over. The only thing keeping most innocent humans from being eaten alive are vampire hunters. One of them is the tall, dark, and mysterious D, a dunpeal(or "dhampir"), a well-renowned hunter who is also half-vampire who happens to have a living parasite in his left hand he uses to dispell curses and suck up ghosts. His daddy was actually Dracula, and D tries to defy his bloodsucking nature by hunting down his kind for money. D takes up the job of tracking down the young lady Charlotte who was taken away by the vampire lord Meier Link. Also on their trail are the Marcus Brothers, a team of vampire hunters that were apparently remodeled for the movie to look like the A-Team(I'm not kidding!). Their made of four brothers with their adopted sexy sister Leila, and tour around in their own badass anti-vampire A-Team van. Meier is heading for the castle of the vampire empress Carmilla, D's stepmother that had been killed by Dracula a long time ago. Meier hires the mutant tribe of the Barbarois to protect his carriage on their journey to Carmilla, and they kill off two of the A-Team. Once finally at Carmilla's castle, the remaining Marcus Bros. are taken down leaving only Leila and D. It turns out that Carmilla was using them to resurrect herself from Charlotte's blood. D goes full vampire-Saiyan on her, and then has a last duel with Meier. The movie ends on what is argruably the greatest final scenes in an anime movie ever.<br /><br />There was alot of changes that were made from the book, like the story was more shown from the POV of the Marcus Bros. instead of dealing with D and his journey. Plus, Carmilla is not in the novel at all, and was added to bring an over villain into the story. The movie has a unique roster of voice actors in it, like Michael McShane(of Whose Line Is It Anyway)as the Left Hand, Pamela Adlon(Bobby on King Of The Hill)as Leila, plus John DiMaggio and Dwight Schultz doing a great job as some of the various cast members. Yoshiaki Kawajiri does a fantastic job on this movie, even better than his previous films. The world it takes place in has a lush elaborate feel to it that slides between dark gothic backgrounds and post-apocalyptic ruins. This was as close to doing a Castlevania anime as we're probably going to get, so for a fantastic vampire action/adventure thrillride, then this should be the #1 choice on your Halloween hitlst!
Its awesome! Not as great as everyone seems to think, at least story-wise, but still awesome.
It's an awesome movie. If you like anime, or just animation in general you'll enjoy this movie. Its an awesome movie and an instant cult classic.
Art wise & story wise my favorite animated movie.  The visuals of the crumpling crosses and arrows falling like rain are incredible.
This one is no where near as good as the first one, but it's not bad! However, stylistically, it's TOTAL eye-candy. The movie is beyond beautiful.
The isolation and loneliness of being the result of a union between a vampire king and a human woman--a being called a Dunpeal, someone who can never belong to either side. Strong, powerful and able to resist sunlight for a period of time. The sequel to the 1985 anime hit, "Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust" once again takes us to the adventures of a lone hunter named D. Once again, this lone warrior rides for the cause of the righteous, wielding his sword along with his parasitic hand to hunt and destroy those who prey on the weak. Directed by Yoshiaki Kawajiri, this sequel showcases better graphics, more fluid animation and occurs in a more advanced timeline. This sequel may not have a more intricate storyline than the original, but no one can deny that "Vampire Hunter D" is insanely cool and entertaining. (the only complaint I have about this dvd by Urban vision is the lack of the original Japanese language track)<br /><br />In a post apocalyptic future, vampires rule the night but their number is slowly dwindling. D (voiced by Andrew Philpot) is a Dunpeal, a half human-half vampire who hunts vampires and protects the weak. When D is hired to rescue a young woman, Charlotte (Wendee Lee) from the clutches of a vampire named Meier Link (voiced by John Rafter Lee)--his instructions are very straight-forward, find her at any cost. However, D is faced with some competition with the Markus brothers, a family of vampire hunters who has been hired for the same purpose. D must intercept Meier before he can reach the castle of Carmila (Julia Fletcher). He must go through the forces of the Barbaroy in a race against time. D is alone and has not allegiance, save for the parasite who lives in his hand (voiced by Mike McShane); for he is despised by the very vampires he has sworn to hunt and hated by humans for his bloodline.<br /><br />"Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust`s" main strength will have to be its gorgeous graphics and the enthralling world director Kawajiri had created. This post apocalyptic world is very enchanting in a very ominous and creepy manner. The architecture is an odd blend of creepy gothic style and almost high-tech designs. The costumes are given the same treatment, the band of hunters led by Borgoff (Matt Mckenzie) uses almost advanced weaponry with their tanks, knives and crossbows; but also has an ancient touch with a VERY big hammer that doubles as a wooden stake. The characters and villains are also very intriguing. Grove (Jack Fletcher) is one hunter who looks very sickly but can utilize his life-force to kill his opponents. Meier's band is also as intriguing as the rest, there's a lycan who has two faces, a woman who can change and control her limbs and one who can move around the shadows. Meier looks like a reject from one of those European vampire flicks--handsome, seductive and scary. Charlotte gives his character some balance, looking the way she does.<br /><br />Certain elements also give us a hint of this world's way of life. The "Barbaroy" is a band of misfits and ghouls who also have their way of living--acting as a sort of mercenaries. There's a cemetery with vampire undead who look more like zombies than seductive blood suckers. The small town with a small human population has the rules of an olden western town, a sheriff is the main enforcer and there's a blacksmith who can still do this trade for a living. The set designs and characters all have that very ancient gothic feel that blends mysticism and technology.<br /><br />The animation is quite impressive although I did notice a very minimal use of CGI, much of it are traditional cell animation. The action sequences are full of cool posturing, gore and a lot of blood--limbs are hacked off, heads are sliced in half and there is even a touch of magic in the fights as D confronted Carmila. The music and sound effects are also superb that gives the film a lot of atmosphere and style. The action is reminiscent of the original, and gives us a sense of nostalgia.<br /><br />The film's story is rather simple and quite frankly, offers very little in the way of twists and turns. The romance between Meier and Charlotte may offer some surprises midway in the film, but this was somewhat overshadowed with the presence of the Markus band. Aside from Leila, (voiced by Pamela Segall) none of them proved essential elements to its story and felt more like minor plot devices to make the movie longer by inducing more action and thrills. It does succeed, but I rather hoped for a more fleshed out D, and his alienation and isolation more delved into. The fact that he is an individual rejected by both sides, but he chooses to protect humans needed to be further developed. His interactions with his parasite (funny that this parasite is abundant with knowledge and only helps him because if D dies, he dies too), allowed for some minor emotion and subtle humor. The film's final scene may be a little too short, and should have shown more emotion than the fact that D is immortal.<br /><br />Despite some faults, "Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust" is a significant addition in the long list of anime legends. The film is a great movie with all the action with graphics such a leap forward from its predecessor, the problem is that the film has many perfunctory elements in the slow moments. The original film is superior is many ways but at least this sequel proved a great addition to the franchise. I wish there were more character development with D's left hand and its powers. Still, this anime film is highly recommended--it is solid and entertaining enough to ignore its faults. For a half-human, half-vampire Dunpeal, this film isn't bad at all.<br /><br />Highly Recommended! [4 Stars]
With some fantastically elegant animation and great adaptation of the original Novel, Vampire Hunter D: Demon Deathchase (which is a must-read for those who love the movie), this tells the tale of a Noble and the young girl who loves him and their attempt to flee the world they're living in, and the great dhampir hunter D, who is hired to follow.  Meier Link is the name of the elegant Noble to takes the beautiful Charlotte to flee in this almost Romeo and Juliet style film.<br /><br />However!  For those who get drawn into movies really well, this one is a tearjerker, and I highly reccomend a box of tissues!  For die-hard Vampire Hunter D fans and for newcomers alike, this movie is sure to please one and all!
Theres been a lot of anime films i wanted to watch, and unfortunatly they never seem to keep my interest, even ones that are suppost to be real good, and i watch it, and its just boring.<br /><br />Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust, kept me attentive. From the great animation, and decent performances from the voice actors, i was impressed by how it all unfolded. Though i have yet to see the the first film ( the orginal strangly enough bored me and i couldnt watch it for long, but after seeing this i'll watch the first one)<br /><br />This was made by the man that brought us Ninja Scroll, and i cant think of anyone more appropriate to helm such a story as this. His style and direction suits a vampire tale so well i think. From the gothic atmosphere to the bloody and violent moments, Yoshiaki Kawajiri does a fine job.<br /><br />The main character, D, isnt annoying, thank God, he has a stoic way about him and some personality. The only thing about him that is at all irritating is probubly the parasitic friend he has on the palm of his hand, who helps him out and situations and cracks cheesy one liners, but thats easily over looked, becouse he isnt all that dumb.<br /><br />The enemies in the film are interesting, they all have their own special powers ( reminiscent of Ninja Scrolls eight devils) but they are not as impressive or likable ). And the competition D has with finding a kidnapped girl, a band of mercenaries, they are hunters that kill vampires and collect money, being payed to find a girl that Baron Meier Link swept away in the night. Those guys are alright, and the leader of the group, Bargoff, is a pretty decent voice actor.<br /><br />Out of all the villians though, the Baron is puts on the best performance in voice acting and how his character was done. Though i wish i saw more of the Camilla character, who appears now and then, behind the scenes of things.<br /><br />This film is kinda straight forward, theres not much intrigue, not much twists, but theres enough adventure and action and fine animation. The animation is some of the best ive seen in modern anime films. I just love the style. Lots of rich elaborate detail and exquisite art, especially when we entering the castle where the girl is held captive. From stairways, to melting candles....and bats lol.<br /><br />The remember the music was pretty good. Like your in a haunted grave yard, or haunted castle. If your at fimilar with the castelvania games, sometimes it reminds you of that type of music. Its inspired and sets a very urgent and creepy mood to the film.<br /><br />One little thing to point out here, is that the girl that was kidnapped, Charlotte, is voiced by Wendee Lee, who had also voiced the ninja girl in Ninja Scroll, so it was nice to hear her in this, she has a strong experienced voice and does a good job.<br /><br />All in all the movie was good, i found little fault in it, and it kept me involved in the story all the way though. It might even end up becoming a regular movie ill watch for the Halloween season, joining Tim Burton's Sleepy Hollow, Anne Rices Interview With The Vampire , among others, as a halloween tradition.<br /><br />So ya, i enjoyed this movie, it felt like Castlevania, it was pretty cool. Id like to see more quality work from Yoshiaki Kawajiri.<br />Definatly worth watching on Halloween!
I had never encountered Vampire Hunter D before watching this movie and I found myself enthralled by the sophisticated animation.  The plot kept  reminding me of the spaghetti westerns that my father used to love.<br /><br />Somewhere in a future dystrophic world, a rich rancher's daughter was kidnapped by a vampire.  An iconic figure in black is summoned to either rescue her, or if she has been turned, kill her.  But there is also a second party of people competing for the reward, a group of siblings who are traveling in an armored vehicle.<br /><br />Between bursts of extreme violence and action shots that remind me of high quality video game moves, the viewer learns a little bit about the stranger D, who either ages very slowly or not at all, and has to struggle against a craving for blood.  The chatty parasite attached to his hand actually provides comic relief and some of the back ground information.<br /><br />This is highly recommended as both animation and plot.
Though brilliant and original in it's art, the first Vampire Hunter D was over, and I was still waiting for it to begin, rather.  But in this movie there was some character development lacking in the first.  It was not bloody at all, to my mind, and I go to exteme lengths to avoid stepping on an ant.  The only fault was perhaps that the romantic vampire lover subplot was kind of sappy and over-used, but Vampire D was even more cool and enigmatic than before.  The whole vampire thing has been flogged to death by popular culture, but if it's done well it's still good.  They obviously spent more time thinking about it this time.  I can't wait for VH3!  You gotta love the possessed talking hand...  Also, the dvd lacked any extras like subtitles, for the hard of hearing, or alternate languages, but now I'm just whining. ;)  P.S.  The sword-lazer gun mix makes it a good gift for lovers of history or science fiction...
Way better than the first.  The quality of animation is incredible as is the action.  The characters are very cool as well.  This movie has gotten me and a few of my friends interested in watching anime but none seem to compare with this movie.
Based on the third novel of Hideyuki Kikuchi's popular series, this film evokes the milieu of its source material with greater accuracy than Toyoo Ashida's 1985 adaptation of the first novel. Herein, the titular character is commissioned by an affluent family to eliminate a powerful vampire, and to return a young woman who he's kidnapped. D's activities are complicated by a society of monsters hired by his prey for protection and a group of bounty hunters with whom he's competing for the same objective.<br /><br />I never had an opportunity to see this in the theater upon its initial release. I assumed that the result would be an adaptation of Kikuchi's work colored by the rapid, severe action sequences and brisk pace typical of other Kawajiri features like Wicked City and Ninja Scroll. My guess was accurate only in regard to the former element; while the violence of this movie is as stylized and impressive in its execution as that of Kawajiri's other directorial efforts, this is surely as measured as it was in print, a story that develops slowly and for good reason.<br /><br />The visuals of this film cannot be faulted. CGI is implemented seamlessly with cel animation to great effect. But the finest accomplishments of this movie's production are an array of magnificent backgrounds that depict vivid pastoral settings of numerous environments and extraordinary, sprawling interiors in which Gothic and Victorian design are rendered with impossibly ornate detail. I've seen a lot of animated features, and this is probably the most beautiful among them. Character designer Yutaka Minowa must be credited for his efforts: while his D is quite similar in appearance to the magnificent illustrations by Yoshitaka Amano found in the novels, the other characters are not dissimilar to those seen in other Kawajiri films. In particular, Borgoff Marcus bears more than a passing resemblance to Himuro Gemma of Ninja Scroll. The elaborateness of the characters almost equals that of their surroundings.<br /><br />Bloodlust is unique among anime in that its original language track was English (the Japanese-language track was actually recorded third, after a Cantonese-language version!). The quality of the vocal performances are very mixed. Andrew Philpot's D is comparable to Kaneto Shiozawa's voicing of the 1985 film: subdued, with an undercurrent of intensity. It's praiseworthy, though it really doesn't compare to the authoritative baritone that Michael McConnohie used to reinforce D's commanding presence in the first movie. Michael McShane provides the sentient parasite of D's left hand with a nervous swagger that compliments the character's comic relief. Most of the other voice actors are certainly competent. In fact, John Rafter Lee voices Meier Link with an imperial menace that's subtly impressive. But much of the dialogue sounds rushed and clumsy, which may have more to do with the difficulties common to English translations than the failings of the performers. It's often difficult to translate, paraphrase and speak an English phrase properly in the same amount of time as a Japanese equivalent, something that longtime viewers of English-dubbed anime or jidaigeki are well aware of. Put simply: for common speech, English is usually the more verbose and Japanese the more efficient of the two languages.<br /><br />While Bloodlust is surely as attractive and exciting as could be expected, it isn't as fun as I expected it to be. The moral ambiguity of the film is refreshing. There is only one protagonist and one antagonist, and the integrity of the other characters is not easily delineated. The film's conclusion is aptly sober, and surely not to all tastes. Technically, this feature is as fine a technical accomplishment as any that Kawajiri's produced and as downcast as many of his other movies. While I came away from this satisfied, it's ultimately one of the more depressing fantasies that I've seen in a while.<br /><br />As DVDs come, this one is just fine. Its picture is rendered with excellent clarity, thankfully presented in 1.85:1. I'm not a videophile, so I can't reliably comment on the peculiar merits of this disc's imaging, but it looks great to me. However, the sound mix is definitely lacking. Dialogue is sometimes almost rendered inaudible by the louder score and (excellent) sound effects, something that often frustrates me about Dolby 5.1 mixes. Menus and introduction alike are as attractive as the film requires.<br /><br />An included featurette is better than most in that it's watchable; its most interesting portions consist of commentary on the film's story and production by Kawajiri and Minowa. Another feature compares rough storyboards to their corresponding finished scenes, which is of mild interest. Least among the extra materials is a "Top Ten" compilation of favorite scenes resulting from an online vote; if you didn't participate in this exercise years ago, I can't imagine that this would interest you.<br /><br />Several of the film's trailers and TV spots are also included. Most efficacious of this lot is Bloodlust's slickly edited Korean theatrical trailer, which oddly features English narration accompanied by Hangul subtitles! Trailers for other Urban Vision releases can also be perused; those who've seen the Golgo 13 and Wicked City trailers on Streamline Pictures' VHS releases will note that Urban Vision acquired the defunct company's advertisement content in supplement to its features!
With his postapocalyptic world and medieval cowboy look, Vampire Hunter D is undeniably one of the coolest vampire-slaying antiheroes out there.<br /><br />And the cool fact gets ramped up in "Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust," which is loosely based on Hideyuki Kikuchi's third novel about this half-vampire hunter. This one is a dark amalgam of loneliness, tragic romance, spectacularly gory action scenes, and some glorious post-"Ghost in the Shell" animation. Not to mention a wonderfully horrible villain.<br /><br />The vampire Meier Link has abducted a wealthy young girl named Charlotte, and her desperate family hires D to bring her back -- or kill her if she has been turned into a vampire.<br /><br />But D has competition, as the rough'n'ready Marcus Brothers (and hard-bitten "sister" Leila) have also been hired to catch Link. But when D catches up to Link, he finds that apparently the vampire and the girl are in love -- and Link has his own trio of lethal mutant bodyguards, who do their best to decimate the Marcus Brothers' numbers. And he unwittingly earns the anger of Leila, who is annoyed that a hated dhampir saved her backside.<br /><br />But even knowing the facts -- and threatened by the Mutant Barbarois -- D won't give up. He and Leila follow the lovers to Castle Chaythe, an enormous fortress ruled by an ancient vampire named Carmilla. But in this castle of shadows, blood and nightmares, D's true power begins to shine when Carmilla attempts to destroy him... but what of those around him?<br /><br />The two "Vampire Hunter D" movies were made fifteen years apart, so don't expect "Bloodlust" to resemble the first movie. This one is sort of "Ghost in the Shell" with a bizarre sci-fi vampire/gothic twist, and a somewhat bleaker storyline -- although nowhere near as dark as the original book.<br /><br />In fact, it cranks the gothic grandeur up to the max -- dark crosses, enormous gilded palaces, dark pillared halls, sweeping capes, blood-soaked dreams and somnolent music. Even the scenes in a futuristic Western town (complete with yokel sheriff), airborne mantas and a startlingly green forest with a ruined palace can't stifle the darker dimensions of this story.<br /><br />The plot of "Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust" unfolds rather slowly, with different motives being unveiled as the story goes on. But along the way, Yoshiaki Kawajiri peppers the story with kinetic, blood-soaked fight scenes (with iron capes, killer vines, astral projection and a giant wolf-face on a guy's stomach), building up slowly to the gruesome battle with Carmilla. Her final duel with D is stomach-turning, much like her red barbell hair.<br /><br />But it's not all action and zombie attacks -- Kawajiri sprinkles in some dark humor ("My NOSE!") and some poignant scenes for the tragic lovers, like Meier's daytime attempt to rescue Charlotte.<br /><br />D himself gets fleshed out nicely in here, despite being a dhampir of few words -- we get to see his loneliness, discrimination, his mommy issues, and his fondness for small children. And despite all his powerful fight scenes, we get to see his more vulnerable moments as well. Even if he does look a bit silly buried up to his neck as he carries on a conversation.<br /><br />Since he rarely talks, most of the conversation comes from Left Hand, who provides sporadic comic relief ("You're not really bad. You just dress bad") and insights into D's mind. And Leila is a pretty brilliant female lead -- tough, rough, hard-bitten, but still able to reluctantly befriend D when she realizes that they're not that different.<br /><br />"Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust" is a dark portrait of postapocalyptic horror, done with beautiful animation and lots of blood'n'crosses. Definitely a must-see.
This anime is definitely NOT childish as stated in some reviews. The character of the movie is hidden in the tiny little things all through it. It does a great job in representing a myth combined with all the flaws and desires in human psyche. Strong, artistic and unique, it remains one of my most favorites.
This movie is a good example of the best of anime, complete with some of the flaws common to anime.  The animation reflects a facet of the peak of cell-drawn animation.  It may not be the most fluid animation, but--for anime--it is relatively dynamic.  The art of the background scenes the character designs and even the character animation is quite beautiful.  The soundtrack is excellent and could easily stand toe-to-toe with the soundtrack of any lavishly produced Hollywood blockbuster.  Of course, there are a few minor problems with the plot, some of the storyline developments seem a bit unlikely, and some of the dialogue is unintentionally hilarious.  These problems are not quite as obvious in this movie as in many other anime movies, however.  I found this movie extremely enjoyable.  I would suggest watching the original Vampire Hunter D as well.  It's not as good as Bloodlust, but is still a rather enjoyable movie and a good example of earlier anime.
je voyais toujours ce dessin anim&eacute; au magasin et j'avais entendu dire que les graphiques &eacute;taient &quot;&eacute;coeurants&quot;. Avec les critiques sur Amazon, je l'ai finalement achet&eacute;. Et je n'ai pas regrett&eacute;. Vampire HUnter D m&eacute;rite d'être connu! Les dessins et les d&eacute;cors sont extr&egrave;mement d&eacute;taill&eacute;s. Il suffit de regarder l'ouverture du film pour en être convaincu. La musique est tr&egrave;s belle et &eacute;voque les anciens films de vampires. Il y a un je-ne-sais-quoi de m&eacute;lancolique dans cet univer post-apocalyptique o&ugrave; &eacute;volue D, un dhampire (un être mi-humain, mi-vampire)qui doit retrouver la fille d'un riche bourgeois &quot;enlev&eacute;e&quot; par un vampire notoire. Cette fois, D a de la concurrence: les fr&egrave;res MarKus et Leila, une chasseuse de prime qui hait les vampires...&Agrave; travers le film, les personnages gagnent en profondeur &eacute;motionnelle: il suffit de voir Borgoff pleurer la mort de ses fr&egrave;res, Leila aux prises avec ses vieux d&eacute;mons, Charlotte et son amoureux, le vampire Meir Link, aspirer &agrave; un bonheur interdit et enfin D, r&eacute;serv&eacute; mais au combien charismatique, qui cherche toujours sa place dans cet univers o&ugrave; vampires et humains ne peuvent vivre ensemble. Un beau film! T-T<br />je vous conseille fortement de voir la premi&egrave;re version du film de 1985, qui est tout aussi excellente, afin de vous plonger dans l'univers de ce chasseur de primes tr&egrave;s particulier.
i really thought this is one hell of a movie i only bought it because i read a few reviews on here and thought i'll chance it but it's awesome im gonna collect more anime :-) they are well great films :-)
I've recently started watching anime and yes I have all the essential anime's from Ghost in the Shell, Akira, Ninja Scroll, Jin-Roh et cetera but Bloodlust is my fav out of those.  I'm not a huge vampire freak either.  I'm was takin by surprise by how well this flick was done.  I could go on to explain this movie but  bottom line - just buy it.  you will not be sorry.  Great addition to any collection.
I was very happy to finally get Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust. When I got to my friend's house we immediately popped it into the DVD player, and I was shocked to find that it didn't have the original Japanese language format with English subtitles.<br />I admit that the English wasn't as bad as some dubbing I have heard, but it was rather disappointing. And because of the case the DVD comes in there is no indication that it dosen't have the Japanese. Of course my friend told me that the original Vampire Hunter D DVD doesn't have the original Japanese format either.<p>Other than that Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust is absolutely extrordinary. The animation is completely breath-taking. If it weren't for the fact that it didn't have the Japanese format I would have given it 5 stars.
I liked this anime alot.moth the story and animation is nice.<br />The half human-vamire continues walking,he enters a town that had many vampire hunters, here a woman has fell in love with a vampire count and they all try to free her and clean the place of the rest of demons.<br />Its a horror anime so its not watchable always but its truly a classic.
First of all, the first one will always be better. The music is one I actually bought the CD for. The acting, great. The voices, great. The animation 50/10. The only flaw was the exclusion of the Japanese dub. I know it was originally in English, but I''m practicing on saying Japanese, and now watch all my anim$B!&amp;(Bin Japanese. But otherwise, a good movie (especially the case, blood red)
D is back and is already on is way to [stardom].If you have saw the first series you will love this film, it has all that makes an anime brilliant. Re vamped animation and fight scenes that will make you're pet monkey crall to the corner of the room.<p>In other words this is a must see anime.
This was a great sequal to the orignal VHD. Its different art style and action pacted sceens lead you into the world of D and thase poor souls that live along side the vampire and mutants of a world gone through hell. All in all this film series rates up there with LotR with me as one of my number one picks of all time.
It is not often that a sequel is something that truly justifies being related to the original work. Bloodlust takes the mythology created in D and adds to it without spoiling any of the mystery. We still wonder as to D's true motivations. Is he really a hero? Or has his seemingly obvious hatred for vampires and their kin driven him to destroy those with whom his natural inclinations surely lay. D rarely uses the true power that is contained within him. It seems as if he haates even being able to tap into the vast power that is his birthright as Dracula's son. The characters and the world created in the D universe are truly amazing. While set in the same universe, Bloodlust is suffienciently differentiated from the original by a faster pacing and a more revealing storyline. As the characters journey through D's world the viewers learn much more about the complex world which has evolved in that dark future. The production values of the movie capture the original spirit of Vampire Hunter D and can only give rise to a greater appreciation of the moral struggle that must be taking place with D. How can a being like that not go through most of the day without feeling that he has no place in the world that he is helping to create. All in all I can highly recommend Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust. I have tried to avoid plot details in this review so as not to spoil the viewing experience for anyone who has not seen this treasure yet.
Some people seem to think that this is a remake of the original Vampire Hunter D.  It is not, this movie has a new story with the same burdened hero.  The animation is very different and much more like the newer styles than the original VHD.  The story does seem to hold its own and there are still some great fight scenes.  I think I might still like the original a little better, but I was not at all disappointed by this movie.  If you liked the first one and the animation style of newer movies like Spriggan, then you will enjoy this movie.  keep the faith, dEx
This movie kicks...!  Art, music, voices, story, ect.  All of these deserve 10 stars.  This movie is even better than the first.  And sequals always blow ass.  But this one has broken that chain.  This story always kept me interested.  It was paced out perfectly i think. <p>The other thing about it, is that you don't have to see the first "Vampire Hunter D" movie to understand this one.  That's why it is so good.  I still recomend seeing the first one though.  By doing that, you'll have a better grasp on the character D and where he comes from.  <p>The digital art in this is also an A+.  Normally I don't care too much for it, but in this movie it is great.  For any anime fan, this is a must have.
A word comes to mind when watching Bloodlust: Beautiful.  The animation is superb and there's plenty of action.  D, A half human/half vampire is hired to rescue a guys daughter from a vampire, simple enough.  But, the movie does have plot twists.  The violence is on par with the oringal, so don't let the kids see it.
This one is as great as the first. Lots of action and some romance.
This is one Badd Assss mOvie....It totally Kicks Assss...I have seen the first Vampire Hunter D....but BloodLust takes all the cookie....it is stunningly awesome to watch..<p>To all anime fans out there...Bloodlust is a must have..It could very well be one of the hottest animes in this era....i love animes with gore, action, and violence..all of which Bloodlust has...<p>but don't let 10 yrs. old kids and below to watch it...it is very violent..and a young mind should never bare witness to that...not yet...<p>SssSsssHhoOooTttsssS
Over all, I feel that this was a good movie.  The animation is great, as are character designs.  The music is good and the casting is done well, by which I mean that the voices matched well with the characters (which, quite frankly, surprised the hell out of me!).  I have read some reviews that complain about D being too flat as a character, as in he doesn't show us a very broad spectrum of emotions (Heero Yuy from Gundam Wing comes to mind).  Well, normally I would agree, but keep in mind that aside from having to live a very long life, he basically has to live it alone, due to the fact that he is hated by both humans and vampires alike.  I wouldn't imagine that he'd have a lot to say or be incredibly happy about, would you?  No, I didn't think so, so lets leave it at that.  But what really gets under my skin is how this supposed love between Meier Link and Charlotte is handled.  <p>  I'll admit that I'm a pretty big sucker for love stories, especially the ones where the two are struggling against some force that is trying to keep them apart.  However, there is a right and a wrong way to go about doing this.  Charlotte came off as some stupid, naive little girl who really wasn't thinking about what she was doing and all that her decision would entail.  I saw her as just being infatuated with Link, instead of a woman who genuinely wants to share the rest of her life with someone.  Halfway through the movie I wanted to stand up and shout, "GOOD GOD WOMAN, TAKE YOUR HEAD OUT ..., STOP YOUR WHINING, AND GROW UP!"  Link reminds me of some arrogant [guy], too stiff to convince me that he is capable of loving anyone.  From the way the couple interact, it doesn't seem that the two are in love at all, just a pair of desperately lonely people who depend on each other for company.  In my opinion, that is a hell of a lot different than love.  Their dialogue and how the voice actors portrayed them with their performances just doesn't cut it.  (I know, I know...  I said I thought the casting was done well, but how the voice actors match with the characters and how they depict the characters with their performances is entirely different) "Please, don't take me back, I'm just a widdle girl!" "I can't go on without you my love," GIVE ME A BREAK!  You don't just roll over and die for love.  When you sit back and think about it, it doesn't make any sense.  You fight for it, damn it!  If something you love is being threatened, grab a gun, a knife, a sword, a big friggin' stick, ANYTHING and fight like hell!  At least that's the way I feel about it.  Charlotte should have been portrayed as a woman of real conviction, a person who genuinely believed in the love she felt.  Link would have been better, and more believable, as a character if he had been given better dialogue and more emotion.<br /><br />So to sum it all up, a good storyline and a good movie if you're not expecting too much, but as a love story: horrible.  If those two had been depicted as believable characters, two that were genuinely happy together, then it would have been perfect.  Normally, I'd give something like this a mere three stars, but I have to give the producers credit for the animation, casting, and musical score.  Oh, and there is another thing that has bothered me for some time: JUST WHAT THE HELL IS THAT THING ON D's HAND!?!?!
Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust is breathtaking. It lives up to the promise hinted at in the first Vampire Hunter D movie, and gives the viewer beautiful animation, heart-pounding action, and a multi-layered and engrossing story. Bloodlust stands head and shoulders above it's predecessor, and further develops both the characters and world of Vampire Hunter D.
The original Vampire Hunter D is an Anime classic, much like Akira.  This sequel is by no means a let down.  The story and animation are excellent.  If you've seen the first Vampire Hunter D, you need to see this.  If you're new to Anime, both this and the origianl should be on your must see list.
I can't say that I am the biggest fan of anime, but I can say this... If you love vampires, action, love, blood and a good story then bloodlust is just for you.  For those who have seen the first of Vampire Hunter D, there was more action then there was plot.  In this movie there is now a more in depth look at the characters and it actually involves a love story!  Even if you are not into all of that blood and gore I still strongly suggest that you see this movie at least once.  There is never a dull moment and it has a very detailed plot line.  Just watch it, you may be surprised( I was).
To sum the movie up in two words: Nothing Better! The animation is spectacular, the storyline not hard to understand, and the characters are just perfect. For those of you who want a movie that will fill that empty spot for action buy it now, you won't regret it.
If you have seen the first Vampire Hunter D, then you are probably wondering if this is any better than the first one...  Overall this movie is really, really good:<p>Pros:<p>1) The dark animation of the movie is amazing and much better with respect to the first movie.  I was really impressed.<p>2) In the story, D was not the only character focused on. There were other characters that took some of the spotlight.<p>3) The movie is independant on its own and you don't need to see the first Vampire Hunter D to see this one. (although if you saw part I you'd enjoy the character more, in my opinion.)<p>4) The story in the movie was very exciting equally along it's length.  I never felt myself get bored at any point throughout the movie.  The gothic hint in the story really gave more color to the movie characters.<p>5) There is no full nudity in it, so kids can actually watch it (well if you are okay with the violence).<p>Cons:<p>1) D,... never really had a challange, he was more like pressured to take moral decisions.<br /> <p>Overall, a must have.... Almost to the level of Ninja Scrolls but still beneath it in story.  Definately above Princess Mononoke level.
In one word amazin.g The Cell count on this aniem was so high, the budget so large.. you cant help but oogle evry scene at the impecable detail they added into everey single frame! without a doubt one of the best anime ever. <p>One note tho. NOTE FOR KIDS/CHILDREN UNDER 16!!! Many bloody scenes, adult scenes (no nudity), and lots of death... but then again.. if you have scene the first D move you will understand.
... This movie is great, and there's a reason why D's facial expression never changes: it indicates his emotionless personality. The ending wasn't confusing, either; I understood what was going on well enough. The voice acting is the only bad thing about this movie (well, that and Leila), but it's actually much better than most English langauge anime that I've seen. If you liked Ninja Scroll, you'll like this.
A nice sequel for an all time classic anime. Brilliant animation with a great storyline make this an awesome anime altogether. All anime fans owe it to themselves to get this now.
...I HATE dubs.  But Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust is an exception because the film was made in English!  That's right.  Because Urban Vision was involved with financing the film, it was decided to create an anime feature from the ground up for the American market.  So quit complaining about the lack of subtitles because THERE IS NO JAPANESE AUDIO TRACK!  The film played in Japan in English with Japanese subtitles!<p>The English voices are, typically, hit-and-miss.  The actual dialogue is creaky and obviously written by an amateur.  (At one point a character agrees with another THREE TIMES in a single speech -- "Yeah.  That's right.  I agree with him on that point." -- just so he'll be saying enough words to match the lip-flap.)  But look on the bright side: by not having to read subtitles you can fully devote your attention to the film's magnificent visuals.  So...start watchin'!
I really prefer this flick better then the first movie, the first was good sept this one is a whole lot better cuz of the lengh, good voice overs for the characters, good animation, and a better story. So if u haven't seen this flick yet go and see it cuz it's awesome one of the best animes to come out on dvd this year  so i recomend this to any anime fan or a fan of the original, and also to people who dont watch anime.
A superior sequel.  It leaves it's predecessor in the dust!  The animation will leave you in awe, and the story will leave you wanting more! Let's hope it doesn't take them another 17 years to make another sequel.  My only complaint about this DVD is that too much of the movie took place during daylight hours.  I think it took away from the creepy atmosphere the director was trying to convey. That being said, Vampire Hunter D : Bloodlust will make a welcome addition to any anime or DVD collection.
This is more of a response to one of the reviews I read. The guy gave it 2 stars because it didnt come with his precious japanese vocal track. Normally I'd complain too... except I noticed something. The DVD comes with the trailers for the japanese and the Vietnamese versions. Both, I repeat BOTH of the trailers had clips from the movie in them amd were in english... which means it was MADE in english. The only japanese or vietnamese that was spoken was the parts done by a native narrator like every movie. That's why it doesnt have the japanese dialoge... there never was any. But I could be wrong.
This has to be the best anime and best vampire movie I have ever seen.  PERIOD!!  First off, the animation is just out of this world, it is leaps and bounds ahead of anything I've seen except maybe Ghost in the Shell.  It was just so crisp and clean.  Second, I have never seen a movie where the music just fit so perfectly.  I literally had goose bumps at some parts.  Third, the story is great.  Now like others have said it does have a few parts that you sorta have to quess on what's happened or how it's happening but it's nothing too major.  Fouth, The characters are just great and have real personaltiys and their not just cookie cutter.  Now on some of the other reviews people have said how they prefer the japanese voices and that they were dissapointed that they aren't in the movie.  Well guys I hate to break it to you but there aren't any japanese voices.  The voices for the characters were all done here in the states and the movie was never done in japanese that is why you can't have japanese dubbing.  I personally don't think the voices could have been done better, they just fit every chracter.  So all of you that don't own this movie go out and buy it right now!!!!!
I don't write a lot of reviews here, and I wasn't planning to write one for this DVD, until I saw that someone gave it a bad review because it was English-language only.  Obviously, some people don't know about this, so I feel the need to explain.  The movie was originally dubbed in English.  The Japanese director and producers made this film IN ENGLISH, so there is no Japanese language version.  There never was one, so there's no way to put it on the DVD.  Japanese people have had to watch it in English with Japanese subtitles.<p>Okay, now that that's out of the way, I just have to say that this movie is terrific.  It is a little bit sappy at the end, but what tragic romance isn't sappy?  It has great pacing, spectacular action scenes, amazing art, and convincing voice acting.  This movie does everything right.  Even people who don't normally follow anime will like this movie, and that's a promise.
Before I go on about how great this movie is, let me just take a second to point out a few of the things less than perfect that appear in the film.<br />  OK, there English dubbing tend to get a bit annoying at times (the female bounty hunter mainly) and since this was actually produced in the US, there's no Japanese dubbing at all.<br />  That female bounty hunter that I just mention was often painful to watch and her reason for becoming a hunter was just a total cliche. That, coupled with D, a cool character maybe a bit too much of the stereotypical loner protagonist, almost made parts of the film almost comical.<br />  That said, the movie as a whole was just awesome. A pretty damn innovative story (although one of the bad guys was obviously "borrowed" from Ninja Scroll") with some of the most beautiful animation seen anywhere. It really was a thrill ride that seemed to be both cutting edge and reminscent of some of the cool, early/mid 80s anime. Really cool stuff.<br />  If you dug the first D movie, Ninja Scroll, Mononoke or any action oriented anime, or have yet to see any Japanese animation, pick this one up.
This movie is one of the best animes I've seen in a while.  It has absolutely stunning visuals.  The plot is a little complex, but not so much as to be confusing like many other japanese movies.  The character development did leave a bit to be desired, but they did craft a plot with a few more subtleties than the first Vampire Hunter D movie. Voice acting is top notch and, for those of you who seem a little confused, the movie was only recorded with an english voice track. (Much like parts of Blood:The Last Vampire) Never heard why, but I don't mind so long as it is well done.
I'm a big fan of the first one. A classic in every sense of the word. But this new one does more than just pay homage... it improves on the animation, and story of our favorite gothic half-breed. And lo and behold, the hand was actually funny! Well, when he wasn't taunting D, that is.
First off, this movie was created with english voice actors.  This movie was not originally dubbed in japanese.  When the movie was premiered in Japan, they watched with Japanese subtitles.  Now after clarifying that, I'd like to say that I was so impressed with this movie.  I loved the original Vampire Hunter D movie and I felt this was a huge step up.  Both movies are classics for there time.  The first is not as impressive artistically yet can still be appreciated and even praised for being so much fun now.  But Bloodlust blew me away with beautiful artwork, amazing landscapes, and very creative characters and monsters.  The voice talent was also impressive and the storyline, yet thin was very gripping.  I also felt that the way this movie was compiled, reminded me of Ninja Scroll.  So if you were a fan of Ninja Scroll, give Bloodlust a shot, or vice versa.  Enjoy.
I liked this better then the first flick , its not the same story its different.Its got a good plot,good length and flow to the story, cool characters,& the animation is awsome.<br />So i recomend this to any anime fan out there
this is by far the best anime movie i have ever seen!!!!!!!!
Yep, I think that that title would easily say it all. This movie far outclasses anything else save Miyazaki that I've seen before, and I am a huge anime freak. In fact, I'd have to put it easily above Princess Mononoke, and that's saying alot.<br />If you've seen the original, forget all about it. This movie will blow you away. Bloodlust is sleak and dark, with beautiful character designs, scenes and music. The plotline will leave you reaching for tissues more than once, with it's fated love and tragic heros. My favourite scene is either when D and Leila are in the rain together, or when Meier and Charlotte are on the bridge at sunset... oh, but the "sand manta's" are awesome too.. None of this movie is cheap "filler" animation. The producers squeezed every bit of gorgeous stuff they could into it, and the english voice actors do a fantastic job. I especially appreciated D's voice, it was a perfect fit.<p>PLot: The dunpeal, or half vampire, D, is hired to rescue the character Charlotte, who has been kidnapped by the vampire Meier Link. He must compete with the Marcus brothers, however, who are also on the case. D will soon find out that not is all what it seems with Meier and Charlotte, as everyone races to the castle of Countess Carmilla for the final battle.<br />This movie is well worth your money, and is the one that I would reccomend highest, of all the anime I've seen as yet (which is a considerable amount) as I said earlier, only Miyazaki's movies can compare, and not even all of those...
I can only sum up this movie in one word...WOW
Knowing the difference in time between this movie and the first American release of Vampire Hunter D, I kinda like this one better. I have them both and watched them in a row, but this one just clicked more. If you loved the first one, or are an anaime fan in general you WILL love this movie.....
I've seen so many Animes, they all seem to be blurring together. This one shown out through all the rest, the animation is amazing, with a mix between digital 3-D computer animation and high quality hand drawn. D, is a very interesting character. You won't ever see another character like him in another anime, except of course for the first Vampire Hunter D. You'll be placed at the edge of your seat as Vampires, and various demons cause havoc for the the main characters of the film.<br />There's plenty of special features, including tons of Previews for other animes. <p>Take my word for it, from a guy who's seen about every anime humanly possible, this is a stand alone masterpiece.
I just realized the original Vampire Hunter D was made in 1985, thats almost 20 years ago!  And sweet Jesus has animation evolved since then.  The first thing you'll notice about Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust is the clean, crisp, and beautiful animation, not to mention the close attention to detail you'll notice in different scenes.  I'll tell you now that this isn't called Bloodlust for nothing, blood flows like water and if you like your anime with buckets of blood and gore you'll love this.  Anyway, the story revolves around our hero D who takes a bounty to find a vampire named Meier Link who has kidnapped a girl named Charlotte, only D also has to contend with a group of vampire hunters called the Markus Brothers who are also after Meier Link.  What develops however is that all is not what it seems, and some revelations are revealed leading to one last bloody battle that fans of the original Vampire Hunter D will either love or hate.  All in all, Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust may not be as good as the original, but it is a great anime nontheless.  Also recommended is Jin-Roh The Wolf Brigade, which is another great anime worth owning.
The first VHD movie tried to stay true to the source manga but failed due to budget constraints. This movie however is as good as it gets, the characters appear in the correct lineup this time, and the voice acting is much better as it was originally created for english speaking dialogue (the japanese had subtitles this time). There is significant use of CG (computer Graphics) but this is totally un-noticeable and helps create perhaps the best looking anime ever made, even surpassing Ninja Scroll and Ghost in the Shell. MADHOUSE STUDIOS is my favorite animation studio, the did Ninja Scroll, X, Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust, a few spots in PetShop of Horrors, etc. Always top notch work from those guys.
Vampires, Futuristic weapons, love, war, Good, Evil....This DVD has it ALL!  Storyline is excellent and original.  Brings an interesting twist to the vampire legend!  A+++++++++ in my book!
I just finished watching VHD:Bloodlust and well what can i say...this is truly an unforgettable piece of anime brilliance, pumped out by the same guy that brought us Ninja Scroll (One of my favourites of all time). His influences are obvious in the character design and exceptional story-telling, though probably even more so through the stunning, no-holds-barred action sequences which display some of the best animation i have ever seen. In other words Ninja Scroll fans will feel right at home though this is DEFINATELY NOT one for the squeamish.<p>While i'm not going to waste time with a synopsis of the story (Charles Solomon did a great job in his description above)what i am going to say is that there's plenty to go around. And whilst it isn't necessary to have seen the original it does help to understand some minor plot developments a little further. The bottom line here is intriguing characters in a surreal world so deep with atmosphere you'll be envisioning every detailed environment long after the credits have rolled. Did i mention the animation rocks...<p>In regards to the dvd as a package, this is undoubtably one of the more comprehensive titles on the market. While the main highlight in terms of special features is definately the making of featurette (Which is more interesting then you think), the video transfer is bordering on excellent and the 5.1 digital audio track compliments the moody orchestrated music with breath-taking results. By far the best i've heard for any anime. Also worth noting are the voice overs which i found to be character appropriate and well executed for an english dub. Although "lefthand" does steal the show ;)<br /><br />Anyway wrapping things up, i would highly recommend VHD: Bloodlust to any fan of good action/adventure/horror movies - not just anime - and to anyone who enjoyed the likes of Ninja Scroll. For you people i say don't think...run as fast as can to the store and allow yourself to be seduced by the gothic masterpiece that is Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust...
This movie is ASTOUNDING!  It is a visual treat as well as an intelligent one.  The characters are well thought out and the movie's pace is non-stop.  This film is far superior, in terms of production value, to the original.  This film doesn't have heroes and villians in the traditional sense, but more like a prospective choice between the lesser of two evils.  Mata Yamamoto's art is fabulous! Yamamoto simply outdoes himself with Carmilla! Not to give away the story line, BUT female villians like her don't come around very often.  The DVD brings a whole new feel to the movie with the behind the scenes feature and the storyboarding aspects that enhance this epic's value. If you like Anime, or even if you are a fan of Yamamoto's previous work for the Final Fantasy games, you won't be let down. Nice Hat indeed!
When i first saw Vampire hunter D, i thought it was the best anime i had ever seen, in my opinion the animation was amazing(i saw the movie in 1991, the movie was made in 1985). It has absolute everything: a simple yet interesting story, contains good dialogues, good music and of course the clasic dramatic effects seen in vampire stories.<br />first of all, the hero ¨d¨is one of the coolest heros around; he's powerful, a man of honor, and a man with lots of pain in his life since he can't live with humans and yet he's not a nightcreature.<p>Vampire hunter D:bloodlust is just another adventure of ¨D¨, the action scenes are really nice and the animation is great, i don't know why many people do not agree, i even thought the animation was better than ¨blood:the last vampire movie¨, and of course D remains as the coolest hero. Maybe the only thing that is missing in this film is a better storyline and more dialogues; however is not disapointing in that aspect, is just that if you compare the storyline with the first film, the first one is more superior.<br />In my opinion, if they would make a remake of the first Vampire Hunter Film, it would be the best Anime ever easily.
Now I don't own this DVD but I have seen the movie. It is the same story as the first Vampire Hunter movie, a duaghter of some guy gets kidnapped by a vampire and he has to get her back! But D is in competition with another group of people to find her. The animation in this movie is amazing, I mean its great! The atmosphere is good and dark like it should be! The monsters are better looking, the characters are cooler and Vampire HUnter D is much better, his voice is better, his horse, his skin color! Please if you have seen the first movie and don't feel like watching this because the animation wasn't good enough for you then try this out (not to say the first D movie wasn't!).
With D, the character of renowned anime status from the original Vampire Hunter D film, ans his symbiotic hand, this was an excellent experience in the theatre. The art is incredible, and the story unique, as well as having the gothic-tech feel of the original. This was, in my opinion as good or better than the original movie, I recommend it highly to all anime fans.
Now, the original will always be a classic. Unfortunately, even though this film is good, it will always be the film that came AFTER &quot;Vampire Hunter D.&quot; The influence and popularity of the original cannot be denied, even by people who think otherwise, however that does not mean this movie is in no way bad.<p>For one, it excels in characters. The enemies and heroes are more fleshed out, and some of the heroes (the Marcus Bros. specifically) make you wonder which one is worse. Meier Link, especially, is a well developed character, and you begin to feel for him. I didn't experience such feelings in the original.<p>Also, it excels in storyline. It annoys the hell out of me when people say otherwise, because I don't think they really know what they are talking about (some people, I've noticed, have a habit of simply summing things up with &quot;good animation, bad storyline&quot; and failing to elaborate). The original had the usual plot of &quot;girl in trouble, save her.&quot; This goes for the same fling, but...wait...girl REALLY in trouble? Or girl NOT in trouble? There is also the addition of an evil Countess, and even though some have said she is just thrown in there, if you really study the film and understand the characters you'll realize she's there the whole way through. So if you like action films that aren't just blood and guts, then you should definately watch this film.<p>I guess I can't really say much else, but &quot;oh well, whats the sound of one hand yapping?&quot;
I  had been waiting for years for a follow-up to my favorite horror anime, &quot;Vampire Hunter D&quot;, and it has finally come, looking far better than I expected.  The visuals are a mix of the original movie and &quot;Ninja Scroll&quot; (in fact, Yutaka Minowa was the character designer/animation director for both movies), the latter of which being my favorite anime.  The music is classic, although not quite as memorable as the original.<br />  However, the two problems I had with the anime are the story and the characters.  The story's not bad, just not as good as the original and very predictable.  The characters...well, let's just say there's no Regancy (or anyone close).  Leila was paper-thin, boring and a worm (what's with the sideburns?), and I was just waiting for her to get killed off.  Hand was a huge disappointment, annoying and cowardly; I was really hoping D would cut him off sooner than later.  The others were decent; Meier stood out because he was visually well-designed but again, didn't stand out personality-wise.<br />  All in all, I give this DVD a 4.5 (it would be nice if some of these anime DVD's included original character designs); I'd recommend it for any anime fan, if not simply for the visuals, but all in all it's fun to watch.  But MAKE SURE to watch the original first.
I actually had to order this movie overseas from one of the Asian market stores so I could get a subbed audio version rather then this awful atrocious dubbed version we're forced to hear.  The animation is incredible and the overall story fits with the movie just like the first movie, but if you're expecting more new age fight scenes like with Trinity Blood or Hellsing you're going to be disappointed then.  Again though I'd advise trying to get the subbed version of this movie as the terrible acting and awful timing of the dialogue just makes you wince sadly this happens primarily with the main cast characters which really hurts the enjoyment value of the movie even more(Comes as no surprise we haven't heard any of the actors/actresses on anymore anime movies or series luckily).
Thought I would try an anime to see what I missing out on, wow was this horrible. I think I and everybody else should sample the best of a medium. I get that this isn't in that number, but again wow. The mentality of someone that could enjoy this boggles my mind. I'll try Ninja Scroll and if the story development is as offensive I'm checking out. This makes X-Men 3 seem reasonable.
This movie was pretty good, but it only had a portion of the essence that makes a lot of Anime instant classics and that make you want to watch them over and over. The art-work was fantastic and the scenes were pretty cool as far as action goes. But it is on no level like Akira, Ghost in the Shell, Ninja Scroll, or even the Dragon Ball Z movies. I guess it was story line. It was a good movie, but unless your a Vampire Hunter D fan, this is just a one-watch and done.
I recieved the movie in a timely manner in the shape that is said it was in which was great. I have no complaints at all it was a great transaction
A much improved story and the anime was far superior to it's predecessor "Vampire D". A very enjoyable feature and worth watching.
If you are into anime and vampires than Bloodlust is a MUST HAVE. This is something you will want to watch over and over again. This is a movie you don't want to end.<br /><br />*slight spoiler warning*<br /><br />Unlike in other vampire movies, this one has a twist. The vampire that steals the girl actually loves her.<br /><br />****<br /><br />The action, the passion, the comedy. It is all there; Bloodlust has the whole package. You will not be disapointed.<br /><br />If I had to criticise the movie it would be that there is no part two or that it is not twice as long. Seriously, this movie is that good.<br /><br />I'll be buying another since I lost the last one I had.
No one can deny that the animation in this movie is gorgeous, stunning, beautiful. Characters all have depth to their faces, fluidity to their movies, while still being realistic moving, which is hard to do in animation. While some disagree, the dubbing really isn't bad at all, it even borderlines on good, as do the actors chosen to lend their voices to the parts. However, I'm not the first to say that the connection between Charlotte and Link was, well, silly at best. Charlotte comes off as being stupid and Link comes off as being an uptight psycho-possesive boyfriend. D was the best in this movie. People complain he didn't have enough depth, well, he's gonna be around for a while. I doubt that he has any desire just to pop out and fall in love, become someone's best friend, save a puppy, etc. He was stunningly animated. Maybe that's just my love for D. Overall, if one could combine the beautiful animation of this one with the storyline of the original, it'd be the classic anime, the touchstone for all anime to come. This is worth buying, I believe.
One day I went down to the movie store and rented this movie. I was thinking OK a half-good movie to pass the weekend. I watched it and I was like WOW! The graphics were amazing! O_O Meier Link was one of the coolest characters in anime. And D was just awesome. The plot was amazing as well. I watched this when I was 13.<br /><br />I strongly recommend it to any anime lover.<br /><br />I'd rate it for 13 and up
I was totally blown away by the Animation and story line. The music needed to be as charismatic as the first VHD, but it does the trick. This is a must have for Anime and Gothic fans. D seems more sullen and tortued than the first one. This added a nice mysterious touch which leaves his character open to many more adventures and suprises.<br /> After watching it over and over, I found new nuances each time. The original (if there ever was one) japanese track should have been included. The voice over acting was sufficient but had tell tale signs of translation problems, (can you say crouching tiger).The DVD case and cover is pretty cool too.<p>I'm hoping to see more adventures of VHD, keep them coming!
Before going deep on this review something must be made clear as there are lots of reviews that are not being acurate on this point: Vampire hunter D: Bloodlust original soundtrack IS the english version. A joint-venture between a US company (Urban Vision) and japanese producers, all lips are synched to the english soundtrack that is available on this disc, even the japanese trailer has subtitles, just like the theatrical run did on Japan. Later they made a japanese audio track, but as that is a DUB, I really don't care for it (shame on you if your reasoning for the whole dub/sub argument went down with this one).<p>The first Vampire Hunter D animation, an OVA released on 1985 in Japan and later in the US (also available on DVD) became an instant classic among fans, and years later it was still ranking high with fans, a cult second to Akira.<p>While not exactly a sequel (and you can't really tell if this is AFTER or BEFORE the original OVA), this moviei s another story on D's life, a hunt after another vampire. But this is just the excuse to explore two aspects of the vampires: the forbidden love between a vampire and a human, and the question on how eternal life would affect you (something dealt on the first one).<p>Animation is just great, blending computer graphics and traditional animation to create a dark and richly detailed world. Sound effects<br />are on their right place and the musical score is great, adding depth to the characters and the situation they face. As any anamorphic DVD, video is just great (althought it is a bit grainy, more to give more of a film look, as details are really sharp on this one).<p>Bloodlust may not be an anime for everyone, as it is got more depth than the average releases out there, but it is an easy to follow and entertaining movie, an instant classic just as it's predecessor.
The original Vampire Hunter D was one of the first movies that got me hooked onto anime, Akira being the first. I hold it in a warm spot near my heart, for numerous reasons. Sure, the animation isn't that great, but I believe the original Vampire Hunter D is about more than stunning good looks. It is a tale of  overcoming social boundaries, doing what is right and struggling to find out what 'right' truly is. Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust draws more on these themes than the original. This may have something to do with the fact that this movie is based on the 7th(?) book where the first one was based on the 4th(?), I am not entirely too sure. But the characters are much more mature as well as the way the story is told. Vampires aren't portrayed in the stereotypical manner of  complete bloodsucking evil monsters but as beings who do have feelings and act according to them. There are a plethora of monsters in the film, though,  the henchman of Link being a few, the Barbarois, and to an extent, the Markus Brothers are more monstruous than Meier Link. Meier Link is portrayed elegantly and carefully. The viewer never really sees him act dastardly(until the end), but instead relies on the other character's  hatred of him to promote his villainy. As I said before, the character design and development is strong in this film. The plot is also more sophisticated. Instead of just hunting down and killing the vampire for the reward, competition is added, friendships are formed along the way, and more of society in general is shown. Prejudices are displayed in a way that resembles modern society. Also, the creators have made an extremely interesting world that is based in part on reality and part on imagination. It is truly a wonder to behold. The artistic and technical staff is brilliant and the animation is superb. The dvd is beautiful and contains many extras that  will please fans as well as artists. It gets 4 1/2 stars because the dub isn't as well as it could be. There are a few sentences that run together and some dialogue that is a bit forced, but for the most part, this is a good dub. But as a whole, it is a monumental film, I recommend it to everyone, even to those who are not interested in anime.
Goth purists may balk at the liberties taken with vampire lore in "VAMPIRE HUNTER D - BLOODLUST," but anime afficianados will delight in the bold design and extreme action sequences in this bloody prequel of sorts to the certified cult hit "Vampire Hunter D" from 1985.<p>Director Yoshiaki Kawajiri works from a series of fantasy novels by Hideyuki Kikuchi.  The story's set in the distant future.  D, the offspring of a mortal and a vampire has dedicated is life to exterminating vampires.  He's a loner and an outcast shunned by human (because of his tainted blood) and hated by vampires.  He's tracking Charlotte, who's been abducted by vampire Mier Link.  Others on the trail are the bounty hunting Markus brothers and hard-boiled Leila. An extended chase takes them all to Carmila the Bloody Countess's castle for a climax that's nebulous. Either it's a set up for a true sequel or the screenplay needed one more pass.  <p>The computer assisted animation sequences are in sharp contrast to the hand-drawn scenes.  The English voice talents are better than most anime dubbed for the U.S.  The bloody action is in keeping with the consequences of swordplay of a vampire hunter extraordinaire.
I saw this movie in the theater (Shocking!). It was sooooo good. The first movie was a bit goofy but this one was great. The plot, the Bishies, the coolness. I would sugest it to any one and every one!
This is the best follow-up I've ever seen! As a sequel it stands alone. On it's own it can hold without the previous movie. Originally I was under the impression this was set before the last movie. After seeing I understand how people can get the misconception. The imagery is exquisite and the characters are real. You have to appreciate the way anime doesn't WASTE time with cheap songs to sell their art...I'm not jaded because of anime, it's the facts! If you love animation done right you'd never watch another Disney cartoon again. This might make you change your mind like I did, long ago.
I just saw the movie today in Austin . I am here to tell you this : I waited two years to see this movie (pathtic no? ) and it was worth the wait . Everything meshed well together . My only complaint is ( unlike most reviewers ) it could have been longer . Espeaiclly when Carmila gets in to the story . That went a too qucikly , but utterwise go see this movie.
To all anime fans, I have seen alot and alot of animation so far and Believe me nothing like Vampire Hunter D-BloodLust at all, I admit it there are some GREAT ones as well such as: Samurai X "my favoraite so far" and Ninja Scroll but when it comes to fair.. its D. If you have checked the first part of vampire Hunter D then I'm quite sure you are disappointed but you surely are going to change your mind when you see this BloodLust one! Its freaky that some friends of mine even dare to compaire that silly Inuyasha to either Kenshin or D! I have be an anime fan for more than 20 years so trust me in that. Enjoy it.. Snake
OK NOW I'AM ONLY 13 BUT THIS MOVIE KINKS SO MUCH A** THAT YOU WILL CREAM YOUR PANTS. NOW I KNOW THAT IT IS AN ANIME BUT IT KICKS SO MUCH IT'S MORE OR LESS A 2 ONE THE FIRST ONE WAS OK IT WAS NOT THE BEST BUT FOR IT'S TIME I GIVE IT PROPS.  BUT IN THIS ONE THE VAMPS TRY TO KILL THE VAMP HUNTER.  PLUS THERE IS A LITTLE BACK SIDE OF A WOMEN SHOWING THAT MAKES ME HAPPY ALRIGHT.  SO IN ALL ONISTY I RECOMAND THIS DVD IF YOU LIKE VAMP MOVIES.
What's hot:<br />-It's a bloody mess<br />-It has some serious ...<p>What's not:<br />-Some of the characters are just plain stupid(yes, you Leila)<br />-A couple of ironic twists<p>What's strange:<br />-Why don't they put some ... in this instead of extreme emotional love.<p>What's the final word:<br />This is among the bloodiest movies on Earth.  Once you watch it, it may make you throw up.
This movie flat out rocks. Tons of evil characters and heroes that have their own unique special abilities. Almost identical to ninja scroll, but in the Vampire Hunter D universe. Buckets of blood to go along with stunning animation...This is what anime was made to do!
"Vampire Hunter D - Bloodlust" should be recognized for its attempt to revive a long lost cult classic in Anime.  Stylistically, the movie is stunning - the scenary of the world is beautifully painted for its audience.  The musical backgrounds, the character illustrations and the basic mood of a desolate fantasy-science fiction world are inspiring and breath taking.  However, the writers of this sequel to the original masterpiece have forgotten what made the original so immaculate - even without the improvements in animation.<p>The original "Vampire Hunter D" is a must see for all fans of Japanese Anime.  It was a pioneer that successfully created a drama within a warped sci-fi motif.  Earth has become a futuristic wasteland, full of technology and magic.  Mankind work their days on medieval farmlands while fending off against mutants, demons, werewolves and vampires.  The story begins with the non-stereotypical damsel in distress, Doris, a short skirt wearing farmer who fights off monsters using an electric whip.  She has been ravished by the anceint Vampire, Count Magnus Lee, who wishes to take her as his bride.  To escape her and her brother's fate at the Count's hands she hires the mysterious Vampire Hunter D to her aid.  Perhaps the storyline does not seem very complex, but in contrast to "Bloodlust", there was a great deal of mystery that the audience invests in.  The entire character of D, was slowly raveled out, behind his cold and calculated postierior.  One had to wonder if he was even a good guy.  As the movie progressed, we find out that he is half human and half vampire, has a talking hand and has a torn personality - craving a normal human life, yet also undergoing his lone responsibilities at the immortal son of Dracula.  The movie concluded with his victory, though he must leave Doris, despite their obvious attraction to each other.  Thus you have the tormented hero, who must walk his path alone until the end of eternity.<p>Now that you have the background - you'd think that the sequel would be able to provide us more of an insight to the Vampire Hunter D and his true purpose.  But all we get is the emotionally inept super human, who with ease, slashes and fights his way through to another inevitable confrontation with a member of the Vampire Nobility.  There are no secrets left to uncover, no new information of his creation.  "Bloodlust" certainly is action packed - as D races against a miss-matched group of vigilante bounty hunters for the return of a stolen maiden by a Vampire Aristocrat.  The action however, feels more like a well-choreographed John Carpenter movie, rather than the exciting, gorey and unpredictable fight scenes from the first movie.  The villians of "Bloodlust" are also less diverse the second time around - where in the orginal, an entire bestiary of mythological and fantastic proprotions was at the mercy of D's blade.  Now, the story is too calculated and D is too indestructible and emotionally dry for us to really care how many creatures he hacks up.  As for our heroine, we are greated with the one-dimensional character, Liela - who offers no worthy romance plot.  Although she has the most scenes and plot development out of the Markus Brothers (the bounty hunters and competitors of D), her one personality attribute outside of being the "tough-chick" is her fear of dying alone and being forgotten.  This one detail allows for some kind of bonding between her and D, but the script only allowed this to be skimmed at the surface.  She is otherwise just the "tough-chick", who shoots a lot of guns and never has to reapply lipstick.  I miss Doris - although it is obvious her character had died of old age centuries ago.<p>Still, "Bloodlust" offers a few great scenes and is full of action.  Its bonuses, and there are some, rely more on what can be shown, not told.  This time around, we get a lot more landscapes and some very detailed artistry.  There are also small references throughout the movie that detail D's legacy, but nothing in this movie that links him to being the son of Dracula. So, in my opinion, you are better off renting this than making a full purchase.  If you haven't watched the original, make sure to see it first and know how "Bloodlust" should have been created.
directed by yoshiaki kawajiri, the acclaimed director of ninja scroll.vampire hunter d bloodlust is about a half human half vampire bountyhunter,d ,who's chasing after a vampire who abducted a daughter of a rich man.he is also trying  to beat the other team of bountyhunters,the markus brothers,in saving her.<br />beautifully directed,and full of the breathless and breathtaking action scenes kawajiri is famous for.the action over substance kawajiri is famous for.but it's still a very enjoyable film.<br /><br />a sequel to 1985 vampire hunter d .there is  a short cameo by the snakewomen of midwitch in this sequel,in the scene when d enters barbarois city.<br />based on the novel ashai sonorama by hideyuki kikuchi.it is not the first time kawajiri adapts a kikuchi novel.wicked city is also based on a novel by the same writer.<br /><br />along with  the usuall making of and trailers in the extra features,you'll get  fans favorite scenes and the storyboard to  feature comparison.<br /><br />is it better than part one?<br />budget-wise, yes .a lot better.<br /><br />if you are a first timer  to anime ,you'll love this film.<br />if you already are an anime fan,you'll like it too.like a nice summer action movie .
I loved the first "Vampire Hunter D."  I'm not a fan of the anime genre, but that movie stood as a good movie on its own merits.  The hero was noble.  The damsel was capable of kicking some mutant tush.  And the villain was undeniably EVIL.<p>Most of what I loved about the first movie is missing from this one.  D doesn't seem as noble a character as he did before (though some virtue does shine through).  The damsel here is a lovesick puppy who is smitten with the vampire who kidnapped her.  And we don't really even know who the real villain is until the end of the movie.  Granted, this last point can make for a good plot, but there wasn't enough forshadowing to really make this work.  The villain isn't even mentioned until within the last half-hour of the film.<p>The new voice that they got for his hand was a HORRIBLE CHOICE, by the way.<p>The good points of the movie include the awesome musical score and the animation, which is mixed with good computer animation that almost makes some backgrounds look real.  I have heard that this movie was actually made in the U.S., making a literal subtitle translation unnecessary.<p>In short, this is a okay movie, but the original is MUCH better.
First of all, this is a great movie, but, the video quality of the DVD is the worst I've ever seen.  I don't just mean noise (though there is plenty of that too), I mean that in fast action scenes there are severe block artifacts, even some moderate action is afflicted with this.  It looks like they skimped by using a single layer DVD and then reduced the video bitrate to squeeze it into the limited space. When I pay for a movie on DVD, I expect clean video with no noise or artifacts, not somthing that looks like a bootleg internet movie, it's literally so bad that it looks like an AVI that was made from a DVD, not a DVD encoded from the original film. It's hard to believe, but the VHS version in a good player actually looks better than the DVD version.  In addition, there is no japanese language track, and the menues looks amaturish (particularly the &quot;hand&quot; pointer).<p>  While it's a great movie, I simply can't reccomend buying it. It'll only encourage more shoddy transfers like this, rent it instead.
Aesthetically amazing. Very beautiful gothic-style art. Fairly good dubbing.<br /> The storyline however, is not extremely boring, but definitely nowhere near anything interesting. In truth, I believe everyone who thinks this movie was more than decent would not have, had the movie been animated as averagely as the storyline itself. Eye candy truelly often blinds persons from recognition of true perfection. Just about everyone likes this movie though, so be like them all, <p>VHD 1 = superior
I have to say that the graphics were extreme! I loved watching D's entrance! However, I am not so easy to please. I need a plot as well. Here I was disappointed. You can tell americans wrote this story. The plot was very weak and did not even come close to doing justice to 'Vampire Hunter D'. Hey, but the graphics were good...right?
I bought bloodlust and it just happened to be a japanese import. When I popped the disc in it started playing the original movie. Thinking the seller sent me the wrong disc, I was about to return the movie, but when I stopped it I realized there was a selection for bloodlust!  It turns out both the original and bloodlust are on the same disc!! Incredible, what luck!  All this and I bought it for only 10 bux!! As for bloodlust the movie, it's just as incredible as this disc!
Horrible presentation really can kill great movies. On one hand, the scenery is beautiful, the fight scenes are neato, and the plot actually makes sense for anime. But on the other hand, the character artists seem to be treading water; it's so obvious that this was animated by the same company who made Ninja Scroll that I literally felt like I was watching the same ensemble cast in different roles. The sound is so badly mixed that the dialogue is barely audible, and the sound effects practically blow out your speakers, not that anyone would want to be able to hear the miserable "voice acting" that makes the first Vampire Hunter D sound like Shakespeare by comparison.<br /><br />Five minutes into the movie I went back to the menu in search of the audio options to try to fix the huge variance; there are none. Then I went looking for the Japanese language track, hoping that it would at least be better balanced and better acted. That's not available either. An anime DVD with no original Japanese dialogue track??? Out of morbid curiosity, I looked through the "special features" that ARE available; they include a "Making of..." video that is nothing more than footage of the AMERICAN voice actors in studio with an ill-fitting "X-treme" soundtrack, a "Fans' Top 10!" section that just replays "the best" 10 scenes from the movie as selected by some random fan-group (exactly as they appear in the movie, but with a giant number in the corner ranking them from #10 to #1), and the ubiquitous "Merchandise" section.<br /><br />This honestly has to be the worst production I've ever seen on a DVD. Do yourself a favor and pick up a bare-bones, subtitled, Japanese-language version on ["Amazon auctions" inserted by robot] - I promise you you won't be missing a thing.
No Ninja Scroll.the Talking hand was anoying and never explained.  if your a junky go for it.  if you just getting into anime like me than get ninja scroll or ghost in the shell.  Feel free to contact me if you dissagree
THIS THE BEST OF THE BEST IN ANIME
Wow! This sequel to Vampire Hunter D took 15 years to arrive though I didn't mind that much because I didn't see the original until a year before Bloodlust came out. Was the long wait worth it? You bet! You will be able to tell that the animation is a bit different but it doesn't take away from the overall movie. While not quite as dark as it's predecessor, Bloodlust has some creepy moments and is probably more of an action flick which is not a bad thing. As with the first, this sequel is not a typical vampire film and is sure to please fans of the original and even new comers to anime. As for the DVD, the special features are somewhat plentiful. Very nice picture quality but as for the sound quality... Ugh! The sound between the dialouge and the music during the film are so unbalanced that you will find yourself having to turn the volume very high to understand everything being said and other times you will have to turn the volume lower due to a sudden burst of music right after a character's spoken dialogue. While watching this movie, I suggest you keep the remote in your hand for volume adjustment. Other than the sound problem, Vampire Hunter D Bloodlust is certainly worthy to be seen more than once as is the original.
As the title of this review states `Good Story' and that's exactly what this movie represents, story telling and nothing more. The fighting scenes are very dramatic but far too short (they only last mere seconds). Don't purchase this movie if you are really into animation for the action (I am) and this movie almost has no action at ALL!. Again I will like to stress that the fighting scenes are too dramatic, the movie does not give you an opportunity to get into the action. You will see two people about to battle and just when you sit up to take in the full effect of what's about to take place one person just dies!! Just like that !! The movie was good but I bought this movie because I thought it would have been action packed so I am very disappointed.
As an a long time anime fan, I was horrified to find out that Urban Vision decided that they would not only skip making subtitles for *ANY* release of this movie (both VHS and DVD versions) but they would also be THROWING AWAY the existing audio and dialogue of the movie.  The translations used in the dubbed version are much worse than the subtitled translations because they try to match up the mouth movements. Even beyond the translation differences, the voice actors really take away from the movie.<p>  This was a horrible thing to do to one of the best anime movies of the year.  The original Japanese movie is exceptional but such horrible voice acting makes it difficult to stomach many scenes, even for this die hard Vampire Hunter D fan.  I will be boycotting all Urban Vision products after this appalling act of ignorance...
I have no review of the version because I couldn't get past the fact that there is no Japanese audio. With all the things that can be done with DVDs today, it doesn't make any since that this one comes with 1 audio choice. Even for region 1 there isn't even a French audio selection. This seems like a shoddy product.<br />A friend of mine even returned his copy because there is no Japanese selection.
Ok, I saw this movie when it was out in theatres and it was amazing! Unfortunately for me, it was english dubbed (which I hate) so when the dvd finally was released I bought it, especially for the fact that I would be able to watch it in its original japanese language format! However, to my disappointment, IT HAS NONE ON THE DVD! They acctually released the dvd, with only the dubbed version in it!! The special features also are terrible...this &quot;fan's favorite scenes&quot; feature is completely useless and even dumb. <p>Therefore, for the anime itself, I would give it 5 stars, its a great movie, but if you're like me and hate english dubbed versions and expect more from your dvds, I give this dvd a mere 2 stars and suggest that you rent it or borrow it from someone else (or if you can, find a japanese dvd with subtitles with your region encoding).
It is disappointing to find that this DVD doesn't have Japanese dialogue setting.  English voice actors for Anime are [bad].  I always hear similar voice like Goku(Dragon Ball)from all the animes, or either they all scream in the scene.  Can't they afford much better voice actors?
very good movie - 4 stars!<br />but this us edition only contains the english dub!!!<br />(and got very poor picture quality...)
(...)  I don't care how much effort they put into drawing those vampire castles, because in the end it's a lot of static, 2 dimensional scrolled images.  There was hardly anything 3D and cinematic about it at all, definitely nothing close to Akira or Ghost in the Shell.  The first third of it was entertaining, but I expected a much darker, more advanced animation style, especially considering how they were supposed to be using state of the art computers for it.  It appears they used the computers simply for speeding up the animation and layering the sprites.  The biggest problem I had with the new D film was the lack of game rules on how the vampires can be killed.  By the end, the same entities keep coming back to life, seemingly at the whim of the film's creators.  Without rules, a film becomes a pointless exercise.  I just wanted someone to die for good and the credits to start rolling.
Vampire Hunter D - Bloodlust is a definite anime classic! It boasts outstanding animation, exciting action scenes as well as a solid plot of a dramatic story and very interesting characters.<br /><br />D, a famous "Dunpeal" or "Dhampir" a half-human, half-vampire bounty hunter, is hired to rescue a woman named Charlotte abducted by the vampire Meier Link. Also after the same bounty are the Markus Brothers, Borgoff, Kyle, Nolt & Grove as well as Leila, a young woman with a deep hatred for vampires. Along the way, they encounter the mysterious and menacing Barbarois and ends in a final showdown at Carmilla's castle<br /><br />The dvd also includes the featurette of the making of the movie, theatrical Trailers, TV spots, Urban Vision trailers and Fans' Favorite Picks.<br /><br />This dvd should be in every anime fan's collection!
Ah, yes, Vampire Hunter D-Bloodlust. This is an excellent movie to watch, and it's one you'll want to watch multiple times just because it's so good looking! Done in 1993, this is one of the best-drawn/animated movies I think I'll ever see in my entire life! The basic plot is that Vampire Hunter D is the son of dracula and a human mother, called in the movie a Damphir(pronounced:Dam-peal), he has been hired to return a wealthy family's daughter, Charlotte, to them, from the clutches of the vampire Meier Link, but he's also got some competition, the Marcus Brothers. Eventually, D finds out that this same woman is actually in love with Link, and they're trying to escape into space by way of a rocketship owned by Carmilla, a ruthless tyrant vampiress. It's a very good story once you hear all of it, but in general, this is one of my favorite movies, and if you like vampires, werewolves, gouls, or anything pertaining to such previous subjects, this is a movie you'll want to see. This movie does have blood/death and is not necessarily suited for a younger audience.
I don't give it 5 stars .. i give it freaking 10. I absolutely love this movie and it shocked the hell out of me. I though it was going to be a regular vampire killing vampires movie and you know, nothing much but blood and fights which seemed fine by me. But then I watched the movie and of course it has blood and fights (oh so good!) but there is also the complexity of "D" and the other characters .. they're all so interesting in their own way, that just made me care about the plot within the movie much more. THE ENDING ROCKS !!! I abso freaking lutely loved the ending ... just watch it and you'll know what I mean .. dammit i wanted to hug himm lol
The rate system only goes up to five, but it deserves so many more stars.<br /><br /> The story is simply breath taking, the detail and quality of the animation is superv. The sound and voice acting is also of A+ quality, the dark and misterious "D" is without a doubt one, if not THE most incredible anime character ever created.<br /><br /> From the opening scene to the action packed ending you will not want to miss a moment of it. The whole story about the vampire race is so depresing and well told, its simply amazing.<br /><br /> Complemented excellently by the sad love story. Dont wait another minute and deny yourself the pleasure of watching this excelent piece of anime.
I cannot say why. It is, after all, animated. There are few animated full-length films on my best-100 list. Nevertheless, Vampire Hunter D is on my of-all-movies, top-10 list. <p>I am not knowledgeable enough to rate the animation. Maybe the most important thing is it is not evident after the first few viewing minutes; the movie just becomes an engrossing story. Animation only comes to mind afterwards; when something is obviously better done through animation than special effects (somewhat as black and white goes away after a few minutes of Young Frankenstein or Casablanca and comes to mind only when you think back on the film and realize color would not have been an asset).<p>Bloodlust has fabulous characters and a story complex enough and good enough to draw you in completely. It is much better than the first film.
I've always been a big fan of anime, and its somehow the allure of &quot;vampire'y&quot; themes that make such titles interesting. Many fail to live up to the hype, such as the original Vampire Hunter D in my opinion, but this one is just awesome. There's something about D's taciturn nature, and how Meier Link is evil, or is he? Nothing profound in plot, but the action is fast-moving, and if you think hard enough, the usual philosophical themes in almost any anime is there. Excellent anime for the general public, if you don't mind the gore.
I'm only a casual fan of anime.  Almost every anime movie I've seen shares the same annoying cliches:  minimal character development, long sequences of self-righteous expository dialogue, the old freeze-frame-over-a-moving-background image during the fight scenes, etcetera.  This movie has those same flaws, but it also has a great deal to recommend it.<p>The story itself involves D, a stoic half-vampire who hunts other vampires (stop me if you've heard this before) in a post-apocalypse future.  Except that this guy has a talking parasite in his hand that acts as his partner/foil, and in the future depicted here, vampires are a dying breed.  During the opening scene, a human woman is abducted by the great vampire Meier, and her family hires D to find her.<p>This is where the movie gets unique.  D's pretty much a cold fish, but the supposed bad-guy Meier is actually in love with the human woman, and his love is reciprocated.  The only villanous quality I can see in the guy is that he's a vampire.  He leads D and a group of rival hunters on a long and picaresque chase through a bleak future, which is half gothic ruin and half dead urban sprawl.  D's travels are just as often depicted around decaying radio telescopes and highway overpasses as they are in cathedrals and forests.  More of D's past (which isn't a whole lot) is revealed along the way, and his interactions with Leila, one of the rival hunters, help flesh out her character well.<p>Leila may be the closest thing this movie has to a moral center.  After all, Meier's love for his human consort is believable, and it's hard to peg him as a villian, while D comes across as blindly obsessive.  This really isn't a good-and-evil thing, and the moral ambiguity adds a great deal to the story.  Leila has the usual reasons for being a vampire hunter, but it's her moral struggle toward the end that gives her character real depth.  Luckily, she and D don't fall into a romance (which would have been predictable but all wrong), but they do develop a sort of friendship, which makes the ending sequence more poignant.  Yes, this is an anime movie with a coherent ending.<p>There are fight scenes-lots of 'em, and they're pretty bloody, but they're well-choreographed, and the animation is great.  The backgrounds are unique, and for the most part, the character drawings are masterfully done.  The DVD does a great job of keeping everything clear and well-contrasted-not an easy thing in a movie with this much brown in its pallette.<p>All in all, it's not the most original movie I've seen, nor is it the most original anime, but this is a good, solid film that rewards repeated viewings.
This is one of the best looking animes I have ever seen. It's a great improvement from the first movie and it has some cool digital effects. I'm no spoiler so I'll keep it simple. Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust is the sequel to the 1985 cult-classic anime. With more modern techniques in animation, VHD:B is a movie everyone has to see and experience with their own eyes. The monsters are sinister and the fight scenes are action-packed. The DVD has great special features including trailers and a behind the scenes feature. It's a great buy....so why not buy it?
I went into this film expecting to see some good visual art, but not knowing whether the story would be any good. It was incredible. It had all kinds of begrudging &quot;courtesy&quot; between the competing hunters, and a continuous effort on D's part to appear to be a bad guy, while actually being good. There's also the standard tragic doomed love affair, etc. for the chicks to enjoy.
D returns in this action packed follow up to the original. One thing you will immediately notice, is the clean animation. There is a great mix of C.G. and hand drawn cells. The story of D and his life is a sad one. Wandering through time seeing those around him die and fade away, as he remains unchanged and fighting for those that hire him. Just the thought of D lets you know he has an extensive past with many dark adventures.<p>Leila, a young bounty hunter, is after the same thing D is after - a young girl stolen by a vampire. Little do they know the problems that this girl causes. There is true love blossoming between the girl and the vampire, and that is among the most interesting turns of the plot. She wants to stay with him.<p>Like I said, the action is awesome. One of my favorite's is when one of Leila's companion's uses an arm bow, slinging hundreds of arrows up into the air, then fall from the sky in a rain. Totally cool. You can see how far animation has come since the original, not that the original looked bad, just a tad dated. Also it was welcoming to have widescreen, which the original is not. Also the action is a little more discernable. You can easily tell who gets killed, and why. In the first it was a bit shakey in that area.<p>Also, a much changed and more quirky. Funny stuff. Bloodlust is a great follow up to the original. Enjoy!
I don't review movies but after watching this one I'm compelled to applaud it for the great drama that it is. For those who love vampire movies, but care to see more sentimental and intellectual stimulation, this animation does the job well. Usually, I'm not a big fan of Japanese anime with its exaggerated features and lack of realism (both for the caricature of the personae as well as the backdrop), and my inclination would've been to give this movie three stars, but I've given it four because of its strength as a drama. First, there was Bram Stoker's Dracula, then Interview with the Vampire, and afterwards I'll rate this as my third most favorite vampire movie.
Vampire Hunter D: BloodLust is one of the best anime movies that I have ever seen. It has a great story, lots of action, and beautiful animation. If you loved the first Vampire Hunter D, then BloodLust is the anime for you.
VAMPIRE HUNTER D<br />BLOODLUST<br /><br />The Vampire Hunter D films have always been some of my favorite animes ever; there is no doubt about it I am a huge fan of these stories. I have bought all of the books and such and while I have not read them yet rest assured I will and will most likely review those as well. But that aside I have loved this series since well before it was a series [the films I mean, I know the books are a series]. The first one just blew me away the first time I had the pleasure of viewing it so you know the second this was released I went straight out and bought it. Like I thought I enjoyed this one just as much as the first film, I don't know what it is but I just love this series.<br /><br />D is back and this time he is hired to go after a vampire by the name of Meier Link, who has kidnapped the daughter of a wealthy man who has hired all the help he can get to get her back. So D id off and running [or riding, what ever] to catch up with them and get her back to her family. Little does he know that another group of hunters are already on Link's trail and do not appreciate D, it makes sense since he is the competition. This group is a bunch of guys and one girl called the Marcus brothers, a interesting bunch but none have any thing on D. even if that wasn't bad enough Link has a group of nasties of his own like Benge who can travel threw shadows, Caroline who is just as evil, and Machira the werewolf [real interesting guy here]. And if that wasn't enough there is also a place were Link will be protected by the world's rejects the Barbarois. Add the bloody Countess Carmila and you have a big test for D.<br /><br />This is fun follow up to the classic first film and in my eyes is just as good, I love both no matter what any one else thinks. Like I said about the first animation has played a big factor for a lot of people but to me the better production values fit the romance story of this one, because that is really what this film is. The first film was about the evil of this world while this one is about the beauty that could be, a vampire and human in love. I like that the first film is mainly about D were as this one seems more like an ensemble piece. I mean sure it can get a little over done but hey I look at it like the more characters there are the bigger the body count, that just may be me though.<br /><br />I also like that while brief there is a little e history to D in this one, when the old man remembers being rescued by D as a child. Perhaps that will be in a later film And if so that sounds like it could be a good tale, it might be one of the books that I have, I really need to read them. As for D you all know that he is insanely cool and mysterious and not one for talking that much. Meier Link is a cool enough looking vampire but he is one of those old school looking vampires, he can get vicious over his girl though. His girl Charlotte Elbourne is totally in love with his vampiric self and even wants him to bite her, crazy. They plan to fly away to the stars to a place were their love won't be forbidden.<br /><br />The brothers Marcus are an intriguing bunch with one being the tough guy leader, one the hot shot, another wielding a huge weapon and one that while deathly ill can take an interesting course of action [check it out]. Then of course there is the female Leila who kinda plays [but not really, does that make sense] as the love interest to D even after various run ins with him, love the ending. Then we have the villains of the film like the Barbarois who are a bunch of crazy looking fellows who have vowed to help Link. And then of course there is Link's personal guard like Benge, Caroline, and of course our werewolf friend Machira. Still when it all comes down to it none of these characters are the bad guys, at least in a way because each is doing what they are doing for a noble cause [at least in their eyes]. It is the Bloody Countess Carmila who is the real evil of this film, see for yourself.<br /><br />I recommend this film to any and all in fact you don't even have to watch the first one [even though you should] to enjoy this one. They both make for good stand alones but I recommend you buy both. This is an excellent anime and worth every penny.
This is a must have for anime collectors.<br />The animation looks great even for an older film.<br />This full length film is meant for the mid-teen to older crowd, for animated violence and gore.
Vampire Hunter D Bloodlist has got to be one of my favorite anime movies of all the time. The animation is beautiful, the soundtrack is awesome, the voice acting is terrific, the characters and story are original and most important of all... This anime sets the bar for vampire animations. Bloodlust blows the first movie out of the water with ease. D gets more fleshed out in this movie. The real shame here is that there are so many novels for Vampire Hunter D (this movie is based off of the 3rd novel) and so few movies for them.
It has a few flaws, but Vampire Hunter D is so fantastic it's style beats the flaws.<br /><br />The flaws are thus;<br />1.  The sound goes from too quiet to too loud too often.  This is intentional, but not good.<br />2.  They talk about money in Japanese terms.  Imagine if Americans talked about money if a penny was the standard unit of currency?  The high amounts they talk bespeak; "Well it's post nuke so they all can loot open banks, but why bother?"<br />3.  They use the term "Dunpeal" for D, which is a mistranslation of "Vampyrr" and/or "Dhampire".  Not everyone bones up on vampire lore, but the latter two terms are intuitive to an English speaker who's seen even one vampire movie.<br />4.  Just a minor note, but the Sheriff Leila "Flirts" with has far more importance in the book, relating to both her treatment by her brothers and the ending.<br /><br />Now, this movie differs from the book a lot, but I think they did an overall great job with this adaptation.  Benge, the Clouphobia inducing shadowmancer, is far more deadly and scary in the movie.  He also uses a technique not used in the book, but in it's prequel "Raiser of Gales".<br /><br />The Marcus Brothers are portrayed as being slightly more than brutal thugs, flattering from what they behaved like in the book.  Then again, if they'd animated their mistreatment of Leila, well it would have probably launched a talk of a crackdown like the infamous movie theater showing of "Urotsukidoji"...<br /><br />Of course what really steals the show is the love of Meir Link with the woman he's kidnapped and D's hateful pursuit of them, being motivated far more than by money.  I'd have added Carmilla in the movie in my complaints, except it sets the scene for a much more gothic/romantic ending.  Also, vastly improved are the "Barbaroi" and Grove's powers. (one of the Marcus brothers)<br /><br />On fictions that have "Monster is a monster hunters" I go "Come ON, why?" but D is such a fiction that pulls off an innovation, now wretchedly cliche genre.  I'd encourage both the films and to read the novels.
Of course the first Vampire Hunter D was made in the 80's, but it was still great animation, anime always is. But, this one is much better, and the story is actually better too. A vampire love story. I'm not giving anymore away.
Fifteen years after the first movie, Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust shows that the craft of anime has made technical improvements. This film looks good, but still doesn't reach such heights visually as greats such as Akira or Spirited Away.<br /><br />The world of Vampire Hunter D is unique and Bloodlust takes you there, from vast deserts and the Wild West, to verdant forests, to massive gothic structures. Bloodlust also serves up its share of freaky creatures, and D is, as ever, cooler than cool. All in all, Bloodlust should satisfy fans of the old movie, and win over some new ones.<br /><br />Sure this movie was primarily intended to be an English-language film, but since it was a joint production with Japanese staff, and D is, essentially, a product of Japanese creators, I would have liked Japanese language options. And while there may be a good reason for it having been left off, I was also hoping the credits would feature the theme song by Do As Infinity that fans in Japan would be familiar with.<br /><br />Still, those are minor complaints of the "it-would've-been-nice-if" sort. It's a good film and the DVD brings it to you. The rest is peripheral.
Vampire Hunter D - Bloodlust - is what an anime horror, action, adventure, vampire story should be.  A twisted future, with swords and guns, ruins and rockets, vampires and things that go bump in the night.  The setting is an Earth in the far future.  The very far future, an Earth that is just starting to recover from the past, where vampires are starting to die out.  The focus of the story is a vampire who has fallen in love with a human.  Now they wish to escape from everything that hounds them - the changing Earth, the girl's family, hunters.  Great artwork, good character design, good flow to the story - everything you could want in a movie.  Even a cool twist at the end.  The English caste voices are supplied by such greats as Wendee Lee, Debi Derryberry, Dwight Schultz, Mary Elizabeth McGlynn and Michael McShane.  There seems to be no Japanese sound track.  In fact, it seems there may never have been one.<br />The disc has a few extras, such as a Behind-The-Scenes featurette, trailers and storyboard to feature comparison.  But the treasure of the disc is the anime, so get it new or used.  Great for anime lovers or vampire lovers.
Shares much in common story-wise with the original Vampire Hunter D while not being "just another copy". More modern graphics style and voice/SFX and a more involved plotline make this a movie worth seeing for "D" fans and non-fans alike. Good ending.
This anime movie is really exciting with a very vivid plot and a dark sort of twist to the story.  It is defiantly a dark romance.  I have to say that the animation in the film is exceptionally well done and the scenery is absolutely haunting.  It has a very gothic feel to it.  The vampire hunter known only as 'D' is technically half-human and half-vampire.  When a wealthy woman gets abducted by a vampire, D has to go try to bring her back alive without having been transformed into a vampire, of course dead if she has become one.  The story is mainly about his journey to find the missing girl.  But the one question is, did the girl go willingly with the vampire?
This anime is one of my favourites. For starters, the animation is unbelievable, so many details, it looks it took forever to animate. And then there's the plot, original, interesting and constantly flowing, just what you'd expect a sci-fi/fantasy anime to be.<br /><br />Two thumbs up!
My title says it all. If you liked the first movie,(heck, even if you hated the first movie) or have no idea what or who Vampire Hunter D is...you should buy this! To watch the first movie is nothing compared to this masterpiece of a anime film.<br /><br />I recommend this to anyone and everyone. You can't get any better than this people. Really. Also, read the book Vampire Hunter D: Demon Deathchase. It's what the movie is based off of.<br /><br />Ok, time for plot breakdown: Charlotte, a rich man's daughter has been *abducted* (So we think) by a mighty vampire named Meyer. D is hired by the man to retrive his daughter (dead or alive.) while the man also hired a group of renegade hunters to search for her too. D and the group meet from time to time and there is a spark of softness between Leila and D (I won't tell when)<br /><br /> Anyhow, I dont wanna spoil a SUPURB anime for ya by telling the WHOLE plot but I will say the ending is so sweet. *sigh* Unless I didn't already say this, BUY IT! I promise you won't regret it. (And if you DO its oviously because you never watched it, silly!)
Like the title of my review says WOW. I had seen clips of this in a making of the animatrix doc. and thought Hmm interesting. I was blown away. I watch alot of films...ALOT...but this was new, fresh and exciting. You are propelled through the story, not carried not pulled or pushed, PROPELLED. It chops most of the vampire stories i've seen or read into nothingness. This film was so amazing i immediately went out and got the original. And i was let down beyond imagination. BUT this was animated, acted (in both languages) and scripted out of pure fairy-dusted genius. I kid you not. I gave up a large amount of the animated film world because it all seemed the same and all seemed so childish...with some notable exceptions...but this was amazing. i pity the fact that there are people who won't see it because its an animation, that's how good it is. No matter what you like, what you watch or even if you ever watch animation, WATCH THIS it is money incredibly well spent!!
The animation is beautiful in this film, so good in fact that I'd recommend Bloodlust for that reason alone. After more than fifteen years since the original, Bloodlust was definately welcome. The one bad thing about it is the lack of action, and the little action that there is is abbreviated in some way. With exception of two scenes, there are no action sequences that go longer than three minutes. The film, though, isn't long and the story is good enough to carry it from action to action. Great for those of you who liked Hellsing or the original Vampire Hunter D.
..........a more incredible team to bring the latest Vampire Hunter D story to life?<p>Our wandering vampire hunting bad*** has been hired very reluctantly by a local aristocatic family to rescue a woman kidnapped by an ancient vampire named Meier Link.  But D has some competition in this particular mission.  The Markus Brothers, a team of vampire hunters with advanced technology hope to beat D to the prize.  But after a brief encounter with Meier Link, D begins to suspect that the realtionship between Link and his abductee might not be what everyone assumes.  Very dramatic with an outstanding orchestrated soundtrack, Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust is a worthy follow-up to the 80's classic.  And believe me, fans of the original were the most difficult to please.<p>Some people have complained that this DVD doesn't contain the Japanese track.  It should be noted that there is no Japanese track.  Since the film takes place in Europe, the film was originally dubbed in English using some of the top American talent.  Which is why the dubbing is far superior than most other Englich-dubbed anime.<p>"I know I'm a parasite, but I've always been a helpful parasite haven't I, D?"......HA
vampire hunter d-bloodlust is a wonderful movie.it's got violence, true love, adventure, and an awesome mysterious main character.this movie will totally rock your world.it's different than most anime; there's no cutsie characters, and it's definitely not a comedy (that's for sure!).i would actually have given this movie 4 1/2 stars but it wouldn't let me!the only reason i wouldn't have given it five stars is because i wish that we could've gotten to know the main character a bit better (not that it's not great having him be a handsome mystery!).it was also a bit harsh on my sensitive sensibilities toward the end.so if you're as sensitive as i am BEWARE!<br />i would definitely give this animation a ten.it's different but wonderfully dark.<br />i do hope you get this!i know you'll enjoy it!
I'm not a huge anime expert or anything, but I own a fair set of movies and series dvds.<p>I like Bloodlust.  It's a standard-length movie, lasting only a few hours, but it's easy to get into.  It's got decent music and nice artwork.  The characters are really interesting, but I won't reveal anything since the movie is so short.<p>Overall, it may or may not be worth your money.  This the only English release anime dvd that I own, mostly because it costs a lot less for the Japanese version from places like animetoysonline.com.  I like it and consider it worthwhile, because the english cast is pretty good and the dubbing is very well done.  It never looks like a godzilla movie.
Following in the footsteps of such invincible characters as Vash The Stampede (Trigun) and Alucard (Hellsing), comes D, a dunpeal (half vampire) bounty hunter. This is the second installment chronicling the adventures of D (the first being the original Vampire Hunter D). D is a killer of few words and even fewer friends, though he is not without a sense of honor and goodness. Initially, the plot is relatively mundane; Charlotte, your typical damsel in distress, is abducted by a powerful aristocratic vampire named Meyer. D is commissioned by Charlotte's family to bring back Charlotte, either dead or alive. At this point, this anime distinguishes itself from the pack when this seemingly predictable plot churns out a few signficant surprises that keeps the story running at a smooth, enthralling clip. As to what makes the movie so smooth and engrossing can be directly attributed to Vampire hunter D: Bloodlust's superb animation. I cannot reiterate enough how beautifully Bloodlust plays out on DVD. Bloodlust's rich deep colors and sharp angles are reminiscient of Batman: The Animated Series. This being a full-feature movie, each cell of animation is meticulously drawn out. Such attention to detail brings to life the story's dark, supernatural setting in addition to highlighting the &quot;realistically&quot; drawn style of the characters (no cartoony, big heads here). Overall, the story won't lull you into a preliminary coma, while the great action and animation are sure to impress. Be sure to watch the ending, as it is my favorite part in the entire movie. It serves to reinforce the existence of D as something timeless and more than merely mortal. People come and go, kingdoms rise and fall, but D will always be there, brooding and silent as usual.
This is the sequel to the original release back in 1984, This time D is out to save a young woman kidnapped by the vampire meir link. The animation is as good as anything I have ever seen in anime. It ranks up there with Ghost In The Shell or anything else of this caliber. The music this time around is astoundingly good, it really made the movie and the plot is also very interesting. D is drawn to look very sharp in this movie, the detail in his face is exceptional, very smooth and fluid. Most anime is drawn to give good facial expression to bring across emotion, but D is about the best I have ever seen (this time around). For any anime fan, this is an absolute must have for your collection.
Wow! This anime was a pleasure to watch from the get-go.  It is dark and gothic and beautifully animated.  It deals with the vampire theme but in a different kind of way....It is like a tragic romantic operetta. Very stylish and the voice acting was good.  Good audio direction and nice art direction as well.  Worthwhile to see with a loved one at your side. :)
This has everything the first movie had plus more.  This is the same great characterization but with awesome animation.  This has awesome music and a totally kickass opening.  Probably the best opener to any Anime movie I've ever seen!  BUY THIS BUY THIS BUY THIS!!
I have always been a fan of Vampire Hunter D, but I couldn't have even hoped to expect what I saw when I finally sat down and watched Bloodlust for the fisrt time last week. I was amazed by the excellent animation, the beautiful anime artwork, and the totally interesting story that Bloodlust had to offer. VHD was the first anime I had ever seen, and that was nearly 8 years ago, but it is still one of my favorites . . . However, &quot;Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust&quot; is NOW my all time favorite anime . . . topping even &quot;Akira&quot; and &quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot;. If nothing else, just watch it once and see what I mean.
I just have to say that this is absolutely one of the best anime-movies I have ever seen! The storyline is brilliant, and the graphics is really outstanding. If you are a fan of anime, I strongly advise you to add this masterpiece of film to your collection. <p>&quot;D&quot; has been hired to track down Meier Link, a powerful vampire who has abducted a human woman. D's orders are strict - find Charlotte, at any cost. But he gets some competition. The Markus brothers are also hired for the same bounty. D must intercept Meier and conquer hostile forces in a deadly race against time.
