Claimed to be in both full and wide screen. But, not so. Either side is full screen!
My copy DOES have the full-screen/wide-screen options and both are working fine - wish all dvd's had this choice.  Two great movies, if you enjoy thrillers, at a great price!
Of these two films in one package, Black Widow is the better drama.  It's a mystery in the classic style.  The guilt of the killer (played to the hilt by a sultry Theresa Russell) is not in question.  The issue is how the investigator (Debra Winger) will catch her, after tracking her across the country.  The plot is clever, the narrative moves along nicely, and the direction by veteran Bob Rafelson features some beautiful visuals, particularly after the action moves from the Pacific Northwest to Hawaii.  By comparison, the Vanishing is a remake of a European film, with some differences in the plot.  The events are, however, curiously implausible.  Distraught after the disappearance and apparent death of his girlfriend (a then-unknown Sandra Bullock), Kiefer Sutherland makes sustained efforts to find the killer, only to fall under his spell when he finally meets the murderer in person.  In sum, Black Widow works well; The Vanishing falls short.
This is an excellent double set. Both are excellent thrillers. In "The Vanishing" while Keifer Sutherland and his fianc&eacute; Sandra Bullock are at a gas station she suddenly disappears. He believes she is kidnapped and searches relentlessly for three years before beginning another life with a new lady played by Nancy Travis. When he is about to completly give up on his previous girlfriend, the kidnapper contacts him. Beau Bridges is effective as the scientific kidnapper that is merely conducting a deadly experiament. His family life can not keep him happy enough so as a scientist he must try something against the laws of good. After Sutherland meets him it looks like he will meet his fianc&eacute;s same fate. His life hangs on the fact his new girlfriend has followed him and taken the kidnappers daughter for a ride. What happens next is very suspenseful. If you enjoyed this be sure to catch "Breakdown".<br /><br />In "Black Widow" Theresa Russell is effective as a woman that marries wealthy men and then disposes of them in clever ways that look like normal deaths.  A detective played by Debra Winger starts suspecting the string of deaths when she finds an unusual blood test from one. She relentlessly tracks Russell but can't prove anything. When she finally trails her to Hawaii she gets overly zealous and gets to close to the next victim to be. She then gets herself into trouble with the law and thrown into jail trying to prove Russell's guilt when he is killed. How will she prove her own innocence and the Widows guilt? I recommend this DVD set. It is a good value. If you enjoyed this be sure to catch "American Gigolo".<br /><br />CA Luster
I will only review one of the films: Black Widow. This is one of those brilliant films which does not get as much recognition as it should. The performances of Winger and Russell are captivating, as well as those of the relatively minor characters. The setting and the dialogue also add to a flawless piece of work.<br /><br />Synopsis: Winger, an ambitious federal agent, doing paperwork on a Mafia boss' death, and sick of her desk job, becomes intrigued with Ondine's Curse, a painless, nonviolent, death that occurs when sleeping. She then stumbles on a couple of similar cases where the now-wealthy widow suddenly disappears afterwards. She follows up several leads. One of them goes to Seattle, where she meets a potential victim, a good, shy, and kind wealthy newly married anthropologist. He dies soon thereafter and Winger blames herself for his death. She then follows the black widow to Hawaii to her next victim. The rest I leave up to the viewer in order not to spoil the movie further.<br /><br />Both women are portrayed as being very intelligent and driven. Winger is at first obsessed with leaving her desk job and later in catching the black widow. Russell is a master (mistress?) manipulator (who could have been a chess champion), but who nonetheless is "cracked." She repeatedly states that she truly, honestly, loved all her previous husbands and her facial expressions accent her declarations. And, although calculating, she momentarily goes berserk whenever she realizes that somebody is on her trail.
