Like the reviewer above, I was puzzled as to why Criterion would release this film in full frame format when everything else about the edition seemed so meticulously struck, so I thought other people might be  interested in Criterion's explanation as to ask why this DVD copy was in  the full frame format.<p>  Even though Criterion released the so called  widescreen edition previously (1.66:1 letterboxed), each time they  re-strike a new product, they will continually consider how the specific  movie is supposed to be seen. What I was told was that even though most  Europeans probably saw the 1.66:1 widescreen version in the theaters when  it was released, it was their belief through a lot of research and  interviews, that Godard framed, and meant for the film to be in 1.33:1 -  and it was the releasing company that decided on the 1.66:1 format  themselves. They told me at Criterion, that neither is necessarily wrong,  but that they decided to go with what they believed most suited the vision  of it's maker.<p>I bought the DVD after hearing their explanation, and you  will most likely agree with them when you view this version. From the  balance of titles and words on the screen, to the way that shots are  constructed (such as a sequence which is obviously intentionally composed  of only gesturing hands on the edge of the frame during a conversation) I  think their argument is right on the mark. Remember in this season of  widescreen fever, it shouldn't be widescreen for the sake of widescreen,  but to present the thing the way it was intended to be seen.
On the aspect ratio. I think Steve Rose, below, is absolutely right. I have the widescreen VHS and the Criterion DVD and have run them together and the DVD is obviously giving the full print image. The W/screen tape is only widescreen because it crops the top and the bottom of the image,  giving a very cramped composition to every shot. The DVD has a precision of  framing that is always spot-on (as one would expect from Raoul Coutard).  Not only that but the VHS tape is washed out; it lacks strong blacks, and  has next to no contrast - an important feature in a film that is an hommage  to American film noir. The DVD is, all up, a model of care and committment  to a wonderful movie. Now we can see it as Godard intended. (In particular,  we can again see clearly that the synchronised swimmers are stabbing the  executed men to death - something that is not obvious on the VHS tape.)  This DVD is still listed as widescreen long after they have had it  pointed out to them that it is not! As are many of the other films. Buyer  beware!)<p>The film itself probably needs no further introduction. It is a  beautiful and sad *comedy* on humanity and Humanism, touched, as all  Godard's films of this period were, by his tangible love for Anna Karina -  whom he photographs as if he were trying to remember forever. The poetry of  Paul Eluard is used to wonderful effect in her awakening, and the film is  filled with brilliant visual humour - like the swimmers, mentioned above. A  stunning film, and one that seems even more daring and original now than it  did when it came out - a sad reflection on the current state of cinema,  where even alternative films are trying so hard to please.
Published screenplays should be as irrelevant to the film lover as instructions on the side of self-raising flour are to the gourmet.  At best, their interest is limited to scholars and researchers.  In the case of Jean-Luc Cinema Godard, however, they are a godsend.  Godard's films are so dense, even simply on the verbal level, with allusions, philosophical ideas, aphorisms, puns, complex jokes etc., it is impossible to take them all in during a single viewing.  Publishing a screenplay like 'Alphaville' (a sci-fi/detective thriller in which a totalitarian, technocratic regime run by a HAL-like computer is overthrown not by weapons or physical skill, but by a book of Surrealist poetry (Eluard's 'La capitale de la douleur')) is therefore invaluable, and allows us to return to the film more open to its visual astonishments.  As was common with the director, Godard didn't actually work from a completed script; this verbatim transcript from the finished film was originally made to facilitate sub-title work.  <p>This edition contains a fine introduction by French cinema specialist Richard Roud, explaining some of Godard's visual sources and the 'ethical' meaning of his stylistic choices (the circle is evil, etc.); over 30 stills and photos from production; and Godard's original treatment (entitled 'A new Lemmy Caution Adventure'), which is fascinating to compare with the finished masterpiece, as well as revealing how completely different the concepts 'story' and 'mise-en-scene' are for Godard.
Please note that one sentence of the review below has been edited by Amazon so that it no longer makes sense. The point of the last sentence of the first paragraph was that Amazon - not Criterion - still list this DVD  as widescreen long after the viewer reviews have pointed out that it isn't.  Touchy folk!
Imagine someone like David Lynch being hired to make the next James Bond film.  That is analogous to what happened with Alphaville.  Alphaville is part of a series of movies starring the character Lemmy Caution which was popular in France.  But instead of churning out more of the Sam Spade/Humphrey Bogart inspired film noir typical of the series, Godard made something completely unique.<p>All the same themes of traditional film noir are found in this movie.  However instead of having the hero trying to maintain his sense of morality after falling for an amoral woman, the hero in Alphaville instead encounters a whole society which is amoral.  And instead of just solving a crime, Lemmy Caution challenges a whole system of thought.<p>Lemmy drives in his Ford Galaxie to Alphaville, another planet which is ruled by a computer obeyed without question, and which is an interesting blend of the (then) past and the future, although the film also clearly takes place in the late 1950s.  His mission is to either capture the scientist who invented the computer and bring him back to the &quot;exterior&quot;, or else kill him. Lemmy soon encounters a society that is completely amoral because it follows the dictatorship of logic.  Individuality is subsumed by the needs of the community.  The word &quot;love&quot; is no longer understood, partly because it is no longer listed in the Bible/Dictionary which is constantly being revised.  Nor do the people understand the word &quot;why&quot; because they do not question the logic of the computer which controls every aspect of their lives.<p>Of course, as is typical with noir, Lemmy falls in love with the scientist's daughter, and his mission becomes secondary to his relationship.  However, also as is typical, it is this relationship which helps Lemmy succeed in his mission.<p>Interspersed with the action are interesting philosophical speeches by the computer.  The computer develops an interest in Lemmy because it is confused by him and his alien concepts, resulting in interesting conversations.  Eventually Lemmy triumphs over the coldly logical society of Alphaville by introducing eternal concepts like love and happiness which exist beyond cold logic into the system, much like how Sam Spade defeats scheming females through a display of tenderness and his adherence to his own morals. Thus even while Alphaville's portrayal of post-war society is in many ways grimmer and less individual than most film noir, Lemmy's triumph is far more complete than any of Sam Spade's because his victory goes beyond mere personal triumph of his own moral principles by redeeming society.<p>Filled with great sets, photography and acting, and some wonderful surreal touches, this film is an interesting optimistic alternative to Orwell's 1984, and should be enjoyed by any serious fan of science fiction or film noir, or of just plain great filmmaking.
This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.<p>This film which is one of several involving the character Lemmy Caution remains popular to this day as one of the few science fiction films with no special effects. It is a good view of a technocratic society an has elements which at the time seemed like fantasy but in our computer age seems more feasible.<p>The film also has a voice over that is really deep and raspy that sounds very interesting.<p>The DVD does not have any special features but still is a good one to buy.
I am frankly bewildered by some of the negative reviews below. Alphaville is at once innovative and thought provoking.  Made in 1965, the film seems to capture (perhaps without specifically intending to) the french philosophical shift from existentialism to postmodernism. at the time of the making of this film sartre was "in" and derrida was young but "up and coming" (i apologize for the oedipally-charged freudianisms).  there is, therefore, in this film a great deal of existential angst, irony, and resistence to machine rationality and also (anticipating postmodernism) a persistent attempt on the part of the director to keep the audience disoriented.  because of the film's emotional and intellectual complexity and darkly beautiful "film noir" atmosphere it can be watched again and again for new things one might have missed on previous viewings.  intelligent, college educated bohemians will enjoy this film for its sixties french flavor and libertarians who like orwell and ayn rand will find the evil hegelian computer thought provoking.  people who might not like this film would include anyone who loves hegel or conservative monotheism (as the computer seems to be a cold intellectual god who kills dissenters not out of spite but in the name of necessity, logic, and the collective good).  my favorite scenes involve the state's knife wielding, bikini clad female executioners.  alphaville is worth purchasing for them alone.
Let me be clear by this proclamation. I am a true-blue dyed in the wool science fiction fan, and Alphaville is among many top 100 lists as the best in this genre. The annals of Sci-Fi have decreed this movie a classic and pretty much required viewing for us SF fans. I get that this is a film steeped heavily into the 1960's New Wave movement in French cinema.I get this is a Godard film. I get the film's allegory, imagery, impressionism, underlying message and I even get some of the literal and cinematic references peppered in the film. However in my eyes, in the way I see and enjoy films, Alphaville is pretty weak.<br /><br />This movie is more of an avantgarde art house film instead of a science fiction movie. Now please understand I am not speaking for the art house enthusiasts or cinema intellectual who can appreciate this film for many, many underlying themes and subtle undertones. I am speaking for the general science fiction genre fan and am writing this review for you. The first thing you need to consider is Jean-Luc Godard is not your standard film director. His films were all about defying the convention of his day. Many of his films focused on the existentialism of social issues. Alphaville follows the same agenda. Only this time using a classic noir theme placed in a futuristic setting. For a Fci-Fi literalist (if you accept such a thing) like me these things aren't enough and must be combined with something more. This is where I feel Alphaville lacks.<br /><br />When I say the film is futuristic this only refers in the very basic of levels. Alphaville has no futuristic sets or settings and has hardly any discernible futuristic technology. The city of Alphaville is simply Paris and all the devices are modern day items of the era. Our hero Lemmy Caution (Eddie Constantine) goes around taking pictures with an Instamatic camera and fights with a Colt automatic pistol. Vehicles and events of the time are called out by name as if they are part of the future with no explanation. On this level the whole movie has this vibe like the adults are pretending it's the future when it's not. Like kids would do in a neighborhood outing pretending to be space cadets. Much of the film's dialog was improvised, as is Godard's standard practice. This also lends to that feel of the actors pretending to be in Alphaville. All of this pretense of course is intentional as Godard was only using the veil of a futuristic society as a means to illustrate his social commentary on today's society. However for a sci-fi fan like me it's a bit grating to see such an utter lack of consistency with the world Godard claims to create.<br /><br />The next limitation to me is the story itself. Dystopic societies abound in science fiction, and while Godard's example is quite interesting on paper the execution feels heavy handed. Alphaville is a society controlled by a master computer that criminalizes concepts of individuality, and in turn art, poetry and emotion. The inhabitants are practically brainwashed. Lemmy is tasked to find the creator of that computer and later incapacitate said computer. Later it is learned that brainwashed individuals leave for other civilizations to incite revolts discourse. Lemmy ends up stopping the computer using it's own logic against it (sorry for the spoiler). All this sounds pretty cool until you see how it's executed. Most of the information I just said comes from what feels like casual dialog. This applies to both major plot points and and tertiary dialog throughout the film that is intended to give you a taste of the world of Alphaville.<br /><br />The way the movie moves doesn't help either. Many scenes change with the pacing of someone moving from one room to the next. At least that's what it feels like. You're just placed in a scene with very little setup. Then there are the odd little instances that seem to just come out. Lemmy would get attacked out of nowhere and as quick as the attack comes he shoots them dead and then walks off casually as if the dead guys just asked him for a cigarette. There is the execution scene where people give their last proclamation while standing on a diving board, get killed via firing squad, then have synchronized swimmers collect the body. Then there is what I call the Eternity perfume commercial scene where Lemmy and his love interest Natacha (Anna Karina) wax poetic on existentialism. You get scenes like these that not only break what little flow the film has, but do so with little rhyme or reason other than to be one of Godard's cinematic "gotchas" defying convention and linking underlying metaphor (even at the bemusement of a coherent script).<br /><br />Continuity also irks me in Alphaville. Since we are talking about actors "pretending" it's the future apparently going from one galaxy to another means getting in your car and driving the expressway. There is even a driving scene where, according to the events of the film, there should be no other cars out. I can forgive this movie's filming mistakes like seeing film crew in full view of the camera, but Godard could have at least tried to make his environment consistent with his script.<br /><br />Music is the connection a film makes to your emotions. A good score will enhance the feeling and vibe of a scene to such a degree that makes the movie all the more memorable. You don't get that here. Instead composer Paul Misraki opted for capitalizing on a single musical effect that was used in detective noir and thrillers as a means to inspire suspense. Only Misraki uses this effect all the freakin' time. It's essentially the only music you hear in the entire film. I am assuming this is intentional as a means to go over the top musically. Intentional or not it's as much boring as it is annoying.<br /><br />Now in all of this criticism I cannot deny some of the interesting cinematography I find in some of the scenes like the extended camera shot in the beginning of the film. Nor can I deny the excellent use of shading and composition in one of the scenes I previously ridiculed. I also will not deny being intrigued by so many literary references planted in the film. These things are also Godard's trademarks and he does them well. Unfortunately this is not enough for me to call this good science fiction.<br /><br />This Criterion release looks as good as I would bet you could find anywhere for this film. I do notice visually the film doesn't look pristine, but I am assuming this is due to the source material and not Criterion's efforts. Audio is in French with English subtitles and for a monophonic track is clear with very little distortion. I would have liked to have experienced an English dub on this film and wonder if the translated track may have helped the flow of some of that dialog. There isn't any extra features on this disk, but there are liner notes that give you a good deal more than your standard insert.<br /><br />Interestingly enough I will bet many of you would chide me regarding my remarks reminding me Alphaville wasn't intended to be good science fiction, and that much of the heavy handedness, pseudo Sci-Fi and awkward scenes I mentioned were all intentional and should be regarded as a quality instead of a shortcoming. But keep in mind this review is based on viewing this film from the standpoint of viewing science fiction cinema, as it is represented an accepted as such. As a fan of Sci-Fi to other fans of Sci-Fi I have to say watch this movie with a hefty grain of salt. Also you need to go into this film with a very open mind and look beyond the aesthetics and even story to get what many critics and lovers of this film find in it. Even then you will not find a very good Sci-Fi film.
There is no excuse for the exclusion of the English version from this DVD. After all, the lead actors (Karina, Constantine) did their own dubbing, and it was terrific. In the 1970s, the English version sporadically appeared on network TV in New York (always on Saturday afternoon, for some strange reason). It was always enjoyable, and I looked forward to finding it here in pristine quality, but no dice. Fortunately, I own a VHS copy.<br /><br />Criterion keeps messing up stupendously on their supposedly "definitive" DVD releases. For example, The Last Emperor was a 4-DISK release that OMITTED THE DIRECTOR'S CUT, which included over 50 minutes of previously unseen and totally exquisite footage, although it included the (useless) television version. WTF? I would ignore this as an anomaly, but the same was true of Godfather II (Criterion actually deleted footage, if one can believe that)!<br /><br />Usually, I'm no fan of dubbed movies, but when the lead actors dub their own unique voices, it's unforgivable to exclude the English version, especially when one considers Criterion's prices. If they're trying to put themselves out of business, they're on the right track.
[begin quote]<br /><br />As any Wired magazine subscriber knows, today's technocrats perceive themselves as Byronic cyber-noir blade runners who shoot from the hip with the same stiff-lipped abandon as Eddie Constantine. They are, in effect, much closer to the alchemical thaumaturgy of Doc Faustus than the neurotic, pre-Wittgensteinian positivism on display in Godard's profoundly silly, genre-slumming film.<br /><br />[end quote]<br /><br />The above nonsense illustrates why the great master's films are more then ever the essential antidote to the flaccid mediocrity of our times. . . vive la maitre!<br /><br />ps: get outdoors and get some fresh air and sun.
"Alphaville" does rely pretty heavily on a wide source of literature (Orwell, Huxley and French surrealism being the obvious influence), however it is Godard's entrancing visual style and clever blend of high art and pop culture that makes this film seem so refreshing and prophetic.
Godard creates a harsh distopian future city--not by building elaborate sets, but by simply filming the most stark, impersonal, ultra-modern facades in Paris for outdoor shots and using brightly lit white interiors.  It works as well as anything in *Blade Runner* or *Alien*(except for the car-as-spaceship thing which is still a great metaphor).
Great overall movie, especially for the sound and light.Good for architectural college students and architects too. If there is a list of the movies recommended based on the browser history that will be even better.
It's a great movie and this is a decent price for this rarity. My only complaint is that it's in French with no option of subtitles. Thankfully I've seen it before and know the story, so no harm done and I'll keep it. But unless you're fluent in French (and you should be, it can come in handy) I'd just keep looking for Mr. Lemmy Caution with some little words flashing across the bottom of the screen.
Each time I watch this, I am drawn in by Paul Misraki's brilliant soundtrack, neon lights flashing mathematical equations, interior shots of sterile corporate settings in an "Anti-Oz" composed of glass, marble and fluorescent lights.  I have landed in a "Brave New World" where modern life has become a nightmare.  Alphaville is a collage, a film in which the subtext is the surface.  Lemmy Caution is a private eye-journalist employed by "Figaro Pravda" who fearlessly snaps pictures with his Kodak Instamatic.  He is escorted to his swanky, yet oddly bleak, hotel room--featuring a jukebox in the foyer--by "Beatrice, third-class seductress".  The visual details of "Alphaville" are  compelling in themselves--women with ID numbers stamped onto their faces and necks; outlaws standing on a diving board above a swimming pool expressing their last words of defiance before being executed by a firing squad; the dictionary in which any words considered to be too subversive have been removed; ominous-sounding organizations/places with names like the "Minist&egrave;re de la Dissuasion" and "Grand Omega Minus".  The Alpha 60 computer which controls the minds of Alphaville's techno-slaves also performs the role of the film's philosophy-spouting voiceover.  The special effects utilized in "Alphaville" are primitive by today's standards.  But in this case less is more, and the low-tech quality of those various effects, however nonsensical, contributes to the film's status as an experimental classic.  And several shots of Paris at night--by themselves--are beautiful to me, even if we're supposed to be in Alphaville.  Point being: I suspend disbelief and surrender to the poetry of this incomprehensible world.<br /><br />Stephen C. Bird, author of "Hideous Exuberance: A Satire"
This remarkable film defies genre conventions as casually as its hero encounters oddity after oddity in the strange other-world of Alphaville. Filmed on the cheap, the use of street signs and neon lights defamiliarizes the standard "city at night"and reshapes it to unusual effect. Alphaville is a town where love is prohibited, where yes means no, where political assassinations are orchestrated like sporting events. It happens to be run by a computer that will challenge our hero (Lemmy Caution -- what a great name!)to an interview in which our rough looking protagonist reveals himself to have the soul of a poet. This marks him as especially suspicious. The influence of this super-computer on Kubrick's HAL9000 is unmistakeable. If you've done any reading at all in the work of influential French philosophers of the 1960s (Foucault, Barthes, Derrida) you'll pick up on dozens and dozens of clever, even witty, references to their ideas in this film. Visually noteworthy are the circling movements that characters and cameras make, often delightfully disorienting. A pity that Criterion has lost the rights to this title -- One can only hope that it will not long be out of print, and that any subsequent editions will be as clean and crisp. Buy this while you can!
Interfusing science-fiction with noir, this French picture, directed by Jean-Luc Godard, acted as an influential foundation for the style and tone with which Ridley Scott directed his classic genre epic, Blade Runner. Despite its other-planetary setting, Godard shot every scene on location in France, and did so without the help of visual effects or large set pieces. A true original, Alphaville seems to steer clear of most genre themes, using only the future and a fictional planet as its sci-fi foundation. As one may have rightly assumed, the Criterion print delivers an uncanny package for a modest classic.
"Alphaville" (1965) is directed by Jean-Luc Godard (Breathless). It is witty take on sci-fi, and film noir. This is a sci-fi film with no special effects except for the polarized images towards the later part of the film which seem to represent the view of, and the failure of, the computer Alpha 60. This is a film about films that is referencing a number of genres. It is also a film of ideas. It is about the suppression of the human will by systems that demand order. Most of the people in the film, except for the lead character, Lemmy Caution (Eddie Constantine), are either robots or humans that have been drained of free-will. Lemmy is a pulp character that Eddie Constantine has played in previous movies who represents a kind of virulent, rebellious life force. The fascist computer that oversees everything is Alpha 60, and it has outlawed thought and feeling. People are executed for crying, or feeling compassion for another person. It is a book of surrealist poetry that Caution reads from that facilitates in the opening of the doors of thought and feeling, and eventually destroys Alpha 60. Faux-quotations from Paul Eluard's book "The Capital of Pain" represents an opposition to the role of logic imposed on the inhabitants of Alphaville. The use of poetry to open up human emotion also references back to Cocteau's 1950 film "Orpheus" where Orphee's recovery of his poetic powers results in his victory over Death. Another source for Godard and his stylistic construction of this film are the writings of Jorge Luis Borges, who weaved stories together from various genres. Many of the quotes in the movie are from Borges own writings, such as "A New Refutation of Time", including the opening line of the film.<br /><br />References throughout the film emphasize this technocratic dictatorship as a lifeless world inhabited by zombie like beings, or by the living dead. Caution notes that teeth of a girl are small, and pointy, like those of a vampire. Professor Von Braun, the creator of Alphaville, is also know as Leonard Nosferatu (a reference to director F.W. Murnau's 1922 film). In a reference to Cocteau's "Zone de la mort" people stagger down corridors or cling blindly to walls when Alpha 60 is destroyed.<br /><br />This DVD is presented in a 1.33:1 aspect ratio, and is in Dolby Digital Mono, in French, with English subtitles. A widescreen format 1.66:1 was originally seen in theatres, and on the VHS, but with bars, and so evidently didn't represent more image. This is a new digital transfer (1998), but it doesn't appear to be remastered, or cleaned up. This is a rather bare bones release for Criterion, though the DVD does come with a pamphlet of a critical review by Andrew Sarris.
I love this film, though despite that the many times I have seen it, I am not sure I totally get it.<br /><br />A privite dic in 1965 fights a totalatrioan society and falls in love with a girl. Ok. Where are they? Paris? Earth? Or is this man moved to another planet.<br /><br />Well, despite my comprehension gap--which  is good because I have an excuse to keep watching it- I love the free wheeling narritive and the wierd effects: the close ups of elevator arrows, pointing us, well, someplace. The strange voice. The beeps and blips. All those dares that made Goddard so great in the sixties are simply fun to watch, even if I don't totally get the implications.<br /><br />Fordoraed Eddie Constintine is obviously an homage to American spy  flicks: nods to Bogart and Hitchcock. This was when hatted, ciggarrete smoking tough guys in trench coats had real mistique. Before they became cleche's.  Godards nails this, as well as his referances. His  films are entirely referenacial to cinima before them and the more you watch, the more you pick up on.<br /><br />I'll keep watching for style, and hopefully, get more command of the subtance.<br /><br />Does anyone think Alphavile would have worked in color?
As someone observed earlier, Leonard Maltin is anything but an educated reviewer. His opinion, as well as other seemingly reputed reviews (see &quot;Video Hound's Golden Movie Retriever&quot;), comes from a certain culture, best embodied by the Texas resident below.<p>&quot;Alphaville&quot; is, simply, a masterpiece, and represents in many ways the peak of an evolution in cinema, where movies truly become a form of art and accomplish catharsis, beyond the &quot;pure entertainment&quot; model. Stay away from it, though, if your favorite kind of film is &quot;Dude, Where's My Car?&quot; or if you think &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; is simply a slam-bang/special effects carnival.
Are you afraid of death? This film toys with the big questions. I say what if a movie comes out that is totally strange and mostly incomprehensible. Does that mean it is a terrible film or downright bad? The answer to that question is no. I believe this movie could make complete and perfect sense in the far off future. In a different galaxy all movies might be similar to this one. Go to an art museum and they might be playing this on a Wednesday night. Think about it. We believe that we know number two because one plus one equals two. We forget that first we must know the meaning of plus.Furthermore..<br /><br />Listen to me normal ones.<br />We see a truth that you no longer see.<br />A truth that says the essence of man is love and faith, courage and tenderness, generosity and sacrifice. Everything else is an obstacle put up by your blind progress and innocence.<br /><br />Ask yourself: Do you think more of what has been...than of what will be?<br />What do you love above all? Gold and women.
Thousands of them in fact. Lucky for me, I only LOOK like an egghead.<br /> Those looking for explanation, riddles and conundrums concerning "the meaning of life"; "the essence of reality", "being in the moment"; etc., need look no further. Alphaville is a master's masterwork. Deeper than a black hole, with more undercurrent than the ocean itself.<br /> Beneath all the analogies and metaphors there's certain to be a parable somewhere.<br /> Instead of merely trying some pompous, lame-brained, "I'm smarter than this Godard fellow, here's what he was saying" exercise in intellectual masturbation, I will simply encourage you to view the film itself, preferrably in a quiet, uninterrupted atmosphere with a few puffs of choice herb. (&lt;--sure to attract a few negative votes from the petty bourgeoisie lol)<br /> I would reckon nearly 90 percent of folks picked at random and given the chance to watch Alphaville would shut it off within the first twenty minutes. Some when they saw that it was in black and white, others when, to their disgust, they discovered that it was in French. Two percent would want to continue watching, as the show seemed to promise a bit of uncovered flesh, but would be bitterly dissuaded by the aggravating words and letters which kept constantly appearing at the bottom of the screen. Six of the remaining eight percent would watch the whole thing through, proclaiming afterword that it was indeed a "good" movie, or even "kick-ahss", but, in reality, coming away from the experience totally at a loss about the meaning of what they had just seen. The remaining two eggheads would be left to argue it out amongst themselves in alternating tones of subtle diplomacy and vehement outburst-- leaving the pure, unadulterated genius of the thing to evaporate into the cold, uncaring air of planet earth.<br /><br />Observations:<br /><br />a. I was pleasantly bemused, as only an American (albeit it a rare one) could be, to watch a New York character speaking French. Usually, those of us on this side of the pond get to see it the other way around, espeacially in blockbusters where you don't want the audience to have to waste their precious faculties having to decipher the subtitles.<br /><br />b. How prescient a movie was this? Unbelievably so, I say with more than a little regret. Godard must've certainly twisted a few lids off back in the day, although I wouldn't doubt if his detractors were far more numerous. "A species that only appreciates its dead", to paraphrase Galeano. To some of you this is well-documented turf I tread, but don't forget, I never went to film school. The most intellectual stimulation I've had in quite some time has been trying to converse with the Mexicans they've brought in to sort the rubbish out of the potato line down on the corporate farm. (So far it hasn't been much more than going over by them and saying something like, "pinchy gringos!" while pointing at the bosses and snickering. They get a kick out of that.)<br /><br />c. Fascism as a machine, a computer no less! People unable to even walk upright once the machine was crippled, their every thought and idea so closely connected and dependant on their mechanical overlord as to render them mere moving vegetables or even dead.<br /><br />d. On a little aside; I discovered that the role of Lemmy Caution, hard-ahssed American agent, was one that Eddie Constantine had been playing in numerous French films prior to Alphaville. Interesting that this was in many ways a sequel to a string of films based on books by Peter Cheney, yet the movie itself defies any notion that it could possibly be a sequel, or prequel for that matter, to anything!<br /><br />So profound, so profound! Mucho profoundo! Excellante! Watch it, just watch it. I know, I know, judging by the dvd cover it looks like an unbearable bore, but trust me-- if you're looking for something MORE...
Every once in a while a director creates something that redefines how we look at film.  A director can wait his whole career to be handed one of those `defining' type films, a film that changes history.  It changes the way we look at film and the way we look at that particular director.  Jean-Luc Godard made a career out of creating those types of films.  The reason he is my favorite director of all time is just that, he challenged himself to create something fresh and creative and vibrant with life with each outing, redefining his aesthetic to fully capitalize on his genius.<br /><br />It is very rare to find a director who is that in touch with his own imagination.<br /><br />I will make this statement though, with regard to Godard in general; he is not a director for everyone.  He is, much like Kubrick and Bergman, a very visual and artistic director.  He makes movies for the cinephile; the lover of all things artistic and creative.  His movies are not mainstream, for he constantly reinvents the wheel and delivers something new and fresh and `abnormal'.<br /><br />`Alphaville' is just that; abnormal.<br /><br />`Alphaville, une Etrange Aventure de Lemmy Caution' tells the story of private-eye Lemmy Caution as he makes his way to Alphaville, another planet in itself that is run by a computer known as Alpha 60.  Alpha 60 relegates and is and is not acceptable for mankind, serving as a ruthless protector of the human race.  Words and emotions are banned almost daily in order to create a lack of free-will among the people, making them easier to control.  Lemmy's mission is not entirely known, but his presence in Alphaville is one of concern and caution.<br /><br />What Godard does here may not seem, on the outset, to be all that mind-blowing, but his approach to the genre is really a fresh take, even from today's standards.  Hollywood is so obsessed with making the future something flashy and bizarre, with flying cars and robots everywhere and weapons that look like something out of a videogame; but truth be told, the future just isn't that complex.  Godard created something that is, realistic, and thus delivered a poignant picture of the future.  Yes, there are robots but it is a stunningly authentic approach to the concept.  If you didn't know it was set in the future you would never have guessed it since it looks like your standard 50's crime noir.  The genre mixing is another trademark of Godard's and something that makes `Alphaville' so special.  It is one minute a sci-fi thriller, the next a pulp crime noir, the next a romantic drama; and each shift is effortless and effective.<br /><br />The film touches upon the importance of individuality and the fact that we can and do take our free-will for granted.  The populous in Alphaville have no regard for what makes them human, for what is ordained by the greater power is obviously in their best interest, but how can it be for the greater good if it is forcing you to give up the very essence of humanity?<br /><br />The acting is all right on the mark.  Eddie Constantine has that down trodden grungy feel down pat, and Anna Karina is remarkable as Natacha, the young woman who falls for Caution and his ideals.  Her naivety is matched beautifully by her seductive qualities that elevate her character above the mechanical human beings that walk on and off the screen.  She is a beautiful woman and a stunning actress and I'm thankful that Godard used her so often (and married her, but that's his own business).<br /><br />`Alphaville, une Etrange Aventure de Lemmy Caution' is not a film for everyone, but it is a film that everyone should see.  If you are a fan of the genre (any of the ones incorporated here, but especially sci-fi) then I really suggest you give this one a look.  When I think about science fiction there are a few films that really pop out to me as defining the genre and the turns it has taken.  `Blade Runner', `A.I.' and `Alphaville' are at the top of the pack.
Alphaville is both a strikingly original film, and a Sci-Fi clich&eacute;. There is no linear form taken in the unraveling of the story, but that's what allows this film to work. The idea of technology taking over man has been a staple of Sci-Fi since Lang's Metropolis (1927), but in Godard's hands it all becomes an odd, cerebral journey. Godard used great locations in Paris that look futuristic, and the absence of special effects only heightens the films unwillingness to be normal. The performces are good, and Anna Karina's face can say or mean just about anything it's so beautiful and mysterious. The cinematography by Coutard is good as always. Alphaville is to Sci-Fi, what A Woman is a Woman (1961) is to the musical; it's Godard's own unique take on a genre, and that's always worth the price of admission.
The action in Alphaville is set in a future where everything is run by the big computer Alpha 60. It's hard to take this film seriously, the futuristic vision is very 1960s: the fear of a computerized society where machines rule with cold rationality and so on. As an example of this vision it is interesting. But Godard doesn't elaborate this future society very much so it is never especially "believable" or consistent. It is more like a playful attempt to make a budget sci-fi: the special effects are restricted to blinking neon signs and close-ups of radios and stuff. A theme is the relation between logic and poetry, the latter is of course beyond the comprehension of the computer... I liked the impersonation of Alpha 60: a close-up of a light and/or a fan plus a weird voice talking about logic and stuff. Sort of a brother of HAL from 2001: A Space Odyssey (an incredible movie which Alphaville is not to be compared to otherwise...).<br />Not one of Godard's best, but worth watching (try Breathless instead if you are new to his films). I wish this Criterion DVD had contained some extras to set it in the context of Godard's career.
This French snooze- fest from 1965 and acclaimed director Jean-Luc Godard is baffling to say the least.  Evidently, Godard meant this to be a spoof of many of the sci-fi/spy movies of the time.  Our lead Lemmy Caution - there's a giveaway - is played by dog ugly actor Eddie Constantine.  Somehow Lemmy attracts young lovelies and thugs trying to kill him with the same ease.  What's going on?  The world of Alphaville is an off-world...uh...world that you can drive to even if it's not our world, or something like that.  This film is a Criterion release which suggests it has historical significance.  It also is praised by critics.  I just couldn't stay awake and don't understand what all the fuss is about.
One of the two greatest science fiction films ever made. (Read all of my reviews to figure out the other.)  A near perfect visual and conceptual feast, an iconic figure in Eddie Constantine's Lemmy Caution, a perfect blend of the 20th century's great genres S.F. and the detective novel.  (Not that Lemmy does much detecting, but, hey, its the spirit of the thing.)  Heavy sub-text on the importance of words.  Bet Noam Chomsky would like it if he saw it.  Obligatory absent DVD complaint:  Germany 90 Nine Zero, effectively the sequal as Lemmy Caution returns to a post-wall Berlin.  I have a bootleg VHS and that is NOT sufficient.
A poetic &amp; hilarious homage to silent German expressionist cinema.<p>Well worth watching every five years.  If you can see a fresh B&amp;W print at a decent public movie theater, do so.  Wonderful  photography. Until then, video is OK.  And keep a good dictionary (ie  &quot;Bible&quot;) by your side. It's a dark world; you'll need it.
I rented this movie and thought my TV was not working because the color was all faded and I turned the knobs and the dials but I still could not get the color to work.  So I think this movie has real bad color.  At any rate it has a guy named Lemmy who says, "Lemme tell you this and lemme tell you that!" and he was always telling me things even when his lips were not moving.  And then he meets a pretty girl but she just kind of walks around in the movie really bored until Mister Lemmy says, "Lemme introduce you to the director.  He is French!"<br /><br />And then Lemmy talks to a light bulb.  A really big light bulb.  And the light bulb talks back.<br /><br />Well Lemmy tell you this!  One star for the pretty girl.  One star for the talking light bulb.<br /><br />But zero stars for the color.
