Almost done in by a campy villainess subplot, Supergirl survives thanks to  superb pre-cgi special effects (Chris Reeve praised it as the best flying  he'd seen in any of the films), a solid Jerry Goldsmith score, and Helen  Slater's, well, *goodness*, in the title role.<p>I had the advantage of  first seeing the film with my own then-seven-year-old blonde superheroine,  and my daughter's expression of sheer delight as Kara skimmed over the lake  and flew with the wild horses reminded me of the thrill I felt 30 years  before when I watched George Reeves hurl himself out of the stockroom  window and into the endlessly repetitive stock footage skies of  Metropolis.<p>This is one of those films where you filter out the silly  story and watch the pretty pictures.<p>Make certain to get the  international widescreen edition. The film was butchered in its original  American theatrical release.
I saw Supergirl during its original theatrical release way back in 1984 and eighteen years and hundreds of movies later it is still one of my favorites. I bought the DVD a few days ago and have been really impressed at how Anchor Bay has taken what was really a forgotten movie and made  one of the best discs I've gotten  recently. Seeing Helen Slater flying (under rated special-effects) to Jerry Goldsmith's fantastic musical score in widescreen has been one of the highlights of my week. Plus, my five year old son, who is more critical of movies than I have ever been, gave it his approval. Welcome back, Supergirl, I've missed you.
This one is about a group of surviving Kryptonians, living in the flying Argo City and one of them happens to be Superman's cousin! The thing that really dissappointed me about this one was the horrid story. The idea of  Supergirl coming to earth in pursuit of a magic Kryptonian device only to  get in a ridiculous love triangle between a gardener and nutty witch is  pretty dumb for a superhero film. While Supergirl does have some okay  moments, the conjured up monsters and the sfx for them were blurry and  difficult to understand. Also, the inclusion of Jimmy Olsen, while  interesting, doesn't seem to fit in anywhere.Lucy Lane was a good idea  though. Overall I was dissappointed by this movie, but the only reason I  gave it 2 stars was because of Helen Slater's one of a kind portrayal of  Supergirl. Watch it, but don't expect to see a super-movie.
Admittedly, my lust for Helen Slater in her Supergirl costume has something to do with pushing this past three stars. Somehow, the Salkinds were of the opinion that making this as silly as possible would make it a hit. They threw in the requisite all-star cast, with Mark McClure (Jimmy Olsen) along to tie it into the &quot;Superman&quot; movies. And, a poster-only appearance by Christopher Reeve. But the scenes with Faye Dunaway, Brenda Vaccaro and Peter Cook are just too over-the-top to make them viable villians. (They should've called Gene Hackman for lessons on walking the fine line between parody and menace.) Slater gives Linda/Supergirl just the right heart and enough sex appeal to keep this one from being a total waste. But it makes for a fun diversion when you have nothing else to watch.
It's not a docu-drama, it's a comic strip! It's supposed to be fun-fantasy and who cares if there's holes in the plot and impossible acts occur? (e.g. wasn't Krypton blown apart years ago when Kal-El/Superman left it as an  infant? Que?? And how did Kara acquire that looks-superb-on-her  super-costume while traveling in her capsule?) Who expects believability  anyway? Enjoy what's there. Helen Slater is a drop-dead gorgeous Supergirl  and plays the fantastical part with dignity and the suitable naivete  expected of an alien visitor. She does a marvelous job with it. And yes,  Faye Dunaway overacts; I would think her part in such a flick required a  large helping of campy emoting as the powerful but somewhat klutzy witch  Selena. A lot of the fun was in the interaction between the quixotic Selena  and her Sancho Panza-like sidekick Bianca (Brenda Vaccaro, herself no  slouch at ironic comedy). Selena constantly pushing her new-found powers  beyond her own abilities to control, landing the two in mess after tangled  mess, accompanied by Bianca's timely snide cynicisms. You'll love Helen  Slater, and you'll love to hate Dunaway &amp; Vaccaro. It's fun. It's  fantasy. Buy it, you'll end up watching it over and over.
This movie is for everyone! It makes you wish you can fly! It funny, and filled with action!
Okay, listen up! Lets not forget that this picture was made in 1984! The only reason I love watching this film over &amp; over again is because I love absolutley anything to do with The Girl Of Steel. And yes okay okay I  was a little generouse with the stars thing...<p>I think this is a pretty  good film, appart from rolling my eyes when thinking it all revolves around  chasing Ethan (Heart Bochner).<p>BUT, did you know... the original script  wanted to bring Superman (Christopher Reeve) &amp; Supergirl (Helen Slater)  together! Just think how awesome that would have been, only if Christopher  Reeve didn't back out because he didn't want to be known only for being  Superman, fair enough.<p>My advice... try to give this film a go, &amp; be  patient till they decide to make another one, perhaps a better one,  hopefully it will be mine with me in the title role (I wish! One day  perhaps, remember my initials AS :)) &amp; try not to judge it by the  standards of todays movie makings. Just enjoy it, &amp; remember 1984  people! &quot;Let your imagination explode, give it a try, go  on......&quot;
&quot;Supergirl&quot; was an attempt of the Salkind's to spin off there wildly successful &quot;Superman&quot; series. The film wasn't very well  received, and therefore no sequels resulted. In retrospect, the film's  major flaw is it's lack of direction(Jeannot Szwarc was a hack), and the  uniformly awful performances in the first half of the film. As the movie  progresses, it actually get's better, and the climactic scenes in the  Phantom Zone and Selina's fortress are actually exciting. The flying  sequences are the best in the &quot;Super&quot; series next to the first  &quot;Superman&quot; movie, and the effects are all quite good. The Anchor  Bay video is actually a dreadful transfer, though I'm sure that this has  more to do with source material than it does with thier efforts, as they  are usually very concerned with picture and sound quality. This has some  added footage that was not in the original American release print, and with  one exception(Nigel's blonde girlfriend should have stayed on the cutting  room floor), they improve the film. Not great, but certainly interesting. A  total widescreen remaster on DVD with Dolby Digital sound would likely  improve things even more; are you listening, Anchor Bay?
I bought this video so I wouldn't have to wait for the movie to play on tv, and I was so disappointed in the quality of the video. It is unbelievably bad---the heavily edited tv-version has way better picture quality.<p>About the movie itself: The one thing I really liked  about this movie was how Kara changed into Linda Lee. She didn't need a  phonebooth; I think she just willed her appearance to change. Not only did  her costume become a school uniform, her hair turned brown! That was so  cool.  <p>Although the other characters annoy me so badly, I've watched  this movie countless times because of Ms. Slater's portrayal of Kara... And  get this, I first watched &quot;Supergirl&quot; at the movies when I was in  the second grade. That's like fifteen years ago!  I've been a huge fan of  this movie ever since.
As I stated above, I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!  This movie came out when I was 7 years old, and I've been looking for it for years ever since.  Helen Slater  was perfectly cast as Supergirl, and man I wish I looked like her.  I will  admit some scenes are kinda cheezy, but overall the movie is one that  should go down as a classic.
Helen Slater (a dead ringer for the woman of steel) appears as "Supergirl", a survivor of Argo City in pursuit of the Omegahedron...a device that can turn any thought into reality.<br />A likable adventure. Co-starring Faye Dunaway...who overacts as a wannabe witch. (By the way, When DOESN'T Ms. Dunaway overact?) Also Brenda Vaccaro as her sidekick....who stinks up the screen. Go back to TV commericials, Brenda!
