I had heard a lot of criticism leveled at Gao Xiaosong's "My Kingdom" complaining that its two disparate halves never really fit together into a cohesive narrative. The first part of the film strains for epic grandeur with its story of two orphans being trained in the art and honor of the Chinese opera (not the singing kind). One of the boys sees his family slaughtered in a political maneuver but is saved from imminent death by a wandering opera master and his charge. The three form a offbeat family unit which is threatened when their master is humiliated in a challenge with a Southern rival. The movie fast forwards until the boys are grown and ready to seek a form of retribution as they move into the popular Shanghai opera scene in the twenties. After this simple story is resolved, the second half of the film becomes a loopy bit of revenge fantasy. The screenplay twists and turns as secrets are revealed, implausibilities mount up, and characters have their ulterior motives exposed. It is chaotic (and tries way too hard), but at least it's fun.<br /><br />Many who have unfavorably judged "My Kingdom" tend to proclaim the first half as brilliant and the second half as the weak link. I, however, tend to disagree. I thought that the introductory premise was so thin and contrived that I never bought into the dramatic substance of the plot. Heck, two seconds after the boys arrive in Shanghai, they are greeted by a street parade extolling an upcoming performance of the man who bested their adoptive father 15 years previously. Hey, that was simple. These two vagabonds issue a challenge to the opera superstar that somehow gets newspaper coverage and makes them headliners in a opera duel. Hey, that was simple too. Now they are legends! Wow, that's a lot for their first day in town! After the duel, the boys must integrate themselves within the existing opera company that includes a defiant leading lady. As one steps into the spotlight and an illicit affair, the other seeks to avenge his family's murder from so many years ago. The remainder of the film plays as a twisty thriller that never feels particularly real. But as the convoluted plotting wraps around itself, I must admit to being amused by it all. It, for me, was far more entertaining than what had preceded it.<br /><br />The movie itself is elaborately staged. The battle sequences and opera numbers have a pleasing over-the-top quality. 1920's Shanghai is lush and gorgeous and the costuming is memorable. However, it all feels a little flat. The leads are attractive enough, but they lack a gravitas to convince us they can headline an intended epic. I understand they are known pop stars in their country, and that makes sense. The actor who plays a diabolical police investigator seems like he's about twelve and downplays the drama out of every scene. Ultimately, I think "My Kingdom" tries to accomplish too much. I personally wish they would have committed to making it an adult soap opera with no pretensions other than to entertain. As is, it's a bit of a mess. I probably liked it for the wrong reasons, but its loopiness is not without its charms. KGHarris, 1/12.
Very good movie. And unlike many Chinese movies, it does not have a totally sad ending where everyone, especially the hero, gets killed!
