Jsie and the pussycats is a GREAT movie! I loved it from start to finish. It's so funny, with a great soundtrack. I urge you to buy it right NOW!
Charming piece of candy-colored confetti based on the Archie sidebar comic strip, about a group of young girls who form a band and are trying to hit the big time. Overnight success happens, literally overnight, and soon they find themselves being plastered on the cover of every magazine, albums selling like hotcakes and fans buzzing around them like mad bumblebees. But is everything what it seems, or does it just seem like they have it a bit too easy, or maybe their market-savvy managers have their own personal gain in mind? Directors Deborah Kaplan and Harry Elfont don't mess around with the message here: teens are overpowered by advertisements aimed at their insecurities about fitting in, and here they exploit that issue beyond logical sense (the shower curtains with McDonald's advertisements really stood out for me!) However, since the message is never pounded over your head, and since Elfont and Kaplan already assume that you already get it, it never becomes too self-aware. All of this is greatly helped by the charming performances of its leads, Rachael Leigh Cooke, Tara Reid and Rosario Dawson, with winning support from the fabulous Parker Posey, plus a great soundtrack that just never stops. Enjoy!
I LOVE this movie! That pretty much sums it up. I saw it 5 times in theaters and plan to see it 300 times that on VHS. The rating is PG-13, .... if you let your kids watch South Park, this is like Barney.
Josie McCoy and her best friends, Valerie and Melody, make up The Pussycats, a struggling garage band from the town of Riverdale, U.S.A. They're gorgeous, they're talented, they're a little naive, and they can't seem to get a break in the record business! Little do they know that Wyatt Frame, the main man at Megarecords, is looking for a new act, and he just happens to be looking in Riverdale. After the tragic deaths of the members of his most recent pop sensation find, boy-band Du Jour, Wyatt is desperate to find a replacement. When he stumbles upon Josie and the girls crossing a busy street with their instruments in hand, he signs them immediately without hearing a single note of music from them. Suddenly, the newly dubbed "Josie and the Pussycats" are on a rollercoaster ride to fame and fortune, and within a week they have a number one song and a sold out concert on the horizon. But the girls don't know that the sinister music industry has been slipping subliminal messages under their tracks, using their music to sell everything from tennis shoes to Gatorade. When Valerie begins to catch on, Wyatt preoccupies her with the idea that Josie is hogging the spotlight, and when simple-minded Melody ALSO begins to get a bad feeling about things, Wyatt's boss, Fiona, decides the two trouble-making pussycats must be eliminated.<br /><br />Josie and the Pussycats is fun beyond belief. A perfect cast and a smart, funny script carry this movie to a level few comedies have been able to reach recently. The potty humor is to a minimum, focusing the laughs on quirky characters and a great plot about trends and product placement advertising. Despite what some reviewers might say, this live-action version of the famous cartoon band does an excellent job of staying true to the characters while updating them for a 21st century audience. The excessive product placement is meant to be a joke, not a huge ad. Anyone who says otherwise must have completely missed the point of the film, which is pretty sad since it was extremely clear and simple. A warning should be placed on the soundtrack to this movie though. The songs are great, with very sexy voices, but there is a LOT of sexual innuendo here and there. As for the perfect casting I mentioned before, Rachael Leigh Cook is gorgeous and talented as usual, a perfect choice, and definitely one of my top dream-girls. I only wish she had been cast as Sailor Mercury years ago in the live-action Sailor Moon movie that was almost made. Tara Ried and Rosario Dawson were excellent also. Though Tara's character, Melody, aside from being gorgeous, may also seem ridiculously stupid at times, this is only in keeping with the original cartoon character's personality, so God bless 'em for not changing her! Alexander and Alexandra were well cast as well, and really added some extremely funny moments to the film, as did the hilarious villains, Fiona and Wyatt. Alan M. was also nicely cast, though extremely scrawny in comparison to the original cartoon character, but that's the modern image of a hunk I suppose. Oh, and Du Jour, the boy band parody, was too, TOO funny! Great casting there too! Seth Green is always hilarious! All in all, this is simply an awesome movie! Definitely one of my all-time favorite films. As for DVD extras, there's a behind the scenes featurette, great deleted scenes, a hot little Pussycats video, two very funny Du Jour videos, and some other little niblettes. A warning though, for all the other guys like me who'd do just about anything for a date with Rachael Leigh Cook: Though the Backstage featurette will give you some adorable scenes of Rachael, including seeing her with beautiful, long, brown hair, and again later with hideous, chopped and bleached hair, ha, you will also have to suffer through her going on and on about how gorgeous the guy who plays Alan M. is. It can be an irritating segment to watch.
I love this movie, which is funny in itself since when it came out I had no interest in seeing it. I didn't think that I could relate to it at all until my curiousity got the better of me when nothing else was on cable. I was more than pleasantly surprised. I work in advertising, so the way they made fun of things "Orange is the new pink!" and the blatant placement of logos and branding was something I could totally relate to. I also like that it pokes much fun at the kind of music that kids (dare I call them kids...I'm not that much older...well, I guess I am now) these days tend to listen to. Groups that pop up overnight with some craptacular tune that those of us with any sense of taste would never listen to. This movie makes fun of everything I make fun of and I love it for that. I also love Parker Posey and her presentation...it's well worth watching for that alone!
When I first seen this movie I didn't care for it too much, but that's because I didn't see this first 10 minutes of it. But when I seen it on TV, it got a little better and soon I found myself watching this movie everytime it came on and then eventually buying the dvd and cd. I'm Pussycat obsessed!! I make sure I watch this movie at least twice a week. I even find myself quoting Val, "You messed with the wrong Pussy!" LOL I love this movie. Tara Reid did a superb job of portraying Melody Valentine, and airheaded blonde. Rosario Dawson was really kewl as Valerie Brown, the street smart pussycat (I've only seen her on "Down To You" as the stoner girl, so this was nice seeing her in a real acting role). And finally, Rachael Leigh Cook was really kewl as Josie McCoy, the singer. I loved when she let the subliminal messages get to her and she told off Mel and Val. "What's the matter snuggle-bunny?? Realizing the world ain't all sunshine and rainbows?" and this one "Puppies grow into dogs, who get old and DIE!" LOL Oh this is gonna be a cult classic. And it really does make you think if record companies are brainwashing the youth of america with subliminal messages, because I know too many girls who act like the freaky fans.<br />I also think Alan Cumming and Parker Posey did a great job being the villans of the flick. I'm used to Parker Posey being a [mean] person because of her character on "Dazed and Confused". Anyhoo, this movie is for everyone, young and old :)
JoSiE aNd ThE PuSSyCaTs iS a GrEaT MoViE aNd HaS tHe BeSt PuNk RoCk MuSiC SiNcE CoYoTe UgLy.
This was an okay movie.  It had it's funny parts.<p>This movie is about 3 girls who are in a band The Pussycats.  When they are walking a across the street a guy sees them and thinks he can make them into the next big thing.
This was a good movie. ok, maybe it was a bit stupid, but the casting was well done. the movie had its funny moments. but really, you wonder how much the companies did pay to advertise in the movie.. i know the storyline was about subliminal messages and ad's to buy things, but otherwise the move realy was one really big ad for all major companies such as coca cola and mcdonalds. I think Tara Reid is cool and played melody well. Same goes for Rosario Dawson and Rachel Leigh Cook. One thing they did wrong was the lip syncing wasn't very good. all that aside, it was an ok movie.
Despite being based on a rather tame Archie comic and Hanna-Barbara cartoon, JOSIE AND THE PUSSYCATS is awash with sharp, silly and satirical humor that keeps tickling your funny-bone from start to finish. From its takeoff of boy-bands, to the running gag of endless product placements, this flick had me smiling from start to finish. Rachael Leigh Cook is solid as Josie, while Tara Reid is totally endearing as the dim, but not dumb, blonde Melody. Alan Cummings and Parker Posey are a hoot as the evil music executives who use the band to plant subliminal messages in their teenage fans' brains. When this movie first came out, many critics were not kind to this flick. Frankly, I think they missed the point. JOSIE is a spot-on spoof of today's music business that truly amuses. Highly recommended.
This movie ROCKS!  I couldn't get enough of it! I think that everyone should see this movie! It has excitement , comedy and adventure. Has a great message for everyone!  You've got to see this movie!!!
I bought this yesterday, expecting it to be a great movie, packed with great music and a great cast. I got something that I hate getting, a movie that turns out to be one of those not so appealing ones, the kind you get from Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen. I like their movies but it's the kind that they usually stop in the middle and explain to us because the movie isn't all that great. Cheap entertainment. I got the same thing from this. It's a good movie, a lot of surprises, but overall, not all that great. Spend your money on a movie you know will be good, this one just isn't worth it.
This movie made me realize that I'm getting old.  I know that I'm sure most teenagers would find this movie hilarious and super cool, but I thought it was a complete waste of time.  The two stars are strictly for the hot girls in it.  I understand that the movie was trying to discuss the idea of fads and &quot;selling out&quot; in American today, but that's not really something you can do with a highly commercial movie like this.  The ads plastered all over the movie making fun of ad placement doesn't make sense cause even if they are making fun, they're still placing ads for all those companies and are still getting free products or money for those huge advertisements.  I also couldn't stand the fact that every 10 minutes they found some other reason to sing another song.  Why?  This wasn't Josie and the Pussycats.  Josie and the Pussycats was like a female Scooby Doo.  They should have just dropped the Hanna Barbara license and just made a movie about a band trying to make it.  This would make the film less commercial and then there would be the huge advertising accompanying the movie, with posters, tv spots, billboards, toys, lunchboxes, and everything else the movie makes fun of!
Roger Ebert gave this film 1/2 a star...he was too kind. First off I want to apologize, I really do. I'm sorry for breaking my new years resolution so soon.  I resolved that I would never again write a negative review on amazon, that I was always trashing everything and I was making people angry and that if I didn't like something I should shut up about it.  Then I saw Josie and the Pussycats.  I have never been more embarrassed for a bunch of actors.  I loved Charlie's Angles and thought this would be like that only with guitars, I was primed for some cool 70's retro music and some silly fun.  This movie was painful.  I have never seen worse acting, never.  If you watch you can see Parker Posie looking around as if she is waiting for the director to yell cut.  Someone should have.  The same tired old joke is rehashed countles times, that product placement is everywhere, Target logos inside the plane etc..  This was mildly funny once.  Once.  Rachel Leigh Cook is unsinkable.  She is so beautiful that she can make a film better simply by standing there, she is incapable of delivering a bad line no matter how poorly it is written, bravo Rachel, you poor brave girl.  To screw up a film like this takes hideous directing, editing and writing.  The jokes are old, the story is lame and the acting must be seen to be believed.  I was ashamed leaving the theater that someone would have seen me there, I need not have worried there were, perhaps 3 people in the whole multiplex...three too many.
If this is what one calls "American Youth Culture", then let me say, for crying out loud..."Give Us All A Break"! The movie is nothing but an egotistical trip of a ...girlie rock band, trying to find its way in the typical corporate mainstream. I have to be honest, Hollywood media is so much based today on mainstream ..., that they tend to ignore the actual "American Youth Culture", that today is in fact leading towards the underground "DANCE SCENE". I really had admired movies like "Groove" and "Trainspotting" which truly reflected that particular club culture...which I guess will take years to finally hit the Hollywoood mainstream, which is so much obsessed with reflecting of what's "In" in terms of MTV, and the top 40's....
My daughter has an old cartoon "Josie and the Pussycats" video from years ago which she likes to watch.  So when she wanted to buy this DVD with her Amazon credit, I said "sure."  I am sorry I did.  The characters are evil and nasty.  One character in particular uses an excessive amount of bad language to get her point across.  The story line is completely vapid.  This was a waste of money and I've hidden it so my daughter can't watch it again.
This is not the nimble, intellectual satire that the movie makers, and reviewers on Amazon, would like you to think it is.  Beyond that, it is insulting, and may actually be a vehicle for the very product placement/power-of-suggestion marketing technique it claims to be skewering.<br /><br />The movie doesn't really know what it wants to be, and it manages to NOT be any of the movies it's trying to be: It's NOT a teen flick, it's NOT a comic book adaptation, it's NOT a clever social satire, it's NOT a comedy, biting or otherwise.<br /><br />One of the biggest issues I have with the movie is the product placement and subliminal messaging.  If they really meant it to be seen as a comment on rampant commercialism, why didn't the movie makers use fake brands? Instead, the well-known brands and logos crammed into every corner of every frame in the film turn it into the commercial it claims to be railing against. Another reviewer felt this was downright deceptive, and I am inclined to agree.<br /><br />Aside from the product placement issue, the movie has no character development ( I KNOW they are cartoon characters, but even as cartoons they have some personality).  The acting is, uh, limited: Rachel Leigh Cook mostly just expresses dull surprise, Rosario Dawson is given almost nothing to do, and Tara Reid can't even do ditzy with any conviction.  Posey Parker and Alan Cummings are reasonably good, but with this script they've got to work awfully hard, and their characters still end up being flat, one-dimensional stereotypes.  The plot could have been entertaining, in a goofy, cartoon way, but instead it just kind of lays there, waiting for someone to pick it up and run with it.<br /><br />And why was it necessary to toss in a bunch of juvenile, vulgar "humor"? Again, just insulting.<br /><br />Originally, I was hoping to find a fun, cute, light romp with Josie and the Pussycats.  After reading comments from reviewers who not only liked it, but also indicated that it had some real depth, and a message to impart, I bought it thinking that it would be surprisingly meaty and meaningful.  In the end, I got neither, and this DVD now resides in the garbage.
You don't get much dumber than this movie.. seriously it was horrible.<br /><br />The only reason that I watched this was because it had a pretty good review on this website, where I get most of my reviews but I guess that reviews don't tell you everything.<br /><br />Seriously, if you decide to watch this movie.. god help you, it is so bad and should never have been made.<br /><br />Please, for the sake of your mental health, NEVER. EVER. EVER. watch this movie.
I think in the years to come, when people are studying film, this movie, though a flop, will be discussed as an example of the large problem that product placement or "brand integration" has become in Hollywood. Josie and the Pussycats is bad enough to begin with (despite having the characters and general idea from the comic and early 70s TV cartoon, the movie really didn't succeed in transferring the feel of the comic to the screen -- Alexander and Alexandra are wasted); but when the viewer is assaulted by product placement throughout it just becomes too much. I have never felt so insulted by a movie.  This isn't a story, it's an hour and a half advertisement. Products and logos are so awkwardly inserted into every frame that I was overwhelmed. The filmmakers claim it's a subversive in-joke: I see it as deception.  After all, the moviegoer still had to pay to see this movie.<p>The movie itself is a travesty.  Tara Reid has the comic timing of a slice of bologna. Her Melody (with an oddly gin soaked and cigarette hoarse voice) made me miss Jackie Joseph's pitch perfect voicework of the cartoon.  Reid is an awful actress and it's agony to watch her try (and fail) to be funny. Alan Cumming and Parker Posey were entertaining as usual but I was ashamed that they did this and am hoping these were their "paycheck movies." Rachel Leigh Cook spends the entire film with the same questioning, bewildered expression on her face.  Maybe she was wondering what she was doing in such a bad movie.<p>Avoid at all costs. The one good thing about the film is that it may make people return to the ad free and infinitely more satisfying environment of books.
The only reason to watch this movie is that there are cute girls in it.  If you like it for any reason other than that, you are stupid.
I never saw Josie and the Pussycats for the longest time--the previews made it look like one of the many teen, self-actualization movies where girls from Small-town, USA, beat the odds and achieve their dreams as rock-stars.  Ugh.  Oh, but how wrong was I and almost everyone else who chose not to see the film...<br /><br />This film is a critique on modern music and the way everything has become corporate.  But don't let the depth of this film turn you away if you're just looking for something entertaining.  This movie has tons of that too.  It's perhaps the funniest satire I've seen in years (Alan Cumming is the man), and you will know why this is during the opening scene of the film on the airplane.  ("Take the Chevy to the Levy"--brilliant.)<br /><br />Keep an eye out for all the product placement in the movie, too--the studio received exactly no compensation for them.  It's all a part of the bigger joke, which I won't spoil here.  (A joke that is RIDICULOUS in the extreme sense of the word, but you'll love the writers for it.)<br /><br />Acting is great, pacing is excellent, music is awesome, and why are you still reading this review?  Click "Add to Cart."<br /><br />If you still have your doubts, go out and rent this film.  (Be sure to get the PG-13 version of the film.)  Believe me, though, that there's a really good chance that this will end up on your shelf before long.
I've seen both versions and here are the differences between the two:<p>The PG-13 version is the theatrical version, widescreen. It contains a bit of language and suggestive dialogue--enough to make it PG-13.<p>The PG version is an "edited" version that was cleaned up enough to make it pass for PG, which is what the original creator wanted. IT IS FULL FRAME. Every site you go to will say it's widescreen, but it's NOT. It is full frame--so be aware of that. Other than that, the extras, DTS and DD5.1 sound, etc, is exactly the same as the original.<p>Most of the edits made in the PG version are stuff you won't notice because they just cut a scene a few seconds early. (For instance, in the PG-13 opening video, Melody is holding a sign that says "Honk if you love Pussycats," but the "cats" is cut off--in the PG version, you don't see this clip in the video at all. They replaced it with something else.) However, there are TWO bits of dialogue where they did voice-overs. Both times it's the bad guys ranting and you can tell their lips move differently from the "cleaner" dialogue that's inserted. It's just like watching a cleaned-up movie on TV in those two small parts.<p>I should also add that the ONLY place I could find online that had the PG version is Amazon. For both the PG and PG-13 version, they show the same picture, BUT instead of the purple "Widescreen" bar at the top, the PG version ACTUALLY has a pink band at the top that says "This Film Edited for Family Viewing." On the back it says 1.33:1 Full Frame.<p>Personally, I own the PG version because I have some very young ones watching it--and the language is totally out of place in this film. But it's a sacrifice since you lose the widescreen.
I am astonished that this film has been so undeservingly underated. It strikes me that certain people went along with the intention of having an utterly miserable time if they saw anything less brilliant than 'Citizen Kane', then took enormous pleasure in savaging this film when it failed to reach their vast expectations. Frankly if you are so through an elitist in films that the thought of teenage or 20ish characters (God forbid) or their brand of pop culture makes you break out into a hysterical fit of ranting, then you should have known better than to stay away from this.<p>DuJour are an utterly devestating parody of a boyband, and understandably much of the first half-hour is spent in their shadow. Still our introduction to the Pussycats is well done, and easily establishes their current standing. Rachael Leigh Cook, a stunning actress with the largest eyes I have ever seen, is nicely done here. To anyone who would doubt her comedic talent - or lack of interest there in - just watch her eye movements in her first scene with Alan M. Maybe, and I confess I am not an expert, she is different from the cartoon Josie, but by all accounts that is a good thing. In the cartoons I hear she was a nonentity, here she is the core character of the film. While Tara Reid's Melody is perhaps funnier, Josie is still the  centre and Rachael Leigh Cook does it well. The other Pussycats have similar good moments, though shorter than Josie's.<p>Alan Cumming simply lights up the screen whenever he appears. While we are required to actually like Josie, Mel and Val (and they are in fact very likeable) Cummings Whyatt Frame is under no such constraints and it is entirely suitable that he is the only character to break the fourth wall. Posey Parker is almost as good as Cumming, but odder yet. She is good fun in the film, though not as purely fantastic as Cumming.<p>The supporting cast are okay. Paulo Costanzo as the Pussycats hopeless manager Alexander Cabot III is the best, but Missi Pyle, Gabriel Mann, Tom Butler and especially Alexander Martin, are all very good.<p>I'm amazed that so many people seem to have either not realised the product placement was part of the films joke, or have realised it, but decide to hold it against them anyway. The gag does become a little cloying after a while, but it does slow down a bit in the final half hour, and is never too distracting. If you found the product placement scene in Waynes World funny, this should cause you no trouble.<p>The music is of course down to personal taste, but I found some of it at least pretty good, and nothing more unmemorable than any other film track. '3 Simple Words' and 'Pretend to be Nice' are viable singles in their own right, and you will never be able to listen to a boyband again after 'Backdoor Lover' and 'DuJour around the World'. Rachael Leigh Cook, Tara Reid and Rosario Dawson do at least provide backing for their own songs, which is something.<p>Overall I would say that this was one of the most underated films of 2001 and the least deserved flop. What kind of sick world is it where 'The Mummy Returns' is more popular than 'Josie...?' Watch it.<p>Yours<p>~Ross
I went to this movie expecting nothing more than to watch Rachel Leigh Cook (Josie) and Tara Ried (Mel) dance around on stage in skimpy outfits.  Imagine my surprise one of the funniest opening scenes I have ever seen! From the boy band named &quot;Du Jour&quot; (I guarantee my roommate and I were the only 2 people in the entire theatre filled with 13 year old girls who got that joke) and their hit single &quot;Backdoor Lover&quot; to the rediculous product placements and government conspiracy to put subliminal messages and advertisements in our music, thereby controlling trends and keeping teenagers buying the next best thing.  Younger viewers who don't necissarily get the humor will enjoy the music and the unbelieveable plotline and love story while older viewers will enjoy the hilarious and almost plausible hyperbole of the conspiracy.
I avoided this movie for a long time, being that it just looked horrible.  Then, one boring night it came on cable, and since I had watched everything else already, I gave it a look...And I laughed my arse off!  It totally makes fun of the target audience it was made to entertain.  I mean, don't go looking for an award winning movie here (not artsy-fartsy), but it's stupid fun and is worth a damn good laugh or two. I'm not big on dumb humor movies, but this has just enough twist (and clever twists) to keep me laughing.  I was VERY surprised to have enjoyed this movie as much as I did.  Perhaps there IS something to subliminal messages in movies?
Someone's lost their sense of humour!<p>Well, I rented this video last night. I was pretty damn pleased with it, not least because of the pretty girls and pretty songs, and the back-door-lovin boy band.  Many bits made silly-ol'-me fall of my seat laughing , like the Honk if you love pussy......cats. This sets the tone of the film and introduces us to the completely gorgeous lovable wacko Mel). The plot is laughable, but so what? Very cute Rachel acting as Josie is a little flat but who cares? The film pokes fun at a horribly real cross-mass-marketing culture, in which all forms of media gang up to sell us the same products, and feed us the same drivel about what's going on in our world. But it didn't get bogged down in a lesson in ethics. It's a very watchable film, and that's all you need to know.<p>For those who go a little deeper:<p>How can so many viewers/reviewers/critics can miss the very very obvious running joke about the totally OTT product placement, and instead tell us that there's a lot of product placement in the film. That it becomes exactly what it satirises? Isn't satire all about the characters drawing attention to unpleasant reality by living that reality hilariously?  Lighten up!<p>How can anyone think that the ridiculous McDonalds shower-scene and Mel's urge to eat big macs after hearing their music played back through a "processor" will really make all the kids flock to McDonalds to buy Big Macs and Ronald McDonald bath-sponges? (I'd rather buy a shower with Mel in it, but maybe that's inappropriate)<p>There's nothing subliminal about all this, IT IS JUST A JOKE. Many seem to have lost their sense of irony. If we're assuming that kids won't get the joke, we're being very patronising. And maybe the fact that the distinction between<br />celebrating/slating the whole consumer culture is occasionally blurred in this film, makes the valid point that, WE  MAKE UP OUR OWN MINDS. If you wanna diet coke, get one, otherwise don't!<p>Recently, Justin Timberlake has teamed up with McDonalds here in the UK for a massive "I'm lovin it" ad campaign. No joke! Stick a Timburger in your CD player.<p>The fact that MTV avoided showing much about this film suggests that MTV felt targetted, not flattered, by being cast as distributors of the corporate propaganda. Not a celebration but an attack. Surely a good thing?<p>So..... cute likeable girls (esp Tara Reid), great one-liners and comedy timing by the pussycats as well as the other characters, bright sparkly production, fun fun fun!<p> Did I like the film? Definitely. Would I buy the DVD? Yes, I think so. Was it better than Rock 'n' Roll High School which I bought last week (silly plot, stupid gags, great laughs and of course the Ramones)(...) well(...) that would be telling!<p>Some reviewers can't spell PARODY (parity, parroty, perrady). Can we blame them for missing the gags? Watch it again, I say.<p>The only truly subliminal message in the movie, from the gig scene at the end, managed to work through my mind into the title of the review. Whoops!
I thought this movie would be a mindless piece of fluff, but it was creative and well acted.  I didn't know that Parker Posey, who is dazzling in films such as Clockwatchers and the House of Yes, or Alan Cumming, who was great in Titus, were in this film, nor Seth Green as a Dujour member, as well as the guy who plays Turk on Scrubs, Donald Faison.<p>I didn't expect the first ten minutes to be SO funny. I nearly spit out my gum.  Just the idea of someone killing a boy band because they started to get wise to their manager's tricks was hilarious.  The Target plane was silly and added so much to the rest of the films anti-consumer theme.<p>After this, it got a little slower, so I thought, ok, the fun part is over and now it is a MTV music video for three cute girls. But it was more than that.  It had a great plotline with the girls becomming rock starlets overnight, wondering about their success, expect the blonde girl who likes singing "If you are happy and you know it clap you hands" in the Mc Donald's shower. I also liked the goth punk kids who were slowly being controlled to like pop music. Oh and Parker Posey's big hooped mess of a dress and the flower thing that made noise when she moved.<p>Reminded me a lot of Austin Powers or lesser known but good films like Monkeybone or Office Space. <p>One more thing, I love Josie and the Pussycats. They are my favorite band.  I also want a pair of Steve Madden shoes and Diet Coke with Lemon is the new Pepsi One.
While promoted as just another teen rock band comedy, Josie and the Pussycats is smart and sly, as well as being genuinely funny.  A satire on the prevalent band-as-marketing-tool phenomenon, the movie lets the audience know what it is in for from the very first scenes, featuring a Backstreet Boys-type boy band surrounded by a veritable plethora of product placement logos.  Using real companies' logos helps drive the message home, though it's important to point out--as the filmmakers do on their commentary track--that the companies did not pay to have their logos used, keeping the film from being too hypocritical.<p>Obviously, the movie isn't any too subtle advocating free will over following what's popular, but it's such a likeable movie, that doesn't really matter.  As Josie, Rachel Leigh Cook is perfectly cast, projecting an air of genuine caring towards her friends.  Rosario Dawson, as the constantly neglected black Pussycat, makes her character about more than just her race, and thus makes the racist attitudes seem so much more unreasonable.  Tara Reid, as dumb blonde Melody, adds so much charm to her performance that the character comes across as more than just an object of ridicule.  And Alan Cumming and Parker Posey are delightfully over the top as the evil record company executives, who even manage to make themselves almost sympathetic at the end when their own hidden sides come to light.<p>The extra features on this DVD are pretty nifty, though not the selling point.  I particularly enjoyed the commentary from the filmmakers, proving that if you set your sights higher than a typical teen comedy, it will show in your work.  This movie is so much better than it really has any right to be, and I'm glad I got a chance to see it.
This movie is a lot of fun, and much smarter than some people will give it credit for.  Great comedic performances by Alan Cumming and Parker Posey, who between them chew enough scenery to create a soundstage.  And the Pussycats are genuinely fun, hot babes: it's not Rachel Leigh Cook who steals the show as Josie, but Tara Reid, whose giggly blondeness recalls a "Laugh-In" era Goldie Hawn.  Lots of great in-jokes (get the PG-13 version), totally "jerkin'" costumes, a few catchy songs ... and yes, all those product placements.  (Hint: spotting them makes a great, if fast-moving, drinking game!)  If it's not the "Heathers" of the 00's, it's almost the "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun".
If you want a good escapist movie, this is it.  It's silly and funny, without much complicated issues to think about - except that Josey and the Pussycats must save the world from being brainwashed by advertisers.  The parody of boy bands is hilarious, and the Pussycats - Rosario Dawson and Tara Reid are cute and sweet.  A fan of quirky Parker Posey, I'm not disappointed by her steady performance as an advertising executive bent on brainwashing the world into thinking that orange is the new black.  If you have a sense of humor, the silliness in this film will make you laugh.  If you are looking for Oscar winning fare, then look elsewhere.
When I heard there was going to be a &quot;Josie and the Pussycats&quot; movie, I first though &quot;oh, no!  NOT ANOTHER HANNA-BARBERA CARTOON ADAPTED TO SCREEN (The flintstones)!!!&quot; but when I saw it with my friends on the first night of Spring Break, I was laughing the whole time out.  Here's the basic story: Josie (played by Rachel Lee Cook) is the leader of the band &quot;The Pussycats&quot; who her friends Mel (Tara Reid) and Val (Rosario Dawson) are also in.  But so far, there lousy manager and his annoying sister aren't doing anything to raise their music career.  Meanwhile, a major pop music Manager, Whyle (played by Broadway fame, Alan Cumming) just dumped a big pop boy band because they found out they had sublimital messages in there lyrics.  He then finds Josie and her pussycats, and signs them to Mega Records, who the owner, named Fiona (Parker Posey) was a High school loser becoming the world's most popular.  The team is then truned on each other when the messages in &quot;their&quot; songs brainwash Josie.  The three then must fight back against the evil corporation.<p>JATPC is an a hilarious mock of teen pop culture that everyone knows about (The boybands that are fake, pop artists that don't sing and, of course, Sublimital messages in song lyrics).  Athough the actors don't really sing (what, you really thought they did?)  they are great in the movie, espically Tara Reid, wom her charecter Mel is either a Dumb Blonde or a loving girl who loves everything.  Reid's fianc&eacute;e, TRL's Carson Daly makes a cameo in the film as, well, himself only controlled by the evil corp.  Also, for anyone who lives in Huntington Beach or Orange County, you will root when one of the Charecters says he went to Huntington High School.  Plus, the city of Riverdale is where the Pussycats live.  Great film for teens that love pop culture or just what a laugh!
Josie McCoy and her best friends, Valerie and Melody, make up The Pussycats, a struggling garage band from the town of Riverdale, U.S.A. They're gorgeous, they're talented, they're pretty naive, and they can't seem to get a break in the record business! Little do they know that Wyatt Frame, the main man at Megarecords, is looking for a new act, and he just happens to be looking in Riverdale. After the tragic deaths of the members of his most recent pop sensation find, boy-band Du Jour, Wyatt is desperate to find a replacement. When he stumbles upon Josie and the girls crossing a busy street with their instruments in hand, he signs them immediately, without hearing a single note of music from them. Suddenly, the newly dubbed Josie and the Pussycats are on a rollercoaster ride to fame and fortune, and within a week they have a number one song and a sold out concert on the horizon. But the girls don't know that the sinister music industry has been slipping subliminal messages under their tracks, using their music to sell everything from tennis shoes to Gatorade. When Valerie begins to catch on, Wyatt preoccupies her with the idea that Josie is hogging the spotlight, and when simple-minded Melody ALSO begins to get a bad feeling about things, Wyatt's boss, Fiona, decides the two trouble-making pussycats must be eliminated.<br />Josie and the Pussycats is fun beyond belief. A perfect cast and a smart, funny script carry this movie to a level few comedies have been able to reach recently. The potty humor is to a minimum, focusing the laughs on quirky characters and a great plot about trends and product placement advertising. Despite what some reviewers might say, this live-action version of the famous cartoon band does an excellent job of staying true to the characters, while updating them for a 21st century audience. The excessive product placement is meant to be a joke, not a huge ad. Anyone who says otherwise must have completely not understood the plot of the film, which is pretty sad since it was extremely clear and simple. A warning should be placed on the soundtrack to this movie though. The songs are great, with very sexy voices, but there is a LOT of sexual innuendo here and there. As for the perfect casting I mentioned before, Rachael Leigh Cook is gorgeous and talented as usual, a perfect choice, and definitely one of my top dream-girls. I only wish she had been cast as Sailor Mercury years ago in the live-action Sailor Moon movie that was almost made. Tara Ried and Rosario Dawson were well cast too. Though Tara's character, Melody, aside from being gorgeous, may also seem ridiculously stupid at times, this is only in keeping with the original cartoon character's personality, so God bless `em for not changing her! Alexander and Alexandra were well cast as well, and really added some extremely funny moments to the film, as did the hilarious villains, Fiona and Wyatt. Alan M. was also well cast, though extremely scrawny in comparison to the original cartoon character, but that's the modern image of a hunk I suppose. Oh, and Du Jour, the boy band parody, was too, TOO funny! Great casting there too! Seth Green is always hilarious! All in all, this is simply an awesome movie! You can't go wrong by buying a copy! Definitely rising in ranks to one of my all time favorite films. As for DVD extras, there's a behind the scenes featurette, great deleted scenes, a hot little Pussycats video, two very funny Du Jour videos, and some other little niblettes. A warning though, for all the other guys like me, who'd do just about anything for a date with Rachael Leigh Cook: Though the Backstage featurette will give you some adorable scenes of Rachael, including seeing her with beautiful, long, brown hair, and again later with hideous, chopped and bleached hair, ha, you will also have to suffer through her going on and on about how gorgeous the guy who plays Alan M. is. It can be a tough segment to watch.
I enjoyed the film, it was comical,but had serious side to it. I really,really enjoyed the extra features on the DVD like the Backstage with interviews of the various cast members and my favorite producer Marc Platt. I also loved the music videos.<br /><br />I truly recommend this.
Two of my guy friends love to watch this movie, over and over again.  It's fun, silly, but oh so true on how they advertise today.
I would have never imagined that I would enjoy this movie as much as I did.  But, it&#65533;s great!! It is a brilliant satirical attack on the recording industry and how much marketing is tied into art.  It is so much fun. Rachael Leigh Cook is an amazing actress and I do hope that Hollywood&#65533;s lights continue to receive this rather stunning young starlet. <p>The cast in the movie was great. &#65533;American Pie&#65533;s&#65533; Tara Reid plays the rather effervescent &#65533;Melody,&#65533; the band&#65533;s drummer.  Rosario Dawson plays the bassist, &#65533;Val.&#65533;  Parker Posey and Alan Cumming fill out the &#65533;bad guy&#65533; roles rather well. <p>The Pussycat music is actually pretty catchy.  There were a slew of songwriters involved in this picture. Adam Duritz of Counting Crows and several others, wrote music for the movie that was later sacked.  I do believe there is one Duritz penned song in the movie. <p>The interaction of the group, the satirical story, and even the moderately cheesy love story, all give this movie an almost infectious likeability.  I never grow tired of watching it.  I don&#65533;t know what was left out of the &#65533;PG&#65533; rated version, so, get the &#65533;PG-13&#65533; or you may miss something cool.  This movie is well worth owning, don&#65533;t bother renting it.  <p>epc
Josie and the Pussycats is a movie that a person will either hate, or they will love it. I fall into the &quot;Love it&quot; category. I just found it fun to watch. Rachel Leigh Cooke, Rosario Dawson, and Tara Reid (Hilarious! &quot;I could be in this room - and in the bathroom - and in the closet&quot;) made completely lovable characters out of Josie, Val, and Mel. Alan Cummings and Parker Posey were great as our &quot;cartoonish&quot; villians. Parker Posey was hilarious and completely over the top, but it was great. There are plenty of cameos: Carson Daly, Aries Spears of MadTV, Seth Green, Breckin Meyer, and the Moviefone Man's Voice! Josie was all about pop culture and pop references. It's more like a spoof of the whole &quot;Teen takeover&quot; thing going on. The plot revolves around a sinister plan. The plan? &lt;Enter cartoonish villain music from movie&gt; A major underground corporation puts subliminal (right word?) messages in the backgrounds of CDs that sells stuff. A la, &quot;Pepsi One is the new Diet Coke&quot; and &quot;Orange is the new pink!&quot; and &quot;I want an Abercrombie tee.&quot; The organization is headed by Parkey Posey and Alan Cumming's characters, and they have signed Josie and co. as their new band, and their new lab rat. All that ensues in Josie and the Pussycats is good times, and learning how to hold onto friendship. The DVD has pretty good picture, and the sound is good. Especially during the songs. The supplements are good enough to satisfy any fan of the movie. To begin with, there's a 24 minute featurette explaining the whole movie, and has some great behind-the-scenes footage. There are 3 deleted scenes. The first two are entertaining, but the 3rd is just a tiny extended scene. Next up is the video for Three Small Words by Josie and the Pussycats, and 2 videos from the spoofed boy-band Du Jour (Which had Seth Green and Breckin Meyer in it). The Du Jour videos are hilarious spoofs of boy band videos. Rounding out the extras is the theatrical trailer and cast and crew bios. I did find one dissapointing thing. In Parker Posey's movie credits, they forgot to mention her role in Scream 3. That's what made me a fan of Parker. There is also a commentary from director and producer, but I didn't get to catch that. Although I'm pretty sure it was entertaining. In the end, Josie and the Pussycats is your average attempt at a fun movie. For some people, it doesn't work. But there are a select number that do enjoy it, and I'm one of them.
I had never wanted to see this movie and finally caught it on cable one night.  To my amazement, I loved it.  Its a whole lot smarter and funnier than I had imagined it to be.  When a boy band called DuJour begins to get wise to the record labels devious tricks, they disappear and the exec goes searching for the next big thing.  What he finds is a garage band called "Josie and the Pussycats", a struggling girl group playing bowling alleys and malls.  To their surprise, he makes them an overnight sensation and within one week, they are the number one band in the country.  But is there something odd about this?  Yes and the trouble begins when Josie begins to realize she is being brainwashed and their cd is also brainwashing millions of teenyboppers.<p>This is a tongue in cheek view of popular pop groups and teen fashion and fads.  The government and corportations are selling Big Macs, clothes and other "must haves" through subliminal messages and there is even an underground lab where every film star, cd and teen slang is created by corporate clones. From the Ronald McDonald infested bathroom to the kitty-eared headphones telling all teens to conform, its a perfect satire of the recording and fashion industries.<p>Hilarious and not just for kids, Josie and the Pussycats almost makes you wonder just where all those lightning quick fads are coming from.  Great!
I just want to tell all the guys out there to get over their macho egos. This is an excellent movie that has probably been rarely seen by anyone over the age of 13 or not of the female gender. Yeah so its marketed to that demographic, that doesn't mean its not a qaulity movie. I would just like to proclaim proudly that I am a 20 year old male and I enjoy this movie to no end. I remember hearing "3 Small Words" on TRL when the movie came out and liked it. But, like most people who aren't 13 year old girls I thought "I can't let anyone know that I like this". I just forgot about it until I happen to see it on a movie channel. I watched it for about 20 minutes and thought "this is actaully funny, smart, and entertaining." It didn't hurt that I was a fan of Rachael Leigh Cook, either. Then I remembered hearing "3 Small Words" and just as I did the studio scene arrived and I heard them play it and thought "there is no way I can live without this movie or soundtrack any longer." So without seeing the whole movie I went out and purchased the DVD and the Soundtrack. Yes, I braved the strange looks of the cashiers and never looked back. Upon seeing the whole movie and hearing the whole soundtrack, I was hooked and proceeded to watch and listen to them incessantly. Rachael, Rosario, and Tara turn in great performances and Alan Cumming steals the show as Wyatt Frame. Breckin, Alex, Donald, and Seth are hilarious as the boy band DuJour and Parker Posie plays the perfect arch-villian Fiona. This movie is laugh out loud funny and whip-smart with an intriguing and original plot. The only thing stopping you from enjoying this is your tough guy image. Its okay to admit you love this movie. I am proud to say that I do!
I thought this movie looked incredibly stupid when I saw it promoted - and I stayed far away from it when it came to the theater.  Then, recently, a friend of mine wanted to watch it and I basically had no choice but to sit and watch it with him.  I really like Parker Posey, so I tried to make the most of the movie.<p>And, about two minutes into Josie, I reaized I didn't have to &quot;make the most of anything.  This is a really cool movie.  It's surprisingly very smart too.  It says alot about our culture today...all the consumerism and marketing and cross-promotion synergy that's forced down our throats (read an article in a magazine about a book that's being made into a movie with a documentary feature being produced for the TV and a video game set to hit stores by Christmas, right after the fast food Happy Meal tie-ins...Welcome to McWorld!...and spend, spend, spend!).<p>The movie is also very funny.  What horrible marketing it had when it was in theaters!  I never knew this flick would be roll on the floor hilarios.  Tara Reid is genius in this movie - and that's something I would never have dreamed I'd say about Tara Reid, based on what I know about her from her appearances on TRL or whatever.  Her character is hands-down my favorite in the movie. She has some really great lines and gags as the sweetly-stupid Melody.  She's worth watching the movie entirely unto herself.<p>The rest of the cast is really great too.  I'm not a big fan of Alan Cummings, but Parker Posey is her usual talented self here.  There's several great cameos in this - and lots of in-jokes for people who remember the Pussycats cartoon from the 70s/early 80s.  <p>I honestly can't say anything bad about this movie.  It's one that I can see again and again and still laugh out loud over.  And the great thing about it is that hardly anyone has seen it.  It's one of those private little gems you can add to your dvd collection and take out to surprise and entertain friends one night.  They will totally make fun of you when you suggest Josie and the Pussycats...but I GUARANTEE you they'll apologize when the movie starts up.  I still apologize to my friend for making fun of him about his love of Josie.  But like I said, when I'm wrong, I admit it.  <p>Seriously..give his movie a chance and add it to your collection.  You won't regret it.
Josie and the Pussycats is one of the best movies I've ever saw.  It didn't do very well at the box office, but its because they didn't market themselves correctly.  There are so much things to rave about, but I think most of the reviews spoil the movie by telling what its about, and I don't think the film makers wanted you to know because they never mentioned the other plot in the trailers.  (Yeah I know my review sounds confusing!)  But the other great things about this movie is that the characters are very likeable and hilarious.  The girls actually look like rock stars, and the music just makes you wanna get up and dance.  I swear after you've seen this movie, you'll have to get the soundtrack.  The boy band DuJour is hilarious, and I loved the I Want it That Way spoof of the Backstreet Boys (although the Backstreet Boys aren't a boy band, they're a harmonizing group)  although I wonder why there's four of them instead of five.  Alan Cunning and Parker Posey are just perfectly cast, and they're such great actors.  In short, JUST SEE THIS MOVIE!
This was a great movie, with catchy tunes.  As a fan of the original cartoon series, I much looked forward to the release of the movie.  And I wasn't disappointed at all.  Rachael Leigh Cook is fantastic as Josie.  I would highly recomend this movie.
I'll be the first to say I rented this movie not with the intention of witnessing a spectacular film, but purely because of the possitive feedback I had received form friends. I must say Josie and the Pussycats exceeded my expectations.<br /><br />This movie is excellent simply because it's so fun. Packed with catchy pop punk and witty humour, JATP will have you wondering if the music industry really is coating our favourite songs with subliminal messages. I adored the plot, which had some serious points but were potrayed in a light, feel -good way.<br /><br />Ultimately, when it had ended, I started it again and sung along. I'm not afriad to admit it. I ended up returning the movie a few days late, and later bought it.
`Josie and the Pussycats' is one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen. With a great cast, a well written script, and good songs included, you cannot help but love this movie!<br /><br />The movie starts off with the boy band DuJour (imitating BSB, who were famous during the time this movie released), who discover something awkward behind the music in their CD and are made victims of a plane crash when their manager Wyatt Frame decides to get rid of them before they find out anything more. In search of a new band, Wyatt notices Josie McCoy, Melody Valentine and Valerie Brown of the group `The Pussycats', and instantaneously makes them famous so that the company's secret mission behind the music continues. Josie and her gang promise each other that they would be friends first and a group second. However, once they become popular, Josie's attitude changes, but will she realize her mistakes and bring peace in the end?<br /><br />This movie was hilarious from start to end. Rachel Leigh Cook, Rosario Dawson, and especially Tara Reid acted out their part well as the Pussycats. But the credit has to go to Alan Cumming and Parker Posey for doing such a fantastic job on their roles, and providing so much humor through the movie. Even Missi Pyle (who played Alexandra Cabot) was funny with her expressions. The storyline, even though it is senseless at times, is totally unique and kept my attention. Director Harry Elfont and Deborah Kaplan (who also directed the comical `Cant Hardly Wait') balanced out the comedy and romance in this movie and did a first-class job. And last but not the least, the catchy upbeat songs were a great change to listen to, and I'm sure I will be purchasing the soundtrack of this album in sometime.<br /><br />Even the DVD has some behind the scenes features and an audio commentary for the movie, to entertain us for a while. All in all, `Josie and the Pussycats' will uplift your spirits if you are feeling down, and make you laugh at least once.
&#65533;Josie and the Pussycats&#65533; brings the 70&#65533;s cartoon about a girl rock band to the big screen.  Overall, people who gave the movie a pass the first time around at the theatres will be pleasantly surprised by this fun movie which pokes a little fun at pop culture and music.<p>THE MOVIE:<p>The Story:<p>Josie and the Pussycats (Rachel Leigh Cooke, Tara Reid and Rosario Dawson) are a garage rock band looking for their big break.  When a huge recording contract and overnight success comes to the girls suddenly they realize all is not as it seems as they uncover a huge media conspiracy.<p>The Cool Stuff:<p>It&#65533;s all about the story here.  All the observers, conspiracy theorists and pundits who talk about how much the media controls the youth of America has their movie right here!!  Overall, the movie&#65533;s a pretty brilliant comedy that touches upon issues such as these as well as simpler, but important, things such as remembering where you come from and who your friends are.  Some of the shots against current pop culture were pretty hilarious also (Boy Bands as well as the over abundance of consumerism) Bravo!!<p>THE DVD:<p>Again, like most DVD releases this DVD comes packed full of some great extras to enhance your viewing pleasure.  While not quite as packed as some other DVDs what you get here is a nice mix.  Among the goodies included here are:<p>1. Commentary &#65533; always insightful<p>2. &#65533;Backstage Pass&#65533; - 25 minute feature that talks about, among other things, the actresses relationships and chemistry and them learning to play together as a real band as well as their rock costumes.<p>3. 3 Deleted Scenes<p>4. 3 music videos:  &#65533;Three Small Words&#65533; by Josie and the Pussycats, &#65533;Backdoor Lover&#65533; by Dujour and &#65533;Dujour Around the World&#65533; by Dujour<p>5. Trailers:  The theatrical and teaser trailer plus trailers for other movies.<p>6. Production Notes &#65533; more insight into the movie<p>7. Cast and Crew Bios<p>THE VERDICT:<p>Overall this movie was just nice.  It may have passed most people&#65533;s radar the first time around but if you are looking for a nice rental for the weekend or evening this is your film.  The storytelling is very solid.  The story works on the deeper level as a story about friendship and pursuing your dreams.  It also works on a comedy level with its talk about media influencing the youth plus it&#65533;s bashing of popular culture and consumerism.  The DVD features, while a little fluffy, make this particular DVD a great addition to your DVD library if you are so inclined to purchase it.<p>Final Grades:<p>Movie:  5 stars<br />Extras:  4 stars<p>Total:  4 stars<p>Highly Recommended
I never saw the original cartoon but decided to pick up 2001's "Josey and the Pussycats" because Tara Reid's such a cutie and it looked like some fun entertainment.<br /><br />Yes, it's fun and the girls are attractive (also featuring Rachael Leigh Cook & Rosario Dawson) but, surprisingly, "Josey and the Pussycats" shoots for something deeper. As my title blurb points out, this is an amusing and potent satire on the power and manipulation of the entertainment industry.<br /><br />Alan Cumming is outstanding as the villainous band manager who uses, abuses and throws away at whim. His opening scene with the fictional boyband Du Jour is worth the price of admission! Parker Posey is also good as his diabolical superior.<br /><br />Ever wonder why all those musicians die in mysterious plane crashes, overdoses, etc. at the height of their fame? How about all those successful government cover-ups? How do artists with little actual talant and songwriting abilities become hugely popular while the truly talanted artists languish in obscurity (like Meliah Rage)? Why do you sometimes have this insane drive for a Big Mac or Coke? "Josie and the Pussycats" explains all, lol.<br /><br />As for the doofuses who complain about the product placement, they all live on Aduh Street.<br /><br />The film runs 98 minutes.<br /><br />FINAL WORD: I thought this was going to be some fun, dumb girl-band flick, but it's way smarter than that.<br /><br />GRADE: B
I don't know why everyone has a problem with this movie. Unlike most teen girl superstar movies I've seen, this one is intelligent and it actually makes an excellent point about modern music and popular culture in general. The Pussycats' songs are catchy and the Pussycats themselves are pretty nice too. Really good acting all around. Alan Cumming is the perfect bad guy for just about any movie, period. This does not seem to have that much to do with the 1970's cartoon of the same name, but that's for the better, trust me! I have no idea what is edited out of this version of the film, but it doesn't seem to matter. It's awesome anyway!
This movie is not exactly like the original media for Josie and the Pussycats - it has been significantly updated to fit the year that this movie was produced in. The story is almost like a spoof/parody of advertising, fashion, the music industry, pop culture etc, especially with the villains of this film.<br /><br />If you're looking for a movie that is completely faithful to the original, you will be disappointed. But movie adaptations are never exactly the same as their source, and some adaptations have been very good. This is one of them - it has its laugh-out-loud moments, along with some cheesy and dramatic moments to make for a nice, fun, light (but not too light) flick.
Perfect mix of satire, silly humor, and great music.  I never get tired of watching this.
Josie and The Pussycats is a movie based on a comic book that was a spin off of the Archie series. I had a suspicion that it was really no good, but I wanted to watch it anyway because I like Rosario Dawson (Rent), Rachael Leigh Cook (She's All That), Parker Posey (The House of Yes), Alan Cumming (Romy and Michele's High School Reunion), and Seth Green (Party Monster). It was kind of cute in spots, but it was born under a misbegotten moon.<br /><br />First there was a parody of a boy band, called Du Jour, and Seth Green and Breckin Myer were in it. It was just kind of lame, as far as parodies go. This was mercifully brief, and then another story emerges. Wyatt Frame (Alan Cumming) and Fiona (Parker Posey) are part of a conspiracy to plant subliminal messages in music to get teenagers to buy stuff. The government is in on it, and even Carson Daly (played by himself) and Mr. Moviefone are part of the nefarious plot.<br /><br />---------<br />Mr. Moviefone: Conform! Free will is overrated! Jump on the bandwagon! There is no such place as Area 51!<br />================================<br /><br />When Du Jour gets wise to what is going on, Wyatt and the pilot parachute out of the plane leaving the boy band to pull a Buddy Holly:<br /><br />[to pilot]<br />Wyatt: Take the Chevy to the levy.<br /><br />Silly as it sounds, the subliminal message subplot is actually an improvement over the boy band parody. It is sort of fun for a very brief while, but it soon grows tedious. In this spoof on consumerism, they have over 73 product placements. Yet, they were not paid for any of it, nor were they given any free samples. Though this speaks to the film maker's integrity, it is really kind of stupid. Compare and contrast to the scam Madonna pulled off when she was paid millions by Pepsi to make a commercial and gave them Like a Prayer. The commercial played maybe once before being pulled due to disturbing Catholic imagery. Madonna got the money, the publicity, and then her brand wasn't cheapened by being used to tout sugar water. That was really a successful attack against rampant consumerism. Josie and the Pussycats, the movie, was not.<br /><br />Wyatt needs a replacement for Du Jour, so he finds The Pussycats. He scoops them up and signs them, and within about a week they are at the top of the charts with millions of screaming fans. The subliminal messages also promote the band itself. An inside joke, one of the messages that scrolls on a marquee says "Can't Hardly Wait' was underrated." The writer / director team of Deborah Kaplan & Harry Elfont were responsible for that movie, too. I actually liked the musical segments with Josie and The Pussycats. Rachael, Rosario, and Tara were sent to band camp, and were actually playing (though I really doubt that it is them on the soundtrack, and Josie's lead vocals are dubbed by the singer for Letters to Cleo).<br /><br />I love Parker Posey, but this was no The House of Yes. One cute bit of trivia is that Carson Daly, who played himself, hooked up with Tara Reid on the set. They were engaged, even, though they later broke up.<br /><br />---------<br />Carson Daly: If I wasn't a key player in this whole conspiracy to brainwash the youth of America with rock music, we could totally date!<br />=================<br /><br />Bottom Line is that Josie and The Pussycats was cute in parts, but the cuteness wasn't enough to make up for the majority of the movie that was totally lame. Can't Hardly Wait showed promise for the team of Deborah Kaplan & Harry Elfont but they squandered their good will with Josie and The Pussycats.<br /><br />------------<br />Alexander Cabot: You know what? I still don't understand why you're here.<br />Alexandra Cabot: I'm here because I was in the comic book.<br />Alexander Cabot: What?<br />Alexandra Cabot: Nothing.<br />=============<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/6305907110">Down to You</a> (2000) Rosario Dawson was Lana<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/6305428255">She's All That</a> (1999) Rachael Leigh Cook was Laney Boggs<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00001PE4D">Cruel Intentions</a> (1999) Tara Reid was Marci Greenbaum<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00007ELEL">The Big Lebowski</a> (1998) Tara Reid was Bunny Lebowski<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00000F0AD">Can't Hardly Wait</a> (1998) Written & Directed by Deborah Kaplan & Harry Elfont; Seth Green was Kenny, Breckin Meyer was Walter - Loveb&uuml;rger Lead Singer (uncredited)<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/6305428026">The House of Yes</a> (1997) Parker Posey was 'Jackie-O' Pascal; Rachael Leigh Cook was Young 'Jackie-O'<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0767808673">Spice World</a> (1997) Alan Cumming was Piers<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/6305428425">Romy and Michele's High School Reunion</a> (1997) Alan Cumming was Sandy Frink<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000065V3Y">Basquiat</a> (1996) Parker Posey was Mary Boone<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004YA6G">Kids</a> (1995) Rosario Dawson was Ruby<br /><br />-------<br />[to pilot]<br />Wyatt: Take the Chevy to the levy.<br />==================
people, people this movie is great, however dont go into a whole philosophical breakdown of it.  Its a satire that just so happens to star hot babes...BAM...nuff said.  Pop it in, get sum popcorn ready and enjoy, thats it! finito.
Wow... I'm shocked. I loved this film!<br /><br />I was trolling YouTube for some video of the original cartoon and came across the PG rated version of this film that someone has uploaded. I didn't even *know* that a film version had been made. So out of curiosity I clicked on it ... and found myself laughing from the very first scene!<br /><br />I've read a lot of reviews and found some people that just don't get the product placement joke but I thought it was hilarious, especially considering that the producers got not one penny from these companies. From the moment I spotted Seth Green in the opening scene I thought "How bad can this be?" Then I saw Alan Cumming and I just had to keep watching.<br /><br />So I kept watching... and watching... and laughing. Then I spotted Parker Posey and thought "No way!"  The cast was perfect but I want to single out Tara Reid as Melody. Let me just say up front that I have never been a fan of Ms Reid but her take on Melody was nearly perfect. I say nearly because there is one aspect of Melody that I think a human actor just cannot carry off and can only be done in animation. The rest however she did to perfection. Melody is not just another dumb, wacky blond like so many people seem to believe. She is innocence encapsulated to the point where you just love to listen to her and watch her antics. Just like Josie says to her in the film "That's what I love about you!" Indeed the only part of the cartoon Melody that Ms Reid couldn't pull off, and didn't even try -credit to whoever's idea this was - was the blinking of the eyes as she tries to process in her head what it was she just saw or heard. Just a great piece by Ms Reid.<br /><br />I can't believe it took me nine years to realize this film even existed. I would recommend it to all and I will be buying a copy of it.
As a fan of the Archie comics, I had to see this movie when it came out. It's a great movie to watch with your girlfriends. The story is about three small-town girls from Riverdale USA who have their own band and a manager. One day they get "discovered" and sign a recording contract. Along the way to fame and fortune, they discover they are being used to sell products via subliminal messages in their music. The record exes are really out-there, as are some of the other minor characters, but Josie, Melody and Valerie remain true to the original Archie characters. Alan M and the Cabots are even featured.<br />I love the Josie and the Pussycats songs (though the DeJour songs could use some work). I even have the soundtrack.
4 of 5 stars for the comic turned movie Josie and the Pussycats. Yes, I admit it, I like this movie. Yes, I should seek professional help. This is a cute, dumb and funny movie. Take three girls (all pretty, 2/3s dumb) who form a rock band. Add a manager and record company out to control the minds of everyone in the world. Lots of great visuals, glitsy, flashy and just plain fun things (inside their plane is covered with sponsor ads). It is just plain fun. Shout-out to Tara Reid who takes the role of "dumb blonde" to new levels. Rosario Dawson plays the one pussycat with a brain. While Parker Posey plays Josie. I do recommend this movie; it is OK for the whole family. Its just fun and entertaining. Please pass the popcorn.
No, it's not, but that is a line in the movie and it is about subliminal messages, so I can't help but describe the movie that way.  :)  It's really quite funny and a lot of fun to watch.  The best scene is the ditsy Mel in the shower - you just gotta love her!  Worth your time, you'll get some good laughs out of this one.
Wen the adaptations of comics are well made, this is wath you got, the cartoon was funy, the comics were funy this movie is not lees, the movie have menssage and all, is fun in a lot of ways, i recomended... the favorite movie of Red Richards
I'm not sure whether this movie came out before or after Zoolander, but it certainly shares many things in common. You have your Derek Zoolander type character(s) embodied in Josie and the Pussycats themselves, who were discovered out of nowhere by a music agent who needed a new band to act as a front for the music industry and its use of subliminal messages to get young people to consume products and buy into every fad alive. It really is a good set-up and one that is a great modern reinterpretation of the original Archie Comic (I would have loved to have a cameo of Archie and his friends). The movie follows a one week or so change of fortunes for Josie and their friends as they go from playing at a bowling alley where they are each paid $5 to be ignored by old men bowling strikes to being number one on Billboard. All the while, they are being used to make money. Of course, we have the classic fight between band members and ultimate redemption followed by the chance to play for real, without the subliminal messaging in front of thousands of people. And of course, sprinkle in some love and a moral or two. It all adds up to a relatively entertaining movie from the decade that spawned the "teen movie." Unlike some of the others, this at least has some redeeming and touching moments and I think it will definitely appeal to a younger audience.
At first glance, "Josie and the Pussycats" looks like yet another brainless movie aimed at 12 year-old girls. In fact, it is a very clever satire of the whole teenage pop-music industry. The plot centres on an "evil" organization (led by Parker Posey and Alan Cumming) that is hiding subliminal messages in pop-music in order to get teenagers to buy things that they don't really want, with girl band, Josie and the Pussycats (Rachel Leigh Cook, Rosario Dawson and Tara Reid), becoming unsuspectingly involved in their scheme.<br /><br />In many ways this film reminded me a lot of "The Brady Bunch Movie" in that both of these films are films that don't take their subject matter too seriously and don't underestimate the intelligence of their audience (and are all the better for it). Both films are also filled with an ample supply of jokes (which are very funny) and "Josie and the Pussycats" has the added advantage that the songs that the Pussycats play are actually worth listening to (I also own the soundtrack and love it). The only drawback of this film is that there are too many musical montage sequences, particularly in the first half of the film, but that's just a minor matter and would not stop me from re-watching this film.
When this originally came out it rubbed alot of industry people the wrong way and did not get great reviews but watching it now -- it seems more applicable to the state of society.  It's campy and fun to watch.  The dialogue is not shakespear but it's not meant to be.  It's a great escape and really makes you think about what and why things influence us.
JOSIE and the PUSSYCATS(PG-13)...I wasn't at all sure what to think when purchasing this movie. I remember seeing the commercials and thinking it was going to be just another teenie-bopper movie. HOW WRONG I WAS! This movie is extremely funny and very well written. It's not the best movie in the world, but it's a great movie for the whole family to sit down and enjoy. I highly recommend it.
(For mine, anything with Rosario Dawson in it has gotta be okay). Rachael Leigh Cook--famously known as the new face of the &quot;this is your brain on drugs&quot; commercial--(Remember? She deeee-molishes that kitchen with a cast iron fry pan. To say nottin' of that egg.) plays a convincing Josie; cute, but edgy lead guitarist for a small town girl band itching to make it big. Papparazzi 'Party Girl' Poster Child Tara Reid plays the lovable drummer who's more concerned over who grabbed the last piece of candy from her stash than anything majorly important. Alan Cummings was made for those snarkily up- to-no-good prissy bad boy roles and he does the record executive who's bottom line is the bottom line quite well. One of the tricks of this movie is how they want to show how product endorsement and product placement work on the mind of the mass audience--and by showing these products the movie ends up doing what it satirizes. I guess you'd have to be there. You can tell what's gonna happen in the end way before it happens, but that *won't* stop you from having an enjoyable ride to that point...
This is an extremely underrated movie. Albeit I only watched it the first time around for Rachael Leigh Cook, but was surprised to find it to be en extremely funny, enjoyable movie. From the frighteningly good portrayal of a boy band in the opening sequence to the catchy Josie tunes, the music will keep you in tune and laughing uproariously. Unfortunately I think many people that watched the movie didn't get the jokes from the DuJour's Backdoor lover song and the advertising being literally everywhere (keep in mind they did not earn a single cent for any of the product placement). Highly recommended.
I love this movie and probably have watched it over 5 times! The story is about three girls from Riverdale who dream of becoming rock stars. And when they finally get their chance and make their way to success, they also accidentally discover some surprising facts behind it all. I think the main reason I enjoyed this movie was that it contains so many cool rock music and some great scenes, like in the film they reveal the secrets why so many rock stars die in plane accidents or end up breaking up etc, which is perfectly combined with the storyline and I think was really great! Also, they did a very good job on the songs too, all of them rock! So after the movie you might want to get yourself a soundtrack as soon as possible. Most importantly, if you like the movie, you definitely can't miss the DVD. Not only the movie itself, the DVD also includes great special features like 'Behind the Scenes', the commentary &amp; great music videos for 3 songs played in the movie. I highly recommend this one to anyone who fancy pop rock music and teen movies! You'll sure love it!
While in theatres "Josie and the Pussycats" - an adorably silly and sometimes-sentimental advertisement for everything from McDonalds to The Gap - did badly. Plain and simple, it just bombed. It barely lasted for a month, when three friends and me went to see it a week after it opened, there were two other people in the theatre. No exaggeration. Why? Well, I don't exactly know because contrary to popular belief, the movie is not that bad. It's juvenile and rarely funny, yes...but somehow the movie flows fairly well. Following a girl rock band from the bowling alley in their hometown to New York City. Where a desperate record executive, who is in dire need to find the next "big thing", before his boss fired him, discovers them.<br />Ultimately the whole ordeal turns out to be a test of their friendship and a hard lesson in life (at least for the three members of the band).<br />Rachel Leigh Cook and Rosario Dawson's characters, Josie and Val, are not exactly two dimensional, but they are boring. However, Tara Reid's character, Mel, is ditzy in an endearing way and the greedy record executive and Fiona, his boss, (played by Alan Cumming and Parker Posey) are fun, comical villains.<br />I'm not sure it's worth the money, but it is worth a try and if, like me, you decide you like it than by all means, buy it.
I love this movie. Racheal Leigh Cook was the perfect Josie. My favorite lines are. &quot;When life gives you lemons you make lemonade and when the goin' gets tough...&quot; &quot; The tough makes lemonade.&quot; I think Melody (Tara Reid) totally made the show. Although Josie was my favorite. Melody ran a close second.
I saw this movie 3 times in theater.  It's a wonderfully funny rip on boy bands and commercialism.  If you're into ridiculous movies with that 80's feel and girls that rock, then this is the perfect fit.
I love this movie! Look alot of peeps think it it is extemely corny and it is a little, but it still is a wicked movie! I love Mel! Once you see this movie you will never forget her.
Josie,Melodie,Val are 3 Sexy and cool musicians who are looking<br />for stardom. They get their wish, but with an evil twist.
When I first heard they were coming out with a live action version of "Josie and the Pussycats", my reaction was dread.  Recently, I had been disillusioned by other new projects featuring old favorites, such as Scooby-Doo and Pocahontas II.  I'm not a fan of the original Archie label Josie comics, but I do love the Hanna-Barbera cartoon, and was worried how they might treat the characters.<br /> Imagine my relief when the live action film didn't disillusion me!  I didn't think it was a classic movie, but I came out of the theater happy.  Melody acts like Melody-flighty and innocent.  Josie and Valerie have more depth, but don't seem alien to the cartoon characters.  Valerie now plays bass instead of tambourine; however, and no mention is made of her genius with electronic gadgets.  Alexandra translates very well.  Alan looks like Hanna-Barbera's Alan in the face, but his body is skinnier.  A take charge leader in the cartoon series, the new live action Alan seems spaced out, like a stereotype surfer dude.<br /> I was most concerned about Alexander, my favorite character.  Hanna-Barbera's Alex is cowardly but friendly, whereas Archie's Alex is snobbish-the main reason I can't get fanatically into the Archie version of "Josie and the Pussycats", even though the Archie version came first.  Which way would Alex act in the live action film, I wondered.  He doesn't really act either way, although missing one of the band's gigs made him seem just a little preoccupied with himself.  Then there's one odd incident-I won't give you the context, but it's not sexual-in which he strips himself bare.  Not feeling either snobby or cowardly today, I see!<br /> Comparisons with the Hanna-Barbera cartoon aside, something others have remarked upon is how the film seems to promote anti-commercialism and not listening to hype, yet it has product placement to the extreme.  It's like the film is saying, "Buy this!  Or...maybe don't buy it!  We don't know!"<br /> Another complaint I have with the film is that it had enough profanity in to make it a PG-13.  It's inspired by a G-rated, kid-friendly comic book and TV show!  Why does it have to be PG-13?  Having just a little sensuality to make it a PG would have been better.  Still, it was mostly the bad guys who swore.<br /> All in all, it's a fun film.  And it didn't spoil my memories of Josie and friends that I had from the Hanna-Barbera cartoon, so that to me made the film good enough.
This is a GREAT movie. Melody is one of the best characters, she is funny and cheerful. Perfect for a herd of 10-11 year old girl slumber party movie-goers!
A great satire about commercialism, marketing, trends, and manufactured pop music. It's a smart, cute, and funny movie. I'd recommend it! Rachael Leigh Cook is awesome!
Okay, I am a boy. Why did I tell you that? Because this may seem like a girl movie but I loved it! Tara Reid, Rosario Dawson and especially Rachel Leight Cook make this movie awesome and hirlarious! You have to see it. A little bit of swearing, but other than that it's great!
well, what can I say, although the movie is rated PG-13+ anyone can enjoy it from different angles.  <p>  The movie kicks off with a boyband named 'Du-jour' which happens to be taking piss out of massed produced music industry.  A garage band 'The Pussycats' is formed by three girls with very contrasting personalities was given an opportunity to become a rockstar and their debut single climbs up to the top of the chart in a matter of week.  But there is something fishy happening behind the hidden curtain.<p>  The soundtrack for this movie contains indie pop almost like female version of Blink182, the main vocal is sung by Kay Hanley from Letters to Cleo.  Each song is very catchy and provides energetic atmosphere.<p>  Extra features include behind the scene, deleted scenes and movie clips which I am sure will make you laugh.  Directors' commentary explains the footage of the movie in detail and also fun to listen to.<br /><br />Overall it is very fun movie to watch at any occasions.  If you think it is just stupid, that's ok because it is a movie for people with GSOH.
Josie and the Pussycats is a very fun, very sweet film, with nice performances by all the leads. Parker Posey and Alan Cumming are laugh-out-loud hilarious as modern day "Doctor Evils" to the Pussycats.<p>Cook, Dawson and Reid are equally engaging as the three members of the little band that could, and could in the best way - the music from this film is actually really catchy and it stays in your head long after the film ends. There must have been subliminal messages in there or something, because I really do want the soundtrack! Kudos to Babyface Edmonds for making some fabulous music!<p>Watch this movie on a day when you want a nice, solid pick-me-up. It's a lot of good-hearted, harmless fun, and it will leave you with a smile on your face and a spring in your step. Very cute!!
The reason I love this movie soooo much is because it's simply and funny. It's impossible not to laugh at the sweet dumb-blonde Melody (Tara Reid). I know that alot of people turn this movie down because they think it's stupid, but behind all the humor you actually learn something. Alexander Cabot said it best: &quot;I'm not what I wear&quot;! I highly recommend Josie and the Pussycats. Definitely two thumbs way up.
Well I must say I was a little judgemental about seeing a movie based on a cartoon of the past.  But my judgemnet was quickly changed when watching the first 5 minutes of this flick. Mocking Pop bands of today and good music sound track to back it up, this movie is defiently worth a the buy... its fun and entertainment for the everybody...  :)
I was so happy when I heard about this movie. I bought the soundtrack right away b/c Kay Hanley Of Letters To Cleo did the singing and I am a big fan of hers, but the movie in general could have been better. I thought it was a very fun movie to rent and I enjoyed it. I thought the movie was going to be mainly about the band, but it turned mostly to be about the record company and that disappointed me. I also think they could have given more credit to Kay Hanley for her amazing vocals!
