While on a routine mission to resupply the Tantalus V rehabilitation colony, Kirk and company are shocked to discover that the facility's director is using a mind-control device to control the inmates.<p>''Dagger of the Mind'' is one of the better episodes from Star Trek's first season.  While there are some plot inconsistencies and gaps in the story-line, the episode is quite enjoyable.  This episode contains moments of high drama and suspense, as well some action.  Here are a few of my observations:<p>''Dagger of the Mind'' introduces us to the Vulcan Mind Meld for the first time.  Spock uses it to probe the mind of Dr. Van Gelder in search of the truth about the Tantalus colony.<p>The acting is superb--particulary Leonard Nimoy (Mr. Spock) and the guest actors.  Morgan Woodward steals the show with his dramatic portrayal of Dr. Simon Van Gelder.  His emotional expressions are enough to convince anyone that his mind has been ravaged by a mind-control device.  The interactions between Spock and Van Gelder in sickbay are particularly intense.  James Gregory plays the charming yet sinister Dr. Tristan Adams, the director of the Tantalus colony.  The beautiful Marianna Hill plays Enterprise psychologist Dr. Helen Noel.  While Helen is not the greatest psychologist in the world, she proves her courage by risking her life to save Captain Kirk.  She playfully flirts with Kirk during their first few scenes together, and this visibly upsets Kirk (I love it when a woman actually gets the better of Kirk).<p>A couple of wardrobe items:  (1) Dr. Adams and the rest of the Tantalus staff wear the traditional jumpsuits that are common throughout Star Trek.  However, they feature a neat patch on the front--a gloved hand holding a dove reaching up to the sun.  There is a lot of irony in this symbol, given the sinsiter motives of Dr. Adams.  (2) It looks like the wardrobe department gave Marianna Hill (Helen Noel) a Starfleet uniform that is about a size too small for her.  The top portion of the uniform seems to fit a bit too tight, and the skirt is a couple of inches too short in the back.  I realize that these Starfleet skirts are supposed to be short, but Helen's doesn't quite cover what is supposed to be covered.  Whenever the camera films Helen from behind, you can plainly see her ... ummmm ... undies.<p>The Neural Neutralizer is a powerful device, with the ability to reshape memories and control minds.  However, the chair looks like a 23rd century dentist's chair.<p>Great acting and an interesting story make ''Dagger of the Mind'' an episode that any Star Trek fan will want to own.
This is one of the better episodes from the first season.  There are several things to like about this episode:  First, this episode introduces us to the Vulcan mind meld.  Second, Morgan Woodward gives a great performance as Dr. Simon Van Gelder, a psychiatrist whose mind has been dominated by the neural neutralizer.  Also, Marianna Hill, who plays Enterprise psychiatrist Dr. Helen Noel, looks absolutely teriffic in her blue mini-skirted Starfleet uniform (which just happens to be a bit too short in the back).  Helen playfully flirts with Captain Kirk during their initial encounter in the transporter room and on the surface of the planet, making Kirk visibly uncomfortable (one of the few times that a female actually gets the better of Kirk).
Over the years, my sister Cathy and I have used Dr. Simon Van Gelder's description of the Neural Neutralizer as a catch-all description of things unpleasant:<p>Kirk:  &quot;What was it like?&quot;<br />Van Gelder:  &quot;Like DEATH!&quot;<p>Morgan Woodward did an all-too-convincing job as a man nearly driven out of his mind.  It was also refreshing to finally have a woman on the set (Dr. Helen Noel) who did not swoon at the very sight of Kirk for a change.  I wish they could have brought her back to trade sarcastic barbs with Kirk on occasion.<p>Highly recommended for any devout &quot;Classic Trek&quot; fan.
