This video was disappointing.  The 52-53 minute duration is an exercise in agony.  The video itself is difficult to watch due to the excessive glare and shadow.  With the exception of the charter guide's opening  demonstration of trolling to net bait and his explanation of fishing on a  changing tide there is little else to learn.  The two fishermen in the  video are poor informers, demonstrators and are just unpleasant company on  this trip. Should you ever find yourself in a boat with them, check your  GPS and you'll find you are in the 4th level of hell.  The second part of  the video features a &quot;lady angler.&quot;  Seasoned female fishermen  will find her stereotypical if not insulting.  This video is a wash.  I own  many fishing videos from Amazon.com.  I have never received one that I  wanted my money back.  This one I would like a refund and an apology. This  is my second attempt to warn customers of this video.  Amazon must have  found my first review too scathing.
This video is so bad it is painful to even remember it for your review.  I provide this review as a duty to fellow fishermen and for you to save the cost of this title.  <p>The quality of the video is poor.  The glare and  shadow prevent you from identifying the fish, the type bait, the tackle,  the fishing conditions, etc.  Forget any hope of a demonstration of rigs,  techniques, etc.  In fact, it is my opinion that this video is almost  completely devoid of any useful information or entertainment value.  The  52-53 minute video is divided into two parts.<p>Part One finds the charter  captain and two customers, Jim and Howard, on the waters of the Gulf.  The  charter captain seems competent enough and his very brief demonstration of  bait fish collection with a trolled net and his brief discussion of tide  changes when fishing a pass are, perhaps, the only useful tips.  Sadly, you  will rarely hear from him.  Instead you are inundated with Jim's (Jed  Clampett with Stooge's Larry haircut) constant drivel.  Jim presents as  a  selfish, irritating man who treats grinnin' Howard like an unemployed,  idiot son-in-law. Jim imparts no fishing knowledge that I could discern and  will not shut up.  I could not fish with such a man and would seriously  entertain thoughts of pushing him from the boat.  You cannot even enjoy  this video on mute.  <p>Part Two introduces you to &quot;Lady Angler - Kate  Jackson.&quot;  Deceptively not the &quot;Angel&quot; and  &quot;Angler&quot; is a real stretch.  She does not make any meaningful  contribution to this video.  I believe women anglers will find her  insulting and sterotypical.  She squeals when the fish pull, has no fishing  rod technique, complains of how hard it is to reel in her fish, and has on  far too many clothes to even be a pleasant diversion.  I know  people who  fish to avoid such irritating companionship.<p>I would prefer to have the  dentist perform a root canal without an anesthetic than to see the cover of  this video, much less watch it.  Do Not waste your money.
I dont mean to be so negative but I'm a business person and I dont have the time or energy to send this back and im annoyed. I was looking for  some good educational  information and this was a joke.  This is an outdated  video of three guys catching fish and complementing each other.  No tackle discussions, no  bait discussion.  I am frankly floored this is even being sold.  A guide to  saltwater fishing should take you through tackle, bait, techiniques, locations, tips.  I have 5 other videos of the series and I hope they are produced with education in mind.
I always try to get reviews from amazon first before I buy anything on the internet,but last week I was surfing around and found a site that offered this video and bought it becuse I had heard of bennett marine videos in the past.<br />what have I done was my first thought as I squinted into the tv screen trying to make out what was happening in the very poorly focused scenes.<br />I still dont know what they were using for bait or any other relavent information you would expect from a guide on saltwater  fishing video.<br />This video was absolutely the sorriest excuse for an informative video I could have ever imagined!!HOW DARE ANYONE CALL IT A GUIDE<br />Its just an old home video of a weak fishing trip with three guys and a whining woman in the late seventies or early eighties at best.<br />unfortunatly I found its reviews here after the fact.<br />Stick to the saturday morning fishing shows and you will be 1000 times more informed.<br />I would recomend high-hook videos for anyone looking to learn the proper way to fish or rig they are worth every penny.<br />once again I learn the hard way.......
