I have been waiting literally half my life for this movie. I first saw Klaus Nomi performing in Urgh! A Music War when I was 14 years old( like most other teens in small towns across America , Nomi wasn't exactly playing for them in  the club down the street ) and have been fascinated ever since. By the time I had gotten my hands on his two albums, he was dead and  gone and largely forgotten, one of the first victims of AIDS in the world of the arts. His music literally defies desciption. It is all over the place and very difficult to put into a category ( this is discussed at length in this movie .) If you have only a passing knowledge or curiousity of this extraordinary entertainer, you must see this film. If you are a fan, it will be a dream come true, like it was for me, and will fill in all the holes in the Nomi story. It is his life, told with pictures, anecdotes, lots of concert footage, old interviews with Klaus himself and new interviews with those who knew him before he became famous. A MUST SEE.
Caught this film a couple of months ago at an independent film workshop and could hardly hold back the tears. I saw Klaus Nomi in Columbus, Ohio during his whirlwind tour of the Midwest and still have my red and black button with the Nomi profile. It sure was different back then-the folks in Akron were so enchanted by this strange little man that he ended up on the cover of the Akron Beacon-Journal Sunday magazine-holding a huge oversized old boot from a flea market and smiling the most bemused little grin of astonishment. Through the interviews and private film footage on this DVD we get to see a little bit of the man beneath the make-up. The segments in Aunt Trudi's dollhouse almost broke my heart as she talked about what a happy little boy he had been and how all the children would come running when he came for a visit-contrasted with the way he died-alone and friendless as did so many others in the early 80's.<br /><br />Buy this as a souvenir of a time that was filled with so many possibilities and so much tragedy. Klaus's life was certainly filled to the brim with both.
My husband and I were eagerly anticipating THE NOMI SONG, Andrew Horn's by-turns witty and poignant documentary about Klaus Nomi, the German singer/performance artist with the multi-octave range who took New York and then the world by storm for a brief, exciting period in the late 1970s and '80s.  Nomi, with his outer space alien persona, was so avant-garde that even the avant-garde set wasn't quite sure what to make of him, but loved him all the same before his tragic death from AIDS (this was back when AIDS was still new and scary and known as "gay cancer").  Our 8-year-old daughter liked Nomi's "high, high voice" and kooky costumes.  We adults liked the interviews with Ann Magnuson and other scene-makers from the era, as well as the chance to see such rarities as Nomi's 1979 performance with David Bowie on SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE (which I remember seeing during its live broadcast back in the day).  THE NOMI SONG also sports a treasure trove of DVD extras, including full-length musical performances, an Easter Egg feature for part-time pastry chef Nomi's lime tart recipe, and Lou Christie talking enthusiastically about Nomi's cover of his classic "Lightning Strikes Again" (Christie kinda starts talking about himself, too, but it's interesting and endearing).  If you like 1980s New Wave music and all things offbeat, THE NOMI SONG is well worth seeking out.
I knew Klaus in 70's New York, and am delighted to see him preserved for other generations in this wonderful documentary.  Particularly pleased by two things:  there's lots of wonderful performance footage of him, so you can get a clear idea of what his stage persona was all about.  And the film also shows his sweet side, literally and figuratively.  Klaus, underneath the persona he so brilliant constructed, was actually rather shy, very dear, and was a TERRIFIC pastry chef -- how wonderful that talent's documented here, too!  Highly recommended to anyone with even a casual interest in the downtown art scene of thirty years ago.
Don't say you're not interested in Klaus Nomi.  If you never heard of him, it doesn't matter.  If you want to hear something unique and extraordinary, here's Nomi, whose genre-defying, mind-bending mixture of styles is simply captivating.  And here's a documentary about his tragic short life, which itself is as captivating as his songs.<br /><br />Born Klaus Sperber in Germany, Nomi became part of New Wave movement in New York in the late 70s.  And his eccentric style is still amazing to see.  Tightly clad in the bizarre costumes coming directly from grade-B sci-fi films with completely white-wasked face, Nomi appears as if giving an oracle, and when he starts to sing, what a song!  His is curious blend of pop and opera with beautiful falsetto.  He is literally a singing alien.<br /><br />This documentary consists of the interviews with those how knew Nomi. What is revealed here may not be surprising to the viewers who have some knowledge about Nomi, but to the people like me, who are interested in the 70-80s, the comments and footages about him and the surrounding NY club scenes are still precious.  Sure, most of the footages are private films with bad image and sound quality, but they still vividly bring the feeling of the times to life.<br /><br />Probably the most interesting moment in the film would be the song of David Bowie on Saturaday Night Live in 1979, in which Klaus Nomi appears one of the backsingers.  Clearly this is, or should be, the turning of Nomi's career, and after this point, many interviewees, quite honest about Nomi's complex personality, are not always kind to his behaviors.<br /><br />Though Nomi is gone forever, his originality can be still felt if you watch the film.  With the lack of some materials (for instance, Bowie or the artists in Japan who briefly worked with him), and with less than satisfactory comments from Nomi himself, 'The Nomi Song' may not be as incisive as it should be, but still intriguing even for non-fans of Nomi.  Watch this, and buy his CDs if you want something very different.
I first came across Klaus Nomi while watching <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001W0X2W">Urgh, A Music War</a>--though tough to find now, this movie was seminal in my days of high school freakism, in that I got to see others who were probably even weirder than I was, for they were willing to get up on a stage in front of others and be as weird as they wanted to be.<br /><br />And who was much weirder than Klaus?  A German cabaret performer from the dark side of Mars, Klaus started the Nomi movement--new wave freaks who invited alien invasion and world annihilation as long as they got into space.  Whether this was simply a metaphoric, artistic philosophy or actual belief is up for debate.  As wild as Klaus looked, this man had a falsetto that was absolutely MESMERIZING.  Whether imitating Maria Callas, or strutting about like a New Wave icon to the Nth degree, Klaus was without doubt a stand-out, and Andrew Horn tries to take on identifying the life and art of the German immigrant, right through his brief stardom that started with backing David Bowie on Saturday Night Live to his brief recording career in France and eventual death.  Horn brings together many who were close to Klaus (well, as close as anyone could get) to reminisce about the man.<br /><br />But this documentary feels somewhat superficial and stylized to the point of falling short of substance by the end.  Perhaps this was the deepest one could get when it came to Klaus Nomi, who seemed to be part militant exhibitionist who preferred an ego on the outside and part lonely outcast, even in a New York City culture full of outcasts.  It was gratifying to see, outside of my brief glimpse in Urgh!, that Nomi had scored success in the City scene, and there is fortunately some good pieces of video in pure performance mode, but the investigation into the identity and art of Nomi seems somewhat thin in this film.  A few interviews with friends and bandmates and an aunt who never appears on camera seem to make this more of a friendly reminisence or thin introduction rather than a true documentary, a delving into the essence of this man.  Perhaps one of the most intriguing anecdotes comes towards the end from Alan Platt.  I won't give it away here, but the dichotomy of Klaus that he presents in his story shortly before the end credits seemed to me more of a launching point than a final summation, a point to start diving into the depths of this man who may have wanted no one to see that he had any depth, but instead this film resides more on superficial overview of Nomi's work, a disappointment for someone like me who already knew a thing or two about him, but I would think disappointing for someone who may not have known anything coming into this--a good enough study to peak some curiosity, but not brave enough to make me toss about the bigger questions.
This film is more than a portrait of the legendary and unforgettable Klaus Nomi; it brings together all the disparate fragments of his elusive legend into a remarkable whole. In doing so, director Andrew Horn tells not only Nomi's story, but the story of a New York that's gone, but hardly forgotten. It's the New York of dreams and hope, of community, artistic aspirations, and low rents. It was a time when half your friends got famous, died, or both. In The Nomi Song, Horn tells this East Side Story twice: in microcosm (Nomi), and in macrocosm, by bringing back so many of the key people and places of a past that those of us who were there still can't believe is over.
Klaus Nomi, what a STAR. He was clever, articulate and above all an original talent. Unfortunately his short, but outrageous life was cut short. I first saw Klaus on a British "Pop" programme back in the 80's and was dumb founded by his amazing vocal and visual talents. This DVD does him justice and tells the story of his brief life with tributes from the people who knew him. One criticisum though..........more footage of Klaus on stage and his videos would have made this perfect.
I first saw "The Nomi Song" the same weekend I saw another music docu-bio, "No Direction Home," and frankly I thought "Nomi" was by far the better film. Now, I'm not saying Andy Horn is as accomplished a director as Martin Scorcese (for one thing, there is a lot less cussing in Horn's films, which is the only reason I can think of for why Horn wasn't nominated for an Oscar for "Nomi"), but I learned a lot more about the New Wave movement in the 1970s and 80s in Horn's film than I did about the folk movement in the 1960s in Scorcese's film. While Scorcese's goal apparently was to lionize Dylan, Horn's goal was at once more modest and more satisfying - to make a compelling film that gave you the sense of what it must have been like to be a musician/singer or even just a follower of New Wave music back in the day. Even if you don't have the slightest interest in Klaus Nomi (and I confess, I didn't), you'll come away from this movie impressed by Horn's exemplary movie-making skills, as well as his ability to find the essential humanness buried in Nomi's "man from outer space" persona.
A movie about Nomi seemed like an impossible idea that only occurred during one of my daydreaming sessions. But yeah, here it is, called The Nomi Song, and neatly packed with an incredible amount of footage and home videos of Nomi which certainly satisfy my increasing frustration of the lack of video materials of Nomi available to the public. The story of Nomi is about extremity - a man who tries too hard to make his ideas come true, that he burns out so bright and fast before we are able to perceive what just happens. His life and music serve a strong influence to who I am today, and Nomi's firm desire and determination to exploit his creativity and become famous, that eventually led him to a situation where few people are willing to be in, always fascinates me that I ponder if I should burn my creativity like he did and if I have the gut to go to where he once had been.
a wonderful souvenir for those who actually danced to the music of Klaus Nomi , like I did at the time .<br /><br />Always liked the original and extra-ordinary and at the start of Nomi's career I've bought all of his records, fascinated by how different, but also how differred his music was.<br /><br />Maybe because of his early death people never really got to know who or what this person would be in real life....<br /><br />Apart from what little one could read in specialized music magazines about him nothing much was known about him ...<br /><br />And I always wanted to know MORE about this strrrrange man .<br /><br />This documentary gives us a glimpse in the life of this man, his art, his friends and what thrived him to be what he was.<br /><br />A strange bird in music world ,which he is , still to this day!<br /><br />This DVD-release is what lots of people waited for ,even if you're not accainted with Klaus Nomi or his music, this DVD will captivate you .If you like music, if you like original artists, watch this, you won't regret it !
A wonderful documetary on the life and music of Klaus Nomi. A blend of interviews, rare footage and photographs brings this unusual singer back into the limelight for one more song. I brought my teenage daughters to see this film and they were enthralled by this non-conventional artist. Sadly, his life and so many others were cut short by the AIDS epidemic of the 1980s.
I watched this movie last night after hearing Nomi for the first time a month ago.<br /><br />The first time I became familiar with Nomi was back in the early 1980s in high school. A friend of mine and I saw Nomi's picture in a music magazine. We both laughed at "that weirdo".<br /><br />Fast forward to June 2011. I saw the same picture online and looked him up on Youtube. He was an amazing talent, truly world class. I feel bad about casting such homophobic judgment on him. He died of AIDS complications before anyone knew what it was. Back then people thought AIDS could be spread via casual contact, so no one visited him in the hospital while he was dying.<br /><br />Klaus, RIP. You were the best.
Up until now, I'd heard maybe two songs by Klaus Nomi. Then I found this DVD in my local public library, of all places. Here's my chance to get up to speed on him, I thought.<br /><br />Needless to say, this was more than I bargained for, and quite a revelation. Now I have an idea of how much I've missed through the years. Now I feel great sadness at never having seen him live. But at least I have this definitive biography and tribute to him.<br /><br />Sure it's a biography, but also so much more. It's also a chronicle of late '70 and early '80s NYC. Heady, creative times. Maybe the only time and place where Nomi could have successfully been what he was. Chronicled lovingly and faithfully by Horn. We get the biographical facts and all the expected interviews with the people who knew him well and worked with him. They all added much insight.<br /><br />Despite Nomi's non-mainstream, otherworldy persona, the overall narrative still takes the form of a standard rock star biography. A long, slow rise up from obscurity. A brief time at the top. A quick fall. And yet, Horn puts it all together so expertly that it rises above that genre. Nomi is best put in perspective by Horn's use of footage from the sci-fi classic "It Came From Outer Space." Nomi was a special man indeed. Alien, yet impacting many people's lives.<br /><br />This DVD version comes with many added extras to give us even more insight. I highly recommend you partake of this to experience Klaus Nomi in the best possible way left to us.
This is a loveling crafted portrait of Klaus Nomi and the New york art scene in the 80's.<br />I absolutly recomend it for both those who want to discover or remember.<br />My only objection is not enough K. N. full performances or videos clips in the extras (only 3), otherwise them that buy it!
Just had to say that this is one great documentary & a great subject. I knew Andy Horn , the director, from my NYU film days in the '70's & I am so proud of his work. I never heard of Klaus till this documentary & I'm hooked! Started to order his CD's thru Amazon right away. Yes, it is a predicatable story yet done very well. The songs do not do justice unless seen with Klaus performing. I asked Andy to do a video of all his songs & says there are so few that were taped that it's not worth it. Maybe if anyone reads this can write how they would invest in buying his musical video!!
While I've always thought the actual music of Klaus Nomi is an acquired taste, there's no denying the influencial impact of his image/persona - and THE NOMI SONG captures this very well indeed, along with a poignant snapshot of a New York art/music scene that is, alas, no more - has it really been over two decades?  I was a kid when I was Klaus perform with Bowie on SNL, and it's really one of the most memorable performances on TV ever - but while the wealth of archive footage is amazing and absorbing, I really think the film suffers from a lack of key interviews, i.e. WHERE is back-up singer/dancer/collaborator JOEY ARIAS?  Certainly Arias is still workin' it in NYC with WIGSTOCK, etc and couldn't he have been approached to lend his insight into working so closely with Nomi on his stage show? Also, I really missed having even a brief interview with BOWIE - what did he see in Nomi to give him his big break that transformed his entire career? Aside from this, it's nice seeing all the "old" faces again - and I hope this film at least re-energizes interest in Nomi.  However, I do pity the guy who got ripped off by RCA for stealing his songs on Nomi's LPs and never giving him royalties and/or credit?  That's just RAW.
This is a wonderful disc that looks at Klaus Nomi from all angles.  His vocal and visual style both were unparalleled, and the footage of his first performance is nothing short of astonishing.  It's no wonder that an announcer frequently had to remind the audience that what they were hearing was not a recording - Klaus Nomi was the real thing.  Highly recommended for devotees of the avant garde.
If you like Klaus Nomi even a little bit you will love this documentary. Klaus lead a short but a very interesting life. The end was tragic for Klaus.
I had the opportunity to catch clips of Klaus Nomi (or "Nomi") in online video footage, and was immediately mesmerized. This man had the voice of an extraterrestrial angel, the swagger of a B-Movie space alien and costuming by way of a Fred Astaire film (black jacket, pants, vest), infused with plenty of helium. How can one really describe this truly one-of-a-kind artist who died, when he was on the brink of stardom, as an early fatality of AIDS, in 1983?<br /><br />This documentary takes an in depth look at the man behind the music, fancy costuming and elaborate scenery. A German pastry chef, Klaus Nomi arrived in New York, in the 1970s, as one of a trail of artistic misfits searching for his niche. He had enjoyed singing since he was a small boy in Germany, as his auntie recalls (her likeness depicted in a dollhouse, with cut out head, pasted on to dress with generous hoop skirt, her sweet voice recalling Nomi's early childhood passages. We see early film clips, interviews and performances).<br /><br />This film is engaging, eye-opening and completely one-of-a-kind.<br /><br />Don't miss out!
The Nomi Song is a wonderful documentary of a bizarre New Wave performer who may be more known for how he died than his musical innovations.  Klaus Nomi (Klaus Sperber) was a German-born countertenor who, after working as an usher for the Berlin opera house, came to New York City in 1974 in the hopes of finding fame.  He stunned the audience of the 1978 New Wave Vaudeville Show with his beautiful rendition of the aria "Mon caeur s'ouvre &agrave; ta voix" ("My heart opens to your voice").  In the next few years he developed an act combining opera with electronic pop while presenting a mysterious, otherworldly persona.  Fans called his music "future wave" though he preferred the term "now wave".  He was quite the phenomenon in New York and Europe but died before his career could really take off.  This DVD includes footage from his New Wave Vaudeville performance as well as many other vintage clips.  Those interviewed include songwriter Kristian Hoffman, manager/producer Ron Johnsen, art director Page Wood, photographers Anthony Scibelli and Michael Halsband, Ann Magnuson (who got him the New Wave Vaudeville gig), writer and original performer of "Lightning Strikes" Lou Christie (in the Extras), painter Kenny Scharf, friend Gabriele La Fari among others.<br /><br />The documentary follows Nomi's brief career and also the New Wave scene in New York, particularly East Village.  Clips of some of his performances include the "Fiorucci Celebrates the New Wave" show and he and Joey Arias's appearance with David Bowie on Saturday Night Live.  The props used in his shows are described and Page Wood even has miniature cardboard cut-outs.  Many people were involved in helping Klaus Nomi develop his image although, in interviews found elsewhere, he liked to take sole credit.  In a French television interview, he claimed to be the designer of the Nomi badge and tuxedo outfit.  This documentary credits others with helping to create those visuals.  One contributor admitted Nomi had a powerful ego.  Unfortunately, impatient for fame, Nomi would abandon some of those who helped him from the beginning, although their touching work in creating this film demonstrates they never lost their admiration for him.  There is a brief discussion of Nomi's promiscuous lifestyle which lead to him contracting AIDS.  His aunt shares a story of a rather, in retrospect, sad reunion with her nephew before he returned to New York for the last time.<br /><br />Among the extras, it is learned that photos were taken of him in the hospital during the advanced stage of his illness (though they are not shown in this film).  Also in the extras are full length performances, audio remixes, a slide show of childhood photos of Klaus, commentary by director Andrew Horn, trailers, etc.  This reviewer would have liked an image gallery of Nomi as the case lists one among the special features but was not able to locate it (there is a brief film and slide show of East Village), the complete 10 O'clock News segment, and perhaps the TV Party appearance (the latter two are available elsewhere, though).  If the viewer clicks on the pie icon on the Extras "Additional Footage" page, it opens up Klaus's lime tart recipe.  Information on The Long Island Four would have been a welcomed addition to the extras as clips from that film were used in the documentary with no mention of the source save for the credits.<br /><br />It is obvious that much effort, creativity and care went into this documentary.  It begins and ends with scenes from the 1953 science fiction film It Came From Outer Space with Nomi superimposed in the footage.  There is a shirtless man holding a white ball in the background of the Ira Siff's interview clips lending them some strange, artistic effect.  The TV Party segment where Klaus gives his lime tarts lesson was damaged so, during the missing footage, it switches to two people adjusting the antenna of an old television set.  Klaus's aunt was too shy to be shown in the film, so the creators went to great lengths creating a miniature dollhouse of her living room including the pictures she had on her walls with her as a cardboard doll that they also placed in a makeshift miniature garden which represented a favorite childhood spot for Klaus.  One of the extras shows an amazing mechanical doll of Nomi built by a fan.  He was and is definitely admired by his loyal friends and followers.  Hopefully, he realized their devotion during his lifetime.
"The Nomi Song" is a fascinating documentary about Teutonic countertenor Klaus Nomi, whose music blended disco, camp, classical music, and science fiction. He was a performance artist before Lady GaGa took the title, was more "out there" than Ziggy Stardust (<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00001OH7P">The Rise And Fall Of Ziggy Stardust</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BRD6T4">The Life Aquatic Studio Sessions</a>) In a sense, he was ahead of his time. His otherworldly performances left hair band audiences transfixed. Klaus Nomi was a deeply tragic figure. While adults were put off by his strangeness, children could relate to him. He managed to combine his talent for art with... pastry. He was surrounded by people, yet died alone from AIDS.<br /><br />One of the most tragic ironies is that Nomi, one of the first high-profile AIDS deaths (he passed away in 1983),has his music used on Rush Limbaugh's show. When Rush mocks AIDS victims, he plays Nomi's "You don't own me" or "Ding dong the witch is dead." Rush gleefully dances on the graves with the music of one of its sufferers. Nomi was a troubling, troubled person. He was alienated from others, seeing himself as an alien. He could look butch, or feminine, or plain androgynous. His private persona contrasted with his enigmatic public one. He suffered constant heartbreak, and endangered himself with promiscuity. His life was an operatic tragedy.<br /><br />"Nomi Song" is a powerful, haunting documentary.
4.5 stars<br /><br />I had the good fortune to grow up with a completely New Wave/Brit/new music radio station that first broadcast in 1977. We were thus treated to almost everything new in music coming out from then until about '85, when the station was sold. Hindsight shows what an amazingly fertile time for new musical styles that was, and of the thousands of new groups and artists we heard, none were quite as unique as Klaus Nomi.<br /><br />This guy really did seem to descend from outer space, in both looks and sound. His operatic voice and alien visage set him so far apart that he was never more than a curiosity to some, but to a few folks I knew he was a real hero, proof that one could be as weird as desired and still make a mark.<br /><br />The Nomi Song does a good job of showing how that all came to be, and as an old fan it told me many things I didn't know and introduced me to members of his crew, with many insights. My one main issue with this doc is that those issues aren't explored in any real depth. Perhaps no one was ever close enough to him to find out, but I would have liked more effort to look deeper into the mind of this very unique artist.<br /><br />Herr Sperber was indeed one of a kind, and having spent many years in Berlin I now see how much that town and its ethos transformed him. Their any-style-goes and love of blackness combined with a deep classical music heritage set his mood, and his move to Manhattan in 1974 put him in the midst of a bankrupt town ready for anything new and exciting. Nomi grew out of the ashes of the Warhol era, when the New York Dolls were happening (they are oddly not mentioned here) and glam makeup on a guy started to become hip in some avant garde circles. Sperber took all this, added his newfound operatic skills and voila, Klaus Nomi.<br /><br />The Nomi Song does a nice job of setting the scene for what follows, and we get a good look at how it evolved into the Nomi style (which is not far from Ace Frehley's look in the Destroyer era, actually, another fact never touched on here; the costumes were very similar for a while). Lots of good interviews are provided, the funniest of which are those with his German roommate, who is so unremittingly negative and snarky that it becomes hilarious. Now that's one jealous woman!<br /><br />Interviews with certain key players are missing, such as David Bowie, whose support jump-started Nomi's career, and Joey Arias, one of Klaus' closest collaborators. But what's here is very good, and we get a pretty full shot of the rise and fall of Nomi. AIDS is gone into in some detail, but Nomi's gay lifestyle is mentioned cursorily, which keeps the art in full view, and it's hard to complain about that.<br /><br />The extras are excellent, with some full performances of tunes and longer interviews, and all in all this is the dream dvd that Nomi fans long dreamed of. If you like unique personalities, unique music, and just uniqueness in general, you can't go wrong checking this out. And make sure to listen to Nomi's eponymous album as well.<br /><br />A lot of styles and trends have come and gone since the late 70s, and almost every one has been copied by the next generation. But Klaus Nomi remains completely one of a kind, with a marvelous falsetto soprano voice and absolutely detached persona that was unique unto himself. And that's a feat few artists have ever achieved.
I recently became aware of Klaus Nomi and decided to order this DVD. I enjoyed it very much, and found it sad that his talent was overshadowed by his quirky look. He really was amazing and creative. I love that he was also a fabulous pastry chef!  Video shows many live performances and interviews with friends.  Good stuff.
The Nomi Song is a fantastic documentary full of great footage and anecdotes.  Anyone interested in Klaus Nomi must check it out!
He truly was ahead of his time and gone too soon.  A mix of pop,new wave, opera and classical stylings that we have not seen since.  He needs to be seen as well as heard and I recommend this DVD if you already love him or want to know more about him.
Incredible rare footage of talented cult classic. There was never anyone like him. We miss you, Klaus!
This is such a great film.  I am now addicted to Klaus.  THANKS ALOT!  I love the way they interview his Aunt and have a little cut out for her. The extra features are great too, especially the "Lime Tart" recipe.  You must own this now!
Only in New York could a cross-dressing, female opera impersonator rise to the top of the club scene in the late '70s, riding on a wave of the era's fascination with everything twisted and fetish.  Nomi's sad, short life and the despicable way he treated his band are profiled, and seeing the live footage of him after all this time one is left to wonder: what were we thinking???  As one of the earliest casualties of AIDS he became emblematic, in a way that, perhaps, was not entirely to his disliking.
