This film is a standout example of the way they made action films back in the 70's: hard, grim, and without an ounce of mercy. To exemplify the difference between a 70's action film and one made currently, it would do to contrast this film with the 2000 remake with Sylvester Stallone in the title role. In the 2000 film, a touch of pleasant humor and romance are thrown in, and it is clear that Carter (Stallone), despite the fact that he makes his living as an enforcer/gangster, is basically a nice guy; someone it is very important for us to like and identify with. He ends up being the savior of all those he loves and cares for. He is a mush, is what he is. An anti-hero without any true anti.<br /><br />Michael Caine dominates the original 1971 film Get Carter. He has the coldest eyes you will ever see on screen, and he has a heart made of Birmingham steel. Briefly told, the plot is one of revenge. Carter is a London gangster traveling north to the gritty, working class town of Newcastle to find out what happened to his brother, dead under strange circumstances.<br /><br />Caine/Carter isn't really very cunning or smart. What makes him so dangerous is that he acts very quickly, almost instinctively like a huge cat on the hunt. A burning red engine, stoked to bursting with hate, drives Carter and keeps him alive in this world of wolves and sheep. No actor can portray pure hatred like Michael Caine, and the teeth-barring moments when Jack Carter is moved to violence are truly scary. Once Carter begins to unravel the truth, he becomes a force without pity. Where Stallone can't help but wish to be liked, Caine is about as repulsive a protagonist as the screen has yet shown us. If we find ourselves rooting for him (and we do), it is because the movie has tapped into our own dark side. Nothing "life affirming" here. His vengeance is not done with splashy special effects or done artfully like Peckinpah's mannered "ballet of death" scenes. No, here the punishment is metered out like grim factory work, done under an ashy, wet sky.<br /><br />This film is a vision into a mist-soaked hell, where rain falls instead of fire, absent of angels. It is also a masterpiece and not to be missed. -Mykal Banta
"Get Carter" has got to be THE standout performance of Michael Caine's highly variable career. Caine, who was the undisputed "King of Cool" in 60's swinging London, has readily admitted that he took many a script just for the money... something he had in common with Sir Laurence Olivier! Anyway, I guess this is why we not only have the superlative "Carter," plus "Zulu," "The Ipcress File," "The man who would be king," and "Little Voice" amongst others, but we also have "The Swarm" and, "Jaws: The Revenge," 'nuff said?! <p>Caine's performance in "Carter" is breathtaking; you can't take your eyes off him for a moment as he completely jettisons his likable "cheeky cockney geezer" persona, seen in such films as "The Italian Job," and "Alfie." Here, Caine plays Jack Carter, a cold hearted, cold-blooded killer, an enforcer for the London Mob. I jokingly mentioned "Jaws: The Revenge" in my introduction, but one of the characteristics that makes Caine's portrayal of Jack Carter so memorable are his eyes. Throughout the whole film they're dead, like a sharks, with not a trace of humanity reflected in them; they say that the eyes are the windows to the soul, and with that being the case, Jack Carter's soul must be a thing of unmitigated darkness. <p>Carter is out to discover the truth behind his brother's death in the North of England, and if needs be, to exact bloody revenge on all concerned. The official report is that his brother's death was a suicide, needless to say, Carter doesn't believe that for a second... and with good reason. <p>The film begins with a prologue set in London, where Jack asks for time off from his enforcing duties to travel north; permission is reluctantly given, and Carter soon finds himself immersed in a desperately sleazy world of pornography and drugs. He starts making waves almost as soon as he arrives, roughing up the locals, asking questions people don't want to answer; "Do you, know a man, named Albert Swift?" It's obvious that no one, from the local porn-king, to his dead brother's girl, who may, or may not know the truth, wants him snooping around. <p>The story of "Get Carter" is brutally straightforward, and this is reflected in the actions of the title character. As the evidence starts to mount that his brother was in fact murdered, Jack becomes a terrifying angel of death, cutting a bloody swathe through assorted local low-life and scum. And it's this aspect of the film that sets it, and the character of Carter himself, apart from just about every other "gangster" film ever made. With neither pity nor remorse, and driven by the only emotion he can feel, a burning hatred for those who killed his brother and corrupted his family, Jack Carter sets about single-handedly exacting a terrible revenge. <p>In nearly all gangster movies, big, when it comes to guns, is good, and BIGGER is BETTER. The 'hero' invariably dispatches his adversaries to the grave with a witty quip and a hail of lead, preferably of the .357 or .44 magnum variety, lovingly captured in a hi-definition, slow motion ballet of death. This is a modern cinematic fantasy, and when done well - see nearly anything directed by John Woo - gives the viewer a visceral thrill to be sure, but it's not real.<p>The violence perpetrated by Jack Carter is real, shockingly so. He has a gun, two actually, a shotgun he uses in a blackly comic scene to warn off a couple of the boys sent from London to bring him back, and a pistol he uses in a brief shoot-out, but mainly shoves in peoples faces to make sure he gets what he wants. When it comes to dealing out retribution, knifing a man to death who's on his knees begging for his life, beating a man almost unconscious and then throwing him off an office block, half drowning a woman in her bath, kidnapping another woman and injecting her with a heroin overdose, or beating a man to death with the stock of his shotgun, Jack definitely prefers the personal touch... he's just that kind of a guy!<p>There's a rawness to "Get Carter" that is almost unique. The portrayal of the criminal underworld is grim and repellant, with, thankfully, no attempt at all made to mitigate the actions or character of Jack Carter, a very brave move on the part of the director, Mike Hodges, and Michael Caine himself. It would have been easy for Caine to have given us a nod or a wink, something to let us know that Carter isn't all THAT bad, but what we get is Jack, in all his undiluted savagery. <p>The most telling scene, and a stunning performance by Caine, is one where he's watching a porn film. What we see of the movie is shabby and degrading, and I won't go into details for obvious reasons. Jack watches, a cold, wry smile hovering around his lips as he enjoys a smoke, but his expression slowly changes to one of horror and disgust as he recognizes one of the participants. Then finally, and possibly for the first and only time, Jack Carter cries tears of pain and despair for another human being. This plays out wordlessly; you see it all written on Jack's face, as I said, a stunning performance by Michael Caine. "Get Carter" is an incredible film, it isn't always comfortable to watch, the final scenes will leave you drained and breathless, but it is a film I would recommend without any hesitation whatsoever.
This little seen gem features one of Michael Caine's finest performances in a taught, dark, perfectly realized character study of a professional killer who seeks revenge --no matter how high the cost may be. <p>The film was obviously a direct influence on several latter British films such as Long Good Friday and Mona Lisa. Films that unflinchingly focused on character, rather than story and presented a full dimensional portrait without justification or apology to the audience. It was remade as a blaxploitation film called The Hit Man too.<p>You can see it's influence on recent films such as Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and The Limey with their simple revenge  driven motifs. Those films however add gimmicks and tricks to the mix. Get Carter trusts its material and it's actors and stays disturbingly quiet, and on the surface simple-though internally quite complex. It's a bit of a stretch but there are influences of Get Carter in Taxi Driver as well.<p>Get Carter remains a very English (as in British) film. It's a film which was undoubtedly influenced by John Boorman's 1967 classic Point Blank. <p>The way Michael Caine plays Carter will remind you of a darker, more cynical and somewhat more mature Alfie (the cheeky Casonova from the 1966 film that made Caine an international star). He's an over-confident, immoral, womanizing hit man who'll snap his fingers and demand a pint of bitter in a thin glass and then later have phone sex, while being observed with his mistress, Brit Eckland (a cutting edge scene in `71).<p>Some of the events in the film are inspired by real life events, but ones few Americans have ever heard of (concerning British gangsters).  The film is purposely stripped of any visual poetry and shows us a drab, Newcastle. There are seedy pubs, run down row houses, sloppy construction projects and polluted beaches peopled by working class people who have little hope, few dreams and little money. You won't find noir influenced shots of shadows and light, fog or atmosphere. Director Hodges is being stylish by carefully avoiding a sense of style, observing methodically, like footage shot for some unimaginative city planning board study. It creates an underlining feeling of despair and takes us to places almost absent of any charm, whose only character is one of slow rot. Of course this makes a good analogy to what Carter is internally. He's crossed over all ethical and moral lines in his life too many times to remain untouched. And he can't ignore what he's become when it's caused his brother to be brutally murdered. <p>At times Get Carter is a brutal film. There are sudden explosions of violence in the film which are ugly as violence truly is. When we realize there is a bit of good in Carter, it means we also realize he's made choices which have doomed him to this life. As the film progresses we realize that several choices he's made have created an inner-turmoil and horror Carter barely lets us see.<p>The film is slowly, not manically paced and invites some degree of contemplation. It becomes a rich film experience, though not a pleasant and breezily entertaining one.<p>It's a film of shadows, of thugs and gangsters who are not glamorous, or romantic in any sense of the word. The humor comes from the desperate bitterness of the characters we meet. Characters played to perfection by Ian Hendry, Bernard Hepton and John Osborne (who wrote the play Look Back in Anger).<p>Caine, is superb. He refuses to remind us he's acting and wears his role effortlessly. He never forces a line or a look or tries for audience sympathy or understanding. Anyone who relishes great performances will find this one among the best on film. <p>So even if you have seen too many gangster films, and even if the prospect of seeing a rather bleak one doesn't interest you all that much, perhaps the fact it contains Caine's best performance will convince you to watch Hodges' 1971, GET CARTER soon.<p>--Chris Jarmick, co-Author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder (- a steamy cyber thriller available January 2001. Please pre-order it today.)
Michael Caine plays Jack Carter, a London gang member who specializes in strong arm intimidation. He learns that his younger brother has died in the north of England, in Newcastle, while drunk; maybe a suicide, maybe an accident. Carter, against the wishes of his gang bosses, leaves to find out what happened. He knows his brother never drank. He pokes around, ignores the warnings to lay off from both the Newcastle and London gangs. He figures out who is responsible and, despite murder attempts, starts to take cold-blooded vengeange.<br /><br />Carter has no remorse. People who help him, people who get in his way, people who try to stop him, all get hurt. Often by Jack Carter; it doesn't make any difference to him. One kid who helps him gets beaten within an inch of his life. Carter is barely sympathetic. He kills a woman with an injection of drugs because she played a part in his brother's youngest daughter being in a porno film making the rounds. But he does it deliberately, for a larger purpose. He's a thug, but cunning, and he doesn't care. One nice touch: he reads Raymond Chandler. On the train ride to Newcastle he's immersed in Farewell, My Lovely.<br /><br />In the end he succeeds, but pays a price that says irony may be even better than justice.<br /><br />The look of the movie is grimy and tough. Newcastle is a workingman's town, with pubs that are dirty, featureless council flats, and a lot of concrete. There's no fresh air here, just stale breath and cigarette smoke.<br /><br />This is one of Caine's great roles. He's utterly believable. A side note, one of the slimiest of the villians, a porn lord, is played by John Osborne, the playwrite who wrote Look Back in Anger.<br /><br />I can't recommmend this movie enough. Mike Hodges, who directed, also directed Croupier and I'll Sleep When I'm Dead.
I watch, enjoy and love so many, many films...but if I had to pick one as being my absolute favourite, it would have to be this one. Michael Caine in a move to shed off his &quot;lovable&quot; Cockney 60s persona's (eg. Alfie, The Italian Job etc)stars as Jack Carter, a mid-level London criminal who decides to go back to his hometown in Newcastle to find out the real reasons behind his brother's recent death.<p>Upon arrival he cuts a path through the local crims and con men to find out &quot;...what really happened&quot;. This film is just so entertaining. Caine has never been better. He's icy cool and malevolent, has the right quip for any occaision and will stop at nothing to reach his goal. The Tyneside locations are absolutely perfect in reflecting both the urban and moral decay that seems to prevail, Hodges' direction is tight and well paced, Roy Budd's music is eerie and loaded with 70s cool, all the supporting characters have their own moments, the dialogue is great and the action setpieces are gritty and realistic, and above all (as was the late 60s - mid 70s practice) no charcter comes out of this film a winner. <p>I have been burning for the DVD release of this film for some time now and I cannot wait to see the film remastered and with a bunch of extras. Having finally got to see it at the cinema recently has only fanned the flames further.<p>This is a wonderful, wonderful film (especially if you like crime films) and the recent news of Sly Stallone's remake fills me with horror. Is nothing sacred anymore? This film didn't need a remake (although I admit affection for Bernie Casey's &quot;Hit Man&quot;), and that's because they got it so right the first time...
"Get Carter" is really recommendable on so many levels. Michael Caine is surely one of the best living actors today, in this film he really becomes Jack Carter, elegant and ice-cold enforcer in the British underworld. The background is provided by the gritty urban industrial landscape of early 1970s Newcastle, with rows of decaying workers homes and pubs stretching out in front of crumbling factories.<br /><br />Carter travels to Newcastle from London for a mission, his brother is dead, the police claim he had a deadly car accident driving drunk and Carter is there to oversee the funeral. Strangely enough, nobody remembers ever having seen his brother drink Whiskey. "I'm the villain in the family, remember?", as Carter puts it.<br /><br />Gradually Carter's suspicion gets aroused, everybody seems to have desperately tried to avoid him right from the moment he stepped off the train in Newcastle and now the boss of the local underworld attempts to force Carter on the next train back to London. In addition Carter's niece appears strangely intimidated.<br /><br />Gradually the pieces come together and once Carter finds out what really happened, the psychopathic gangster comes to the fore. The pretty girl he just had sex with becomes the first victim of his rage.<br /><br />Get this movie for Michael Caine as Carter and for the atmosphere of a long gone pre-Thatcher era Britain, still stuck in its postwar decline.
"Get Carter" is one of the original, and definitely one of the best, modern gangster films. There would be no "The Long Good Friday", "Lock, Stock & Two Smoking Barrels" or "Snatch" without this movie. Michael Caine as Jack Carter is the first bad guy in film history that you want to root for, but feel bad because he's such an evil person. The dialogue is razor-sharp, the sets and cinematography are as dreary as the Northern England location, and the last 30 minutes of the movie, especially the ending, will leave you with the need to stand in the sun for a long time. You'll understand why after you watch it. And, most importantly, AVOID THE REMAKE AT ALL COSTS!
It's great news to finally be able to get &quot;Get Carter&quot; on DVD.  Get Carter is an incredible film, one of the best of 1970's, that stars Michael Caine as &quot;Carter&quot; in probably his greatest performance,  and is directed by Mike Hodges, which is his greatest film as well.  This  film may be one of the more brutally violent films that has ever been made,  even by today's standards, which is amazing considering that it was made 30  years ago.  It's about a mob henchman that goes on a quest for revenge when  his brother is killed under suspicious circumstances.  On his journey  Carter encounters plenty of sex and violence.  There are many memorable  scenes in this movie including one of the most raw, brutal killing scenes  that I have ever scene in which he stabs a former friend whom he suspects  betrayed him. This movie is action packed, but not the mindless, loud,  explosion-filled action of today's movies.  The violence is both shocking  and disturbing, however, there's a heavy price to pay.  This movie will  leave you dazed after finishing viewing. I highly recommend this movie to  everyone with even a casual interest in great films, and is a must own for  DVD collectors.
Now I haven't seen every film Academy Award winner Michael Caine's been in, but I've seen enough to know this feature, simply titled Get Carter (1971), is definitely one of his more unappreciated features.  Based on Ted Lewis' novel titled "Jack's Return Home", and adapted for the screen and directed by Mike Hodges (The Terminal Man, Flash Gordon, Croupier), the film stars, as I've mentioned, Michael Caine (Zulu, Too Late the Hero, Sleuth, Hannah and Her Sisters), who was originally born Maurice Joseph Micklewhite (how's that for a useless bit of trivia?).  Also appearing is Ian Hendry (Captain Kronos - Vampire Hunter), Britt Ekland (The Wicker Man), John Osborne (Tomorrow Never Comes), Geraldine Moffat (The Last Chapter), Alun Armstrong (Krull), and Bryan Mosley (Far from the Madding Crowd).<br /><br />Caine plays Jack Carter, an enforcer type for a London mob who returns to his hometown of Newcastle (a bleak, dreary industrial town on the northern coast) to attend the funeral of his brother, who died in a rather mysterious car accident.  Carter, suspicious of the incident, sets himself up at a local boarding house and prodding into the seedy underbelly of the local underworld, soon discovering there's more to his brother's death than what's put forth in the `official' recounting.  After some toughs encourage him to leave (to which they get their skulls cracked for their efforts), Carter begins unraveling the loosely threaded tapestry of lies surrounding his brother's untimely demise, taking him from low level thugs and sleazy broads, all the way up to a couple of local criminal bigwigs, but not before snogging the mouthy landlady (anything to shut her up, I suppose).  Along the way the plot becomes convoluted, but the various bits of information eventually all lead to the same place, a mobbed up pornographer (among other things) named Kinnear (Osborne), whose got strong ties to Carter's bosses back in London, who, by the way, are against Carter's mucking about if only not to cause waves in the underworld community (after all, business is business).  Once Carter gets the straight dope, he begins methodically setting things right, taking his aggressions out various individuals involved, a few of which end up dead, determined to make those responsible, every single one of them, suffer for their transgressions.  Thing is, once you start messing about with established rackets, you have to expect there to be reprisals, and there are, as it seems everyone is now out to get Carter...<br /><br />Caine is about as good here as anything I've seen him in, and that's saying a lot.  He's a calm, collected, completely remorseless killer, one certainly not afraid to get his hands dirty, has no fear in terms of anything he does coming back to haunt him, using any means at his disposal to achieve his goals.  That's not to say he doesn't care for anything (he seems to have affection for his niece), but he doesn't let these affections get in the way of his business.  To him, the ends always appear to justify the means, and those who get caught up along the way aren't really his concern.  Actually, to hear tell it seemed Carter and his brother didn't get a long all that well, and the real rub for Carter in his brother's death was more or less a disrespect of Carter himself.  In one scene we see the result of an acquaintance catching a thrashing, as the man's now laid up in his flat, and Carter makes light of the situation by offering him a wad of money, telling him to use it for karate lessons, and this guy was supposed to be one of Carter's friends!  In Carter's defense, his world is pretty much limited to slimy, underworld types, so obviously it wouldn't pay to get too close to anyone, in terms of interpersonal relationships.  There's a real sense throughout he only cultivates relationships in order to further his own ends, and once that's achieved, he cares little what happens afterwards.  I really loved the scenes when Carter first returned home.  It's not that he was all full of swagger and such, but his presence did sort of command a level of respect from those who saw him for what he was...a local who had made enough of a name form himself to move on to bigger and better things, but never denied his humble beginnings.  As far as the rest of the performers, they're all solid and very capable, providing the proper support, but this is Caine's film, and he carries it well.  The first time I saw this film, a few years ago, the pacing felt slow, but watching it again last night I've since decided it's more deliberate than slow.  What's the difference?  Well, I'll tell you...I found myself keenly interested Caine's character.  Sure he was a bad dude, but he was a bad dude with a purpose, and while the plot was convoluted at times, I believed it to be intentionally so, mirroring the very realistic fact things aren't always cut and dry, black and white.  One aspect of this feature that stands out is the locations used for the filming.  Newcastle is presented as a dingy, depressing town of decay, one that once bustled with industrial life, but has since fallen into a state of continual disrepair, its carcass dominated by criminal elements.  Even the newer structures all seem imbued with the stale stink of poverty, providing an appropriate backdrop for the story and capturing a real moment in time, so to speak.  All in all an under-rated, first-class thriller/edgy British crime drama worth checking out if you're into that sort of thing.<br /><br />The picture, presented in anamorphic widescreen (1.74:1), looks decent, but does exhibit some of the minor flaws one might expect from a film released in 1971.  As far as the Dolby Digital mono audio, it does come through well enough, but does seem lacking in some areas.  As far as extras, there is a commentary track featuring Michael Caine, director Mike Hodges, and cinematographer Wolfgang Suschitzky, along with a theatrical trailer, a brief biography of Caine, a music only audio track, and English and French subtitles.<br /><br />Cookieman108<br /><br />By the way, Sylvester Stallone appeared in a rather dismal remake (comparatively speaking) of this film with the same title, released in 2000.  Author Ted Lewis' novel was also adapted into a blaxpoitation feature titled Hit Man (1972), starring Bernie Casey (Brian's Song, Revenge of the Nerds) and Pam Grier (Coffy, Foxy Brown).
Often overlooked in this film is its great music. The recurrence of a theme, played apparently on something with steel strings sets the mood of the film from the outset, then comes back from time to time during gaps in the dialogue. Caine gives his usual sterling performance  and a few quotable lines 'You're a big man, but you're in bad shape!'. The supporting players are interestingly cast, but they're all up to it, even playwright John Osborne, not an actor by profession. Mike Hodges script is uncompromising and feels so authentic we feel like we live in the world of 1970s Tyneside crooks. It's ironic that while modern film-makers achieve this by casting former crooks as gangsters, here it is done by casting playwrights! Hodges also takes full advantage of his location, showing not just the picturesque (the Tyne Bridge) but other parts of Newcastle which provide appropriate backdrops to the action. The scene in the newly built block is one which stands out, giving us a brutal building with brutal people inside. The final scenes on the shore are to be savoured. By the end of the film, the story is so identified with Caine's London gangster in a Newcastle setting, that it beggars belief why anyone would want to remake it without using this central premise.
I saw the Stallone version of this movie first. I must say, I didn't hate it and I liked the music and the girl who played his neice. But then I sought out and found the origional with Michael Caine. This movie is far superior to the movie that 'Rocky' did. This has become a personal favorite of mine and I think one of Michael Caines best performances. It definitely holds up even today. It is violent, unapologetic and just a damn good seedy crime revenge movie.
Michael Caine stars as simmering London gangster Jack Carter in the gritty 1971 British noir type action flick "Get Carter".  Caine's character, in a departure from his usual portrayals, displays a vicousness that he pulls off rather well in this noteworthy film.  Filmed in some of the seamier locations of both London and Newcastle, the movie exposes some of the slimy underbelly of the English underworld.<br /><br />Caine when learning of his brothers "accidental" death feels compelled to attend the funeral up north in Newcastle.  Against the advice of his London boss he's determined to find out what exactly happened.  After disembarking the train he took, he immediately gets the idea that his presence isn't welcome in Newcastle.  Despite warnings to subsist in his investigation he eventually learns the details of how his brother's niece was lured into the local pornography trade.  The measured Caine's temper begins quickly percolationg as he sets out on a violent trail of vengeance against those responsible.  The local crime boss Kinnear played by John Osbourne, the man culpable, orders Caine's elimination.<br /><br />As is typical for these types of crime dramas, in the end justice is served.
GET CARTER is one of Michael Caine's greatest films, probably my personal favorite! With its gritty style and brilliant central performance, this is a stunning crime thriller.<br /><br />Low-level London gangster Jack Carter (Caine) returns to his childhood home of Newcastle to find out who killed his brother, and why! In a way, Carter becomes a detective, trying to solve this very personal mystery, by any means necessary!<br /><br />A ruthless professional, Jack Carter is cautious and calculated and never allows himself to get too close to anyone, not even those willing to help him uncover the truth. He dismisses a friend just as casually as he would an enemy! After all, when you're in his line of work, you can't afford to be too emotionally involved.<br /><br />Then something happens!<br /><br />While investigating his brother's death, Jack discovers that another relative - someone close - has been dragged down into his underground world. Someone too young, too innocent. For one powerful moment, Jack Carter's wall breaks down, and his emotions explode! The normally calm professional becomes an animalistic killer. Driven by hatred and bent on revenge, Carter kills his victims without prejudice, whether they're guilty or simply in the way!<br /><br />Michael Caine is magnificent! He purposefully sheds his charming persona and becomes the ultimate antihero in Jack Carter. In any other film, Carter would have been the villain, and an intimidating one. But in GET CARTER, we sympathize with the character because we understand his mission, and because Caine allows us opportunities to witness Carter's human side, rare they might be. Nonetheless, Caine never lets us forget Carter's darkness, and the moment we start to root for him, he snaps us back into the realization that Jack Carter is not a good person. And you can't take your eyes off Caine! GET CARTER is as much a character study as it is a thriller. Kudos to the film's director Mike Hodges for allowing his lead actor to create such a flawed protagonist, without apologies.<br /><br />Hodges should also be praised for showcasing the city of Newcastle as an important character in the film. There's enough darkness and grit instilled within the streets, pubs, and people to remind Jack Carter that he is unmistakeably home.<br /><br />As the director, Hodges takes an interesting minimalist approach in terms of the music, cinematography and overall style, but it works perfectly! GET CARTER is a lean, mean masterpiece! And while his cast is uniformly superb, Michael Caine turns this masterpiece into a tour de force by delivering one of his greatest performances!
At 30 years old, this remains the modern crime thriller standard.  It's the film that today's filmmakers have wanted to match and have either lacked the guts or imagination to do so.  (Though &quot;The Limey&quot; and &quot;Mona Lisa&quot; are great in their own right.  Frankly, when Steven Soderbergh made the &quot;Limey&quot;, I think he was paying homage to &quot;Get Carter&quot;.)  <p>I had vague memories of seeing this on cable in the early eighties.  Being a fan of Caine, I ordered it recently.  When my brother and I sat down to watch it, we simply were rocked by its rawness.  We who had sat through any number of Eastwood, Die Hard and Lethal Weapon.  Get Carter's bleak violence and sex makes most contemporary thrillers seem like adolescent pretenders.  The last third of the film, when he goes on a rampage, is simply not the sort of thing you're going to see in any thriller.  It's brutal.  <p>But it's real.  And it works.  You believe that beneath Carter's brutality there is a gangster's nobility, a willingness to throw away his fairly comfortable gangster's lifestyle for the sake of avenging an injustice.  I found the end crudely satisfying.  <p>Caine is a tremendous actor.  He can be warm and sympathetic (&quot;Hannah and her Sisters&quot;); he can be funny and clumsy (&quot;Gambit&quot;) and, in &quot;Get Carter&quot;, he can be a ruthless, frightening gangster.  No eyebrow raised to the audience to suggest that he's really a lovable sort.  No compromises at all.  A lesser actor would have done something to soften the edges of Carter.  Caine didn't.  It's an honest, courageous performance.
Among the best crime films of the 1970s. Michael Caine has had lots of memorable characters(Harry Palmer being another one). Caine is vicious and  unstoppable as Carter. Somehow, amongst all his evil doings, he still has a  sort of charisma(I wouldn't go so far as to say he's lovable). I saw it as  a double feature with Point Blank, but would play just as well with another  film like Straight Time or maybe The Outfit. Thank goodness for a dvd with  a widescreen transfer and special features! This is one of those films that  is just waiting to find more fans as its availabilty increases. Truly a  classic. Carter is the prototypical bad, bad man.
_Get Carter_ is a convoluted revenge drama, in which London mobster Jack Carter (Michael Caine) travels from London to the ganglands of Britain's industrial north, to find out Who Killed His Brother.  And then kill them, which he does with some psychopathic flair.  <p>But what really makes this film remembered, apart from another Michael Caine performance in his best 1970s vein, half ruthlessly competent enforcer, half insolent chancer, is its style.  The London of this gritty film was never "swinging", and the north is a mysterious wasteland where grim iron fields of mysterious, rusting machinery lurk just behind every genteel workingclass street.  <p>And this is a film where dressing the characters was nearly as important as giving them lines to say.  Caine and the senior mobsters get about in sharp tight men's suits, shirts with long lapels and long tipped collars.  Even the Northern gang enforcers are dandies, improbably stalking the streets in knee-length tan greatcoats: and, dated or not, those really were great coats. <p>Women wear white high heels, miniskirts, floral blouses and Big Hair.  Though a surprising proportion of the female cast take their clothes off so that the puzzlingly irresistible Michael Caine can smudge their lipstick.  One of them is Britt Ekland (...).  On the other hand there's Michael Caine stepping out onto a genteel suburban street wearing nothing but a shotgun, confronting, in order of appearance, his landlady's prim and censorious neighbour, and an entire team of Marching Girls.  <p>Marching Girls?  Marching girls are one of the great British wierdnesses, like competitive ballroom dancing.  Think cheerleaders aged between six and about 15, except that instead of chanting and jumping around like their American sisters, they do parade ground drill routines, in solemn silence.  I have no idea why, but then I don't even understand cheerleading.  Why don't these girls play their own sports?  But ours not to reason why; their confrontation with a naked Michael Caine and his, um, shotgun is a fine sight gag, and nicely set up.  It probably couldn't be done today, though it's an entirely non-sexual, funny, scene.<p>Still on the topic of nudity, Michael Caine's body, plumpish by current male hero standards but no doubt perfectly acceptable in 1970, reminds us of how grotesquely over-pumped the male bodies are in current action movies.  The 1970 women also have real bodies, their flesh undistorted either by starvation or silicone, and looking much the better for it.  Hmmm&#8230; This review seems to have been channelled by the undead spirit of Benny Hill, so far.  I'll see if I can talk about something other than film nudity.  <p>Like stylish cars.  _Get Carter_ reminds you that in 1970 the British still had a motor industry, that built cars that were too solid and reliable for their own profitability, and beautiful Art Deco objects some of their products were too.  But what else do you need in a film?  The men are hard and the women are harder, the plot is tough, the script is excellent and full of telling and intriguing character details, while every acting performance, including Ekland's, is dead on target.  <p>I won't give the plot away beyond observing that it turns out to be extremely Grim Up North.  Actually the story is pretty much a Chandler plot transplanted across the Atlantic: a point underlined by the book Carter reads on the train as he heads north: _Farewell My Lovely_.  Except that there's no Philip Marlowe in this film; on these mean streets there are no heroes, not even tarnished ones.  <p>_Get Carter_ is a trendsetting film, though many of its most worthy imitators were only made 30 years later, for example _Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels_ and the other recent British gangland flicks.  The recent re-make starring Sylvester Stallone, on the other hand, isn't one of the worthy imitators.  It's a turkey, a flabby clich&eacute; executed without pace or style.  The Michael Caine original, on the other hand, is sharp as a razor.  <p>Recommended.  (...)<p>Cheers!<p>Laon
This is a very good movie.  Don't expect any good guys here.  If you want a hero with a bit of soul watch the Silvester Stallone remake a movie I also like.  Both movies have a lot of action.
British director Mike Hodges's GET CARTER is a wonderful little pearl for the amateur of discoveries. Everything in this movie seems new, even for a 1971 movie. The action takes place in Newcastle, England which is not the most photographed city in movie history, the characters are english mobsters, a corporation whose roots are rather italian, colombian or american. And, furthermore, Mike Hodges has written and created on screen a certain number of scenes worthy to stay in our memories. <p>Take for instance the scene involving Michaël Caine calling in London a Britt Ekland almost naked in her bed. As the dialogs become more and more suggestive, Michaël Caine is filmed behind the moving rocking-chair of his lodger - a woman with, let's say, a certain charm -. The scene is memorable and has been the ideal target of various censors. <p>The last third of GET CARTER is going to remind you of another jewel of the british cinema - Robert Fuest's THE ABOMINABLE DR. PHIBES - as Michaël Caine is slowly eliminating the murderers of his brother. I also liked the secondary roles, very well written and played : Kinnear, the local mobster, is terrifying even without a gun and Eric's glasses and death will haunt your memory for quite a long time. And naturally there is Michaël Caine in one of his best performances ever. <p>The copy is perfect, you can watch GET CARTER with only the musical score on or with Mike Hodges's commentary, there are english and french subtitles, a trailer and a very incomplete filmography of Michaël Caine. <p>A DVD for your library.
Mike Hodges' Get Carter is a bleak and bitter revenge thriller that has been little seen in the U.S since it's release in 1971. It's humourless tone and grim conclusion prevent it from being embraced by larger audiences, but  for the more demanding viewer these are the very features that make it such a memorable delight. Michael Caine gives a solid performance as the title character Jack Carter, a London-based criminal out to seek revenge for the murder of his brother in Newcastle. The film should be applauded for not softening the Carter character in an attempt to make him more appetizing to the viewer. We may think Carter is cool but there is little here on display for us to ever mistake him for a hero.<br />Apart from it's startling realism, other memorable aspects of the film are composer Roy Budd's proto-Acid Jazz score and  the flamboyant post-hippie threads sported by Caine and co.  A film so good that you are almost willing to forgive Caine for the many terrible films he has appeared in since.<br />The disc contains some wonderfully dated theatrical trailers and an audio commentary from Caine, Hodges and the cinematographer.
So many movies these days claim to have audiences cheering for the bad guy. Ive never really found myself doing that until I saw Get Carter. Caine plays probably the most unlikeable hero on film. Even for the 90's the film  is still violent, gritty and original. The acting and Directing are all  top-drawer. A brilliant film.
Michael Caine said to Bob Hoskins &quot;There have only been three good british gangster films ever made  Get Carter, which I was in,The Long Good Friday which you was in, and Mona Lisa which we were both in&quot;. So  listen up Sylvester Stallone, don't bother remaking 'Get Carter' you'll be  wasting your time and money.
This film is outstanding. It doesn't glorify crime or criminals. The people in it are real flesh and blood, with moles and blotchy skin. But what you have is a spell-binding tale, excellently acted (Michael Caine delivers one of his best performances in a role that fits him like a glove), and delivering a glimpse of a world filled with gritty struggles. This film delivers right up to the final credits, with an ending that takes your breath away.
If one is a lover of 1960s-70 movie fare then GET CARTER must be a stand out and as has been often stated very reminiscent of John Boormans POINT BLANK made several years earlier and starring another great one off talent namely Lee Marvin.Get Carter was in my opinion, Caines greatest and most believable role as Point Blank was Marvins and both movies were excellent vehicles for both actors to show off their prodigous talent.Hodges and Boorman likewise had many similarities in their direction styles and talent in getting the most from the actors they worked with and these two movies are no exception.For my money Get Carter and Point Blank were way ahead of any other GANGSTER movie in the 60s except for the KILLERS in the early 60s and probably until French Connection and The Godfather arrived in the 70s. In my view the casting of Get Carter was almost as brilliant as the acting with stand out performances by the likes of Ian Hendry to name just one.Caine had many memorable leading roles as well as co starring roles with Zulu also being a standout, but for sheer acting ability Get Carter in my view was his best role although that may be a bit premature as he is still turning in better than average performances in his usual understated fashion.
Tough . Amoral . Unforgettable .<br /><br />It is hard to believe this is the same man who played Alfie .<br /><br />This film presents a professional who is human , but does not really find the human element in him to be of much use .<br /><br />The viewer is likely to be shocked by the main character but there is a perverse sort of justice to what he does .<br /><br />If you like Michael Caine , you may not after you've seen this . The seedy urban underbelly is shown to full effect in GET CARTER .<br /><br />It is a film full of location atmosphere and the viewer is drawn in . I love it .<br /><br />Avoid the remake .
Michael Cain is unforgettable as Jack Carter, a London based villain who returns home for his brothers' funeral in Newcastle and unravels the dubious circumstances behind his death. Carter follows a trail that leads him into a twilight world of Northern gangsters, porn victims and rackmanesque businessmen played by familiar but now deceased faces. Not least is the urbane, salacious and sinister gangster Kinear operating out of a stately home and memorably played by John Osborne in awesome form. The gangster's dialogue and humour is direct and as compelling as Carters shotgun. Whilst the directors use of long camera angles from the outset adds a visual kick to Carters detached, stark and singular journey of revenge. The soundtrack is effectively sparse by modern day standards and most notable during Carters train journey up north to Newcastle. This is Cain at his most convincing as he uses his London working class background to dramatic effect in this hard man role. Get Carter is a genuine milestone in British gangster movies.
Get Carter is one of the best motion pictures of the 1970's and perhaps the greatest British criminal themed film of all time.  Michael Caine has never had a better role nor delivered as deceptively intense and deep an acting performance.  To propose this when Caine is one of the greatest actors to have lived on the planet is saying a mouthful.  Like POINT BLANK (1967) was with the great John Boorman and Lee Marvin co-creating, Mike Hodges and Michael Caine in 1971 created a steely no-apologies masterpiece.  The only wonder is that British MGM and American MGM meddling executives at the time allowed the film to be released without destructive compromising cuts for commercialism and what is now called political correctness.  The supporting cast is uniformaly dead-on.  The perhaps unrecognized co-star of the film is the cold-sobering, gritty, pre-Thatcher English location of Newcastle.  Long live Michael Caine and long live the ballsy gentlemen like Jack Carter.  Also, for outstanding source material that does Mickey Spillane proud, check out the Jack Carter novels by the late Ted Lewis.
Hodges's bleak, slow-burning revenge thriller features Caine in one of his chilliest roles, playing a slimy, working-class London enforcer whose morals are as twisted as the people he seeks to destroy. "Angry young man" playwright John Osborne is particularly good as Carter's nemesis, Kinnear, Britt Ekland has a minor but memorable role as a gorgeous porn star, and the wonderful Ian Hendry gets high marks playing Carter's greaseball chauffeur. With its grimy urban tenements and dun-grey skies, "Get Carter" provides an appropriate backdrop for Carter's violent, cold-blooded reprisals, and opened the door for similarly antiheroic crime films to come. Steer clear of the 2000 remake.
This film along with the "The Long Good Friday" and more recently "Sexy Beast" remains the very best of British thrillers.<br /><br />Caine is in magnetic form as Jack Carter. It certainly isn't a coincidence that the two main characters in UK TV series The Sweeney took half each of this characters name (Jack Regan/George Carter). Jack travels back up to north to investigate his brothers death and things spiral out of control from there. You will spot many well known faces amongst the cast including, Britt Ekland, Ian Hendry and Glynn Edwards (well known as the barman in the UK TV series Minder).<br /><br />The film has some classic lines in it such as "you're a big man..." and is blessed with a wonderful music score by the Jazz Pianist Roy Budd. The main theme is a truly haunting piece.<br /><br />This is highly recommended. The remake with Stallone on the other hand is a film to be avoided!
The creme de la creme of British gangster flicks encapsulating an undercurrent of evil and excess. Caine is excellent as the jaded Jack Carter travelling north to find out how his brother died , ably supported by a galaxy of great British TV and film actors.<br /><br />Do not mention this in the same breath as the Stallone version - pure rubbish.
So there is this guy named Carter (Michael Caine) who works for the mob in London.  He's not a nice guy, though he does seem to have a way with the ladies.  He also has an aura about him that makes him unmistakably cool.<br /><br />At the beginning of the film Carter learns that his brother has died under mysterious circumstances, so he journeys to the industrial town of Newcastle to figure out what's going on.  During the course of his investigation he manages to anger his employers so he ends up taking on the whole world alone, much like a detective from a classic novel or film.<br /><br />The movie has a slow pace, like many of the cop movies from the late sixties and early seventies.  It's also shot rather artistically for an action film, so it's not for everyone, but if you're looking for a film with a cool, somewhat unlikeable protagonist who's out for revenge and will stop at nothing to get it, than this might be for you.  It's very similar to the film "Payback," in that regard.
Often overlooked in this film is its great music. The recurrence of a theme, played apparently on something with steel strings sets the mood of the film from the outset, then comes back from time to time during gaps in the dialogue. Caine gives his usual sterling performance  and a few quotable lines 'You're a big man, but you're in bad shape!'. The supporting players are interestingly cast, but they're all up to it, even playwright John Osborne, not an actor by profession. Mike Hodges script is uncompromising and feels so authentic we feel like we live in the world of 1970s Tyneside crooks. It's ironic that while modern film-makers achieve this by casting former crooks as gangsters, here it is done by casting playwrights! Hodges also takes full advantage of his location, showing not just the picturesque (the Tyne Bridge) but other parts of Newcastle which provide appropriate backdrops to the action. The scene in the newly built block is one which stands out, giving us a brutal building with brutal people inside. The final scenes on the shore are to be savoured. By the end of the film, the story is so identified with Caine's London gangster in a Newcastle setting, that it beggars belief why anyone would want to remake it without using this central premise.
This is one of the great British gangster flicks of all time. All the new stuff on the market right now cannot hold a candle  to this movie. You know the ones I mean, pale UK derivatives of  Tarantino. Michael Caine was probably only better in &quot;The Man Who Would Be King&quot; and in &quot;Zulu&quot;. His character here is completely amoral, which causes the brutal acts of violence to really be disturbing. And yet, he is not playing the carpet-chewing villain that today's movies show as gangsters.<p>Recommended.
The DVD picture is sharp. It's a very clean transfer, with only a minimum of flecks. Colors are muted as befits the story and the drab North England setting. A quality disc.
I first saw this movie in the late 70's when I was a kid,and has been on my mind since then.Easily the best british gangster movie,and in my opinion Caine's best performance. Gritty,violent and realistic,with a twisting  storyline leading up to an unforgettable climax,terrific soundtrack too! Do  not hesitate in checking it out!
Just the style, Mam.  No Stallone.  No L.A. And No Happy American Ending.
What can you say, if you're a Michael Caine fan you are gonna love this flick.<br />I love films shot on location. This was done in northern England where my mom is from so I relate to the people well. Great movie great part of my Caine collection.<br />I don't know why Ipress File isnt a DVD. But that's another story.
Based on (and adapted for the screen by) Ted Lewis' novel, this is one of the grittest crime/gangster films since John Boorman's POINT BLANK. Like the Marvin character Walker, Caine's Jack Carter is a relentless force, unlike the Marvin character (who walks away in the end and avoids certain death), Carter cannot stop and it leads to his descruction.  Revenge is the motive in both stories.  For Walker it was betrayal for Carter it is to find an answer. Jack Carter is a hoodlum who works for crime bosses in London who returns to his working class beginnings to find out how his brother died.  It moves slowly at first (but that is just Hodges building the mood) but when Jack decides to go after those responsible it moves like a force of nature.  Probably Michael Caine's best role as the dope head/enforcer.  Forget what you have seen of Caine before, this is Sir Michael as his most primal.  Caine's stare can burn holes in the screen. It's a performance that stands alongside Marvin's Walker and Steve McQueen's Doc McCoy in Peckinpah's THE GETAWAY. Also starring a young and sexy Britt Eklund.
A good friend gave me this movie as a present.  It was definitely not as a feelgood gesture.  His constant comment was, "I have not been able to find a single redeeming quality in Michael Caine's character."<br /><br />Well, he was almost right. Michael Caine is, honestly, outstanding in the lead role here, playing a mob operative who heads home to Newcastle upon the death of his brother.  As a gang figure, he understands the ethos.  As a brother, he shows just about the only redemptive emotion when he first sees his brother's dressed corpse, laid out for cremation.  He touches his brothers hands.<br /><br />After that, if he touches anybody, it's either to satisfy his sexual appetite, to advance his relentless campaign for revenge, or to inflict pain for information-gathering or payback.<br /><br />The violence is simple, continual and at times a little showy.  The message of the film is simple:  a compulsive desire for revenge is honorable as a pursuit of the truth, maybe, but destroys everything, especially the owner of the need for revenge.<br /><br />When the movie was over, the lights came up and we tried to decide who left this film unscathed.  We decided even the guy who gets hired to kill Carter won't get paid for the job, since his employer is under arrest.  Carter's neice won't be able to go to South America with Carter, as Carter proposed, because...<br /><br />Well, that would be telling.  Good movie, but, for sure, don't expect to feel good.
Get Carter (Mike Hodges, 1971)<br /><br />There's a scene about halfway through Get Carter where, if you haven't realized it yet, Mike Hodges makes it very plain that this is not your momma's gangster film. Carter (Michael Caine) and his landlady (Rosemarie Dunham) are in the midst of a romp when two of the members of Carter's gang come in and try to convince him to come back to London with them (Carter is in Newcastle investigating his brother's suspicious death). Various silliness ensues that ends with Carter, starkers, running out into the street. All of this, mind you, is accompanied by a kazoo soundtrack, as there's a children's kazoo corps having a parade in the street. Yes, one thinks, this sort of thing, naked gangster included, is absolutely normal in the odd little world Mike Hodges inhabits.<br /><br />Get Carter is another one of those "they don't make 'em like that anymore" films. In this case, it's because Get Carter set most of the standards in use today. It's the French Connection (coincidentally released the same year) of gangster movies-- there ain't no good guys. Everyone's painted in shades of nastiness. Even Carter, our would-be hero, is an entirely unsympathetic character. One might even go so far as to call him hateful. There is no glorification of anything to be found here, just a bleak, relentless ugliness.<br /><br />Given such a setup, then, in order to avoid falling into its own trap, Get Carter has to have something to raise the bar in other ways. And it does. Hodges' script is crackerjack through and through, fast and funny and never once letting up on the action. The acting is top-notch, as one expects from Michael Caine, and the lighting and cinematography are perfect for the subject matter-- everything is bleak, ugly, littered.<br /><br />Loads of fun, and well worth your time. *** ½
At first I couldn't watch the movie itself because there were scratches on the DVD I rented. So I had to watch the commentary which means they have the movie going but the director and actor are being interviewed. I did see the entirety of the movie without disruptions and liked the movie.<br /><br />Michael Caine plays Jack Carter, a gangster in London returns to Newcastle to bury his brother. At the bar where everyone gets together to pay their respects to his brother, his neice Doreen in tears, splashes wine at a fellow friend of her father's. She is at a loss over his death but it also tells us that there is something that is troubling her which makes Carter "investigate" how his brother actually died and where she ties into this.<br /><br />Caine stands out in his performance as a gangster seeking revenge for his brother's death. As cunning and clever as Carter is, he is unaware of what's going to happen to him which makes the movie interesting to watch.
Phew. What a film. Right from the opening credits, the character protrayed by Michael Caine stands alone - cold, aloof, slightly psychopathic. The images are all striking and honest - this is a movie untainted by the pretensions of Hollywood, it is gritty and realistic and shocking. The storyline rolls along at a cracking pace - although it is not highly original, it is presented brilliantly, with the on screen presence of Caine adding a sense of menace and repressed violence. The end scene will leave you gasping for breath. Get Carter is not an enjoyable film, but a compelling one, which demands to be watched. You would be a complete idiot to try and remake it.
Sly's &quot;Get Carter&quot; may be an above average remake, but it is still no match to the original Cockney Classic. Michael Caine traded in his Nice guy-Working class Persona for a Mean guy-Working class Persona that works even better. The Story is Timeless and the Execution is Impecable. A Near-Perfect Film.  (i can't say it's perfect, one day someone may top it.. not likely)<p>If you find this film a bit tough for you, cheak out Caine in &quot;The Italian Job&quot;.
Recently for reasons which could only make sense to a Hollywood moneyman, this superb British film was remade with -- this seems hard to believe -- Sylvester Stallone in the title role.  They really should not have bothered, because the original with Michael Caine in the lead could not be improved upon.  Caine gives one of the most powerfully effective performances of his long film career as a mobster pursuing a deadly trail of vengeance.  It is a veritable textbook of how to portray menace and obsession with chilling understatement.  The new DVD-version features a commentary track by director Mike Hodges and cinematographer Wolfgang Suschitzky with added material from Caine himself, explaining how the film was made and the decision process behind much of which was shown.  Altogether, this is an excellent presentation.
Get Carter should not be missed by any one loving noir or gangster films. It is an absolute masterpiece of the genre, of any genre. Michael Caine as always delivers a pitch perfect performance. One of the truest actors ever. The quality of the DVD is also very good.
'Get Carter' is very, very British and very, very 70s, and it couldn't possibly be made today, despite Sylvester Stallone's unwise attempt to do so. Caine plays Carter with ice-cold water running through his veins, and the bleak Newcastle setting compliments the hard, merciless atmosphere of a period that gave us 'A Clockwork Orange' and 'Straw Dogs'. It's less violent than the latter, and Carter, although doomed, has a twisted moral core. But it's still strong stuff, and the ending is also very 70's in that it's not very happy, not that 'Get Carter' is a particularly happy film anyway. Whilst it was a cult hit at the time, and languished in obscurity in the 80s, a spate of television repeats and a shift in the zeitgeist made it the ne plus ultra of urban chic in the mid-90s, and it's now regarded as something of a classic. It's also worth checking out the contemporary 'Villain', a less-famous (for good reason - it isn't very good) film starring Richard Burton, for an example of how badly it could have gone. It's also one of the most misquoted films ever ('You're a big man, but you're in bad shape. With me, it's a full time job'), and Michael Caine justifies 'The Swarm', 'Jaws IV' and 'The Holcroft Covenant' with his performance. Special note must be made of Harold Budd's music, in particular the title track, a simple melody that has been an inspiration to ambient musicians ever since, and the soundtrack is a cult favourite. Thankfully, some care has been put into the DVD - there are audio commentaries and a couple of amusingly old-fashioned trailers. At one point Carter transforms a man into a dummy and throws him from a multi-storey car park, revealing hitherto-unknown supernatural powers. The same car park is on the verge of demolition today, but may become a listed building because of the film. This, and an tide of awful modern gangster films, is its legacy.
GET CARTER is lean and very mean and well directed by Mike Hodges.  1 minute Caine is a very nice chap of a mobster and the next minute, he'll kick the living bleep outta you.  This is 1 of his best performances.  A  drawback here is I wish there was more of the wonderful gritty music score  done during the opening credits.  It would've been needed thruout GET  CARTER.  Still, a powerful violent mob flick.  I wonder what the 2000  remake will be like since Sylvester Stallone will be Carter and Michael  Caine who played Carter in the '71 version has a small role here.
Michael Caine recently won his second Oscar for supporting actor, but if you really want to see him at his best, &quot;Get Carter&quot; is the movie to see. Caine loses his English version of the &quot;good old boy&quot; for  this film as he investigates the death of his brother in England. He is  tough and vengeful and shows why he is one of the best actors in the  business, now and nearly 30 years ago when this film was made. There is a  remake of the film in the works but I don't see how it can ever measure up  to this one. One of the best ganster movies ever!
One of the great gangsta movies of all time. Puts the new wave of ultra-violent or ultra-derivative London gansta movies to shame. Note: don't watch the remake instead.
This is an old fashioned movie about a man in the 'trade' who finds that his brothers accident is no accident.  Winding through the maze of characters to find his brother's killer, you are exposed to the dark, ugly side of people. Caine is terrific as the anti hero, and his flaws are just as great as the flaws of the people he is tracking. A word of caution.  I hate the blockbuster ...spiderman, the mummy,  and the like. So if you like them you probably won't like this. There is absolutely no eye candy.
The grimmest, bleakest, and most often misquoted Caine film of the lot gets a look-in for its peerless use of locations as much as for its set pieces, although they are fantastic - Caine answering door naked with shotgun as drum majorettes march past, Caine making final delirious despatch with aid of seaside slag tipper, and of course the scene that's now forever to be known as &quot;the out-of-shape bloke&quot;. Nowadays Old Maurice lives out his dotage on a cheeky chappie rough diamond reputation, but here's a good example of a man who's nothing but coal.
Along with &quot;The Ipcress File&quot;,and &quot;The Italian Job&quot;,and &quot;Sleuth&quot;this is one of Michael Caine's finest performances.Caine play's Jack Carter,who has to travel to Newcastle,to inquire about his brother's death.Once there Jack becomes a target to the local mobsters.Jack puts each piece of the puzzle together,and finds something totally unexpected.Gritty,well paced film-noir,with an inevitable,but entirely believable ending.A very good transfer from Warner,showing virtually no source faults,apart from minor,occasional grain,that hardly distracts.Overall 4/5 for picture,and for the film.
This film has lost none of its power to shock since its first UK release, and the commentary soundtrack on the DVD is especially welcome. <p>It is definitely not an exhilarating experience, but has more impact than practically every 'famous actor revenge flick' cranked out in the 80s and 90s put together. <p>Totally memorable.
This movie is shure to be a Brit-classic. The movie is about Jack Carter who travels to his brother and finds him dead.  Jack is now on a mission, to find who killed him. Michael Caine is Jack Carter a english gangster who stops at nothing to find out who killed his brother. When i saw this movie I had to think about it a while before I could give it 5 stars.  A GREAT FILM!
Ahh! Near perfect film, and a very good DVD. This is a revelation..Michael Caine, an actor I love to hate, is perfect as an avenging devil, and this is British grit at its best. Be surprised as Carter behaves badly, be amazed that this is the director's first feature, then sit back and watch it again to catch the nuances you missed the first time around....then listen to the director's neat commentary...then enjoy the isolated musical score. A great package at a good price. Highly recommended viewing.
While John Shaft took home the prize for being the coolest man on film in 1971, Michael Caine's Jack Carter wasn't so far behind. In fact, with Shaft working for the law and Carter against it --we have a pretty fair argument.  Regardless, Caine hands over the performance of a lifetime as a London  gangster headed back home to Newcastle to investigate the mysterious death  of his Brother. One of the grittiest and most entertaining mysteries of all  time, see this uber cool movie before the Americanized Stallone version  hits theaters later this year. Ordering beer in a thin glass will never be  the same.
received dvd that would not play in my area.  attempting to exchange now for one that will play in louisville ky
Just on the basis of viewing the 1st 2mins of this version of Get Carter, I would never purchase the DVD.  I've seen the original (UK) version of it, and this ain't it!<br /><br />Why were Sid Fletcher's and Geralds' voices overdubbed?!?!?!?  God only knows what else was edited and overdubbed!<br /><br />Charlie Tesoro
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />A brutal and harsh movie that makes the most of its decaying Newcastle setting, Get Carter is sometimes aimless but it's anchored by an intense Michael Caine; almost nihilistic in its bleakness, it's quite a movie.
MY RATING- 6.3<p>This is a mov I watched for only having one of the greatest actors of all time- Michael Caine.<br />The film develops in a strange way almost in a Raymond Chandler flair but this one is set on British locations. The story turned to be a bit disapoitting at the end and it gets even more bizarre with that music!<br />However it features one of the hottest girls of the 70's, Britt Ekland. Look at that erotic phone call made by Caine! Look also for "The Avengers" first season star Ian Hendry.<br />Overall, a tough and almost mean mov that is not for all tastes.
I remember seeing 'Get Carter' as a kid and being swept along by director Hodges subversive intentions. You identify with Carter's strength, self assurance and success with women and want him to succeed but when vengence finally arrives you are repulsed and he ceases to be human. He becomes a monster. As such, I think this is one of the few exploitation pictures that is genuinely anti-violence. The plot though, is more like a B-movie western with a truly absurd body count. Lone gunfighter rides into town to avenge his brother. Visits the Saloon. The old barman routine. Sizes up the bad guy. Gets involved with the floosies. Has gunfight with the hired killer at dawn. This departs from the usual western cliche with a hilarious lack of chivalry. Only one man gets to 'draw'. The only element missing is the Sheriff who fails to see Carter wandering around with firearms in broad daylight, not to mention a gunfight at the OK dock. "You'll get us nicked!" Wails a cowboy to his cowhand who's blasting away with a shotgun. Fat chance of that, mate, the Sheriff seems to be both blind and deaf. Carter's eventual tally is something like seven people in a day (I count the couple in the car and the girl in the trunk.) Average score in a western, but rather unlikely in the north of England. But maybe I haven't lived.<br />There's three tasty geezers in the commentary. Well, only two as it turns out. Director Hodges seems to be have been fed laughing gas. Wish we could share his hilarity. Caine's contribution is surprisingly prejudicial to your actual working classes. He identifies rather too much with his character and menacingly claims to be from a family that had a 'reputation' that people ignored at their peril. Ooh, mummy. He then trots out a series of dispiriting East End cliches about the Kray's. Salt of the earth, loved their mums, helped pensioners and kept the streets safe from pondlife. Deary me. He contradicts the safety of this 'altruism' by revealing that it was he that suggested a family should be in the car Fletcher lands on courtesy of Carter, the inference being that gangsterism affects us all (er..?) Despite Caine's constant attempts to create a frisson regarding his roots, his portrayal of Carter doesn't always convince, especially in his mannered delivery. The commentary then frequently grinds to a halt due to the participation of the Cinematographer whom I took to be Jewish. Sadly, no Jackie Mason-like wit is forthcoming, only a hilariously monotonous and protracted rendition of where he put the lights, tripod, gaffertape, etc. I think it's time to get Carter.
Michael Caine stars in this revenge crime drama as a Gangster from London who decides to look in to the suspicious death of his brother.his investigation ends up ruffling some feathers,and Jack becomes a target.i won't say anything else about the story.you'll have yo watch the movie to find out more.i' will say that this is not what you would call an action packed movie.it moves at a moderate pace.it's not boring.things are always happening,just not at a frenetic pace.and every scene occurs for a reason,even if it doesn't appear that way.at least that's the impression i felt.but it's really the acting that's the anchor here.Caine is great as the title character who won't give up,until he finds the answers.the supporting cast is also good.for me,Get Carter is a 3.5/5
I watched this film because of the many glowing reviews of it which you can find here.  Micheal Caine does a fine job portraying the relentless Jack Carter.  He is very steely and cool, and brutal, and manipulative.  Unfortunately, the film takes a very long time to get mildly interesting, and none of the characters are very likeable.  I found it hard to believe Jack Carter's motive.  Why would a man like him even care about his own brother?<br /><br />The film evokes one or two gasps, but no cheers.  It is a seedy and ugly cloud, with no silver lining.<br /><br />Edgy as this film is, it would have been more interesting to me if Carter had gotten away with it.  But then the film might have caused a moral outrage.  So, instead, the screenwriters have Carter make a stupid fatal mistake.  Sigh.<br /><br />Great as Caine is, he can't save this picture from the distasteful and unromantic world it _slowly_ portrays.
MY RATING- 6.3<p>This is a mov I watched for only having one of the greatest actors of all time- Michael Caine.<br />The film develops in a strange way almost in a Raymond Chandler flair but this one is set on British locations. The story turned to be a bit disapoitting at the end and it gets even more bizarre with that music!<br />However it features one of the hottest girls of the 70's, Britt Ekland. Look at that erotic phone call made by Caine! Look also for "The Avengers" first season star Ian Hendry.<br />Overall, a tough and almost mean mov that is not for all tastes.
first off i do not care for micheal caine second he is no action star the movie seemed long and boring at most parts my favorite part in the whole movie was the end i know by writng this i am making alot of people mad cult classic no
I had little patience with this movie because I thought I was going to see a bit of England.  That's because I didn't know there were two versions both starring or co-starring Michael Caine.  Consequently, as far as I could see it was inexplicably about Americans (apart from Michael Caine), Americans talking to other Americans and driving on the American side of the road with American stop signs.  Why, I thought, would they do that in England, and where were the British scenes?  Finally I realised that I was dealing with a re-make and one perhaps not as good as the original.<br /><br />Apart from that it was violent and boring.  People smoking cigarettes, indulging in small talk with no brilliance, beating people up, driving recklessly and getting bloodied.  I don't get it. I need to see the 1971 one, unless the script is the same of course.  No actor can, I fear, do much for the plot and dialogue I sampled.
Bought the DVD with high hopes after reading so many positive reviews....boy, was that a mistake.  Quite a few viewers gave this movie high marks - Why? It wasn't the plot, the acting, the star studded cast, grandiose scenes or special effects....because this movie has little of that. What this movie has is gratuitous nude scenes, a very difficult story line to follow and is just plain hard on the eyes. After having seen the remake of this movie first w/S.Stallone, I wanted the original w/M.Caine to succeed. If you MUST see it, this is one you borrow - not buy. You're going to be disappointed.
I don't understand it at all. This movie has been universal lauded by critics and the general public alike as a quality film. Well, I think each and every one of these people owe me an apology. This movie is terrible. There is no other way to describe it. <p>The plot is paper-thin, the flow is stagnant, the characters are weak. The British seem to have a template for making serious-minded crime drama : Get a brooding lead, throw in a bunch of &quot;colorful&quot; characters that pop up to reveal key plot points, play some jazz improv on the soundtrack and film it as a still life. The whole movie is michael caine asking questions about who killed his brother to a different person each scene. Just plain boring. I'm not sure if I'm watching a portrait or a movie! <p>It's supposed to be about crime, right? So where are the insider secrets? Where are the tricks of the trade? These things are inherent to all crime films - I want to see detail...Carter could be a investment banker: you can't tell because he never does anything!<p>To make a long review short, if you like plot movement or interesting characters or, I don't know, movies in general, then don't rent or buy this &quot;film&quot;. You'll suffer through each scene wondering if this is the scene where it gets better only to discover that they all ... <p>It's cinema improv born of the sexual revolution and the 70s. It has something to say but nothing to show on all level.
gritty, though it is, this movie is very boring.  caine turns in an ok performance, but the only saving grace of the movie is some quite beautiful nude girls.  other than that, nothing else worth mentioning.  stick with the godfather if you want a good crime movie
