This film is one of the two best Samurai films of  all time, the other being Kurosawa's SEVEN  SAMURAI.  CHUSHINGURA (&quot;loyalty&quot;) is based on a  real incident in 18th century Japan, wherein 47  loyal  retainers of a disgraced lord take a vow of  vengeance on the corrupt  nobleman who caused his  downfall and death.  The story is timeless, the  acting is uniformly magnificent, the camera work  is so gorgeous that any  frame of this film could  be hung in an art gallery, and the music is  exciting and heart-lifting.  It's a complex plot,  following many separate  individuals as their  vengeance unfolds, so first-time viewers may get  confused.  No matter -- it all comes together at  the end.  Watch for the  late great Toshiro Mifune  in a cameo role as a Master Spearman who becomes  drinking buddies with one of the 47, and who  takes it upon himself to  hold off the cops in the  final showdown so that his pal and the other 46  won't be interrupted before they can find and  behead the bad guy and  fulfill their vow.  I have  watched this movie many, many times, and I  always  find something new and wonderful in it.  Now that  it's FINALLY  available on video, don't miss it!!
Despite the film's division into two parts, I think the Chushingura is best understood as a complicated story told in three acts.<p>The first act, culminating in the seppuku of Lord Asano, details the conflict between the young lord and Kira, the Shogun's master of ceremonies, and is, in my opinion, the most interesting as it unfolds logically, tragically, and inevitably towards the spilling of blood in the Shogun's castle.  Asano and Kira, at least in this stage of the film, are fully realized and three-dimensional characters, and their conflict can be understood on several levels: idealism versus pragmatism; rural versus urban; and, most centrally, a conflict between different conceptions of honor.  Kira is slighted because Asano won't show him the deference he feels he deserves, and Asano cannot accept Kira's attempt to teach him a lesson without fatally wounding his pride.  The characters feel real because the situation is developed so carefully, and we as viewers understand why the principal actors behave as they do.<p>I think the movie bogs down a bit in the second act where the retainers of Asana plot their revenge on Kira.  I also feel it is at this point that those unfamiliar with this story may find it difficult to follow the plot.  Like the assassination of Thomas Becket in 12th century England, the story of the 47 loyal retainers has left the historian with not only a wealth of primary documents but also of contemporary analysis of exactly how the events were interpreted.  Whereas Becket's murder resonated because of the changing perceptions of the limits of temporal power in medieval Europe, the 47 ronin reflect the changing nature of samurai honor following the pacification of Japan under the Tokugawa shogunate.  Unfortunately, the movie does little to clarify the issues involved despite a three and half hour presentation.  The historical Oishi, for instance, worked patiently behind the scenes for years to restore the clan's honor and holdings under the leadership of Asano's younger brother whereas Horibe represented the more radical view that the ronin owed personal allegiance only to their dead lord.  In the movie, by contrast, Oishi makes reference to restoring the clan and questions Asano's judgment at the castle, but it is absolutely unclear in the context of the film whether this represents his true beliefs or is simply part of the feint to divert attention from the plot to kill Kira.  It is, in fact, hard to ever discern exactly what Oishi is planning, even in hindsight.  Horibe, as the leader of the other wing of the retainers, fairs worse, emerging only as Toshiro Mifune's drinking buddy (Mifune, though always enjoyable to watch, is largely wasted in a sub-plot that is completely superfluous to the story).  I don't expect complete historical fidelity, but I do expect the events to develop coherently and to address the main issues of the story.  I'm not saying that it is a complete mess, just that it is hard to follow at times, and it is not always clear what motivates the characters, and, as film usually does, some of the subtleties of the real events are lost.<p>Thankfully, the exciting and famous battle in the snow largely redeems any momentary flagging of interest.  My only quibble is that Kira has degenerated by this point into an absolute caricature of his previous self, becoming the embodiment of the man without honor.  I suspect this is incorporated less from history and more from the popularizations of this story, e.g., the various kabuki stagings.<p>Others have spoken of the beautiful visuals, so I won't belabor the point.  Suffice it to say this alone is a good reason to watch this film.  Others have also spoken of the slow pace.  This is also true, and if you demand a tight focus in your movies, this one probably isn't for you.
Based on actual events, the story of the loyal 47 ronin is probably the most dramatized story in Japanese theatrical tradition. Appearing originally as a bunraku puppet play, it was soon followed by a fantastically successful Kabuki adaptations and more than eight cinematic versions.  Its enduring popularity is based on the core Japanese values it represents; loyalty to a superior, at the cost of all things including life, love and personal happiness.  Like the Western King Arthur and Robin Hood, the 47 ronin have passed from history to legend.<br /><br />This version, "Chushingura" (Full Japanese title is "Chushingura: Hana no maki yuki no maki,") is a sprawling 3 hour epic from the Japanese master of legendary films.  Director Hiroshi Inagaki, probably best known in the West for his 3-film Miyamoto Musashi masterpiece "Samurai I,II and III," brings his unique eye to the familiar story, blending a quiet human touch into the massive picture.  He has assembled the all-stars of the Japanese chambara ("swordfight") genre.  Tatsuya Mihashi ("Tora Tora Tora,") Takashi Shimura ("Seven Samurai,") Yuzo Kayama ("Red Beard") and of course Toshiro Mifune ("Seven Samurai," "Yojimbo," too many films to mention...), each name on the roster is one of the best, each with at lease on Kurosawa-credit on their resume, if not more.<br /><br />The story unfolds at a long, dense pace, leaving you wondering along the way which of Lord Asano's 60-plus samurai will remain loyal, and which will give into fear.  By no means is this an action film, but a didactic tale stuffed with politics and the disintegrating nature of modernization and the loss of traditional morality and ethics.  However, the film is a long slow fuse, building to the dynamite that is the rightful vengeance of the loyal 47.  The final battle in the snow is a beautiful ballet of swords and blood.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the DVD does not live up to the promise of the movie.  It is a bare bones disk, with a decent widescreen presentation and nothing else.  Due to the historical and important nature of "Chushingura," there is room for so much more.  However, beggars can't be choosers, and having the movie alone is a treat.  Maybe someday a better release will come along, but until then it is enough to watch the unfolding drama of 47 men willing to die for what they believe in.
Chusingura (the 47 Ronin) is a tale that is as popular in Japan -and as often produced - as The Christmas Carol is in the U.S. - and just as revealing of cultural assumptions about right and wrong. There are many versions, each focusing on one of the "47 masterless Samurai" who refuse to surrender and face disgrace out of loyalty to their master.  The theme (and story) will be familiar because it's been reworked many times ranging from Gilbert and Sullivan's "Mikado" to "From Here to Eternity."<p>If you want to gain insight into the Japanese concept of loyalty and the price of honor above all else this is the one movie you should not miss.<p>The color photgraphy and scene settings are well done and sound is excellent;  the acting is also very good and does not lean heavily on over-emoting that is the sometimes "norm" for Japanese films.  Sub-titles are a little light, but easy enough to see and this is one of the more accessible versions (many are not available to Western audiences as more recently they tend to be done for annual TV specfials.  You won't need to know the history to follow the story - or get the point.<p>It's a true story of a proud, old fashioned country Samurai who puts the Samurai Code and personal integrity above politics of reality.  He's summoned to the Shogun's castle to do his duty - service to the emperor whole messengers are coming through the territory.  A corrupt court official expects and demands a bribe to tell the Samurai what he must know of intricate protocol and is outraged when our hero refuses to bend.  The official goads him into drawing his sword in the castle - a capital offense, leading to his forced harikiri - suicide.<p>The remainder of the tale - most of it - is about how the 47 loyal retainers face disgrace and contempt, while biding their time until they can avenge their master.  The film has everything: psychological drama, action, passion, greed and pathos - everything in fact that makes life worthwhile.<p>Don't miss this one!
This movie is fantastic! Set in Tokugawa period Japan, it describes a story, which shook Japan in seventeenth century. Young lord Asano (for those, who do not know the history of samurai, the clan of Asano was a prominent clan assisting Tokugawa in his quest for power) coming from very conservative clan is insulted by a corrupt official. In rage he draws the sword in the Shogunal palace - a grave offence punishable by seppuku. He is ordered to commit suicide without a proper investigation of all facts and his counterparty, lord Kira, lives on. Shogunate orders to abolish Asano clan leaving all samurai ronin and several dosens of samurai swear the revenge. By this time private disputes in Japan were to be resolved by the Shogunate. However, the law and the moral contradicted on this point as both Confucian and samurai codes of honour did not allow samurai to live &quot;under the same sky&quot; with lord Kira, who was the cause of their lord's untimely death. The samurai found themselves in conflict of rules of moral and laws and decided to act pursuant to the former.<br />Scenery is beautiful and actors' play is amazing. I keep recalling Oishi's time at the teahouse with children and geishas when he is told of one of the samurai (his former subordinate) committing seppuku. He sheds tears yet he manages to conceal this from others! Another powerful scene is when one of samurai is attacked during the raid but saved by his own son. The old samurai rebukes the son, but then we see that he proudly smiles when his son turns away. In addition, the raid schenes have some good fight scenes as well.<br />As opposed to Holliwood mainstream movies, all feelings in this movie are shown somewhat &quot;indirectly&quot; and every scene has many &quot;sub-contents&quot;. I highly recommend this movie to everyone who is interested in serious cinematography: you will find yourselves wanting to rewatch this movie again and again.
Chushingura is a great film whose subject is the deep difficulties of being an honorable person in Japanese society, where the national dilemma is conflicting obligations. In the film, the central dilemma that Lord  Asano's samurai face is that they have sworn to avenge his death, yet by  doing so they will clearly violate the law of the Shogun they have sworn to  uphold. Other subplots illuminate the same theme--for example, while the  samurai are pretending that they have no plans to attack Kira, one falls in  love with a fearful, insecure woman. When the time comes for the samurai to  gather, she will not release him. Unable to meet both obligations, suicide  becomes his honorable solution. Another samurai, far too sick to travel,  dies in a valiant effort to reach the rendezvous. The samurai who races  from the Shogun's palace back to Asano's fiefdom with the news of his death  is carried in a litter. Running through the mountains, the bearers  accidentally strike and kill an elderly woman. When her family of low  rustics come to the samurai to demand justice, he acknowledges that even  they can expect his honor and commits suicide. Oishi, the leader of the  samurai, cannot tell Asano's wife the truth about the plan to avenge him  for fear of revealing it to a spy, and he must leave her house in apparent  shame. He sends her a letter at the time of the attack on Kira to explain.  She is left mortified that she doubted his loyalty.<p>In one way this is  all a mystery to a modern American. Yet there is a profound appeal in the  idea of such pure dedication and love. Who among us is willing to die for  an ideal? At least we can appreciate why this story has been made into  dozens of plays, stories, poems and films--it is at the heart of Japanese  identity. <p>Chushingura is well worth seeing just for the treasures of  Japanese art you are unlikely to ever find in any museum. Toho Films made  this version in honor of their 50th anniversary, and they filmed inside  magnificent palaces and castles. Gorgeous rooms, screens, kimonos, wall  paintings, uniforms--the finest art of 18th-century Japan--makes it hard to  concentrate on the story the first time you see the film.
I first saw this film in the 60's in a small theater over 3 hours with one intermission.  I never left my seat, in fact I started out sitting in the aisle at the back because the theater was full.<p>The photography is gorgeous with brilliant winter scenes backing up intense sword fights in which you aren't sure what happened until someone keels over dead.<p>Political betrayal is revenged while honor ultimately prevails. You are immersed in the feudal Japanese world and yet reminded of much the same thing happening today.<p>Definitely worth seeing and buying once you've seen it.
This is one of the best movies about samurais anywhere and provides a masterful telling of the 47 ronin story.  It is a shame that the dvd picture quality does not do the movie justice.  The movie deserves a good print and this is not it.  You'd think for the price Image Entertainment would do better.
This film is, hands down, one of the best samurai films ever made and cherished by many Japanese. A simple mention of "chushingura" or the "47 retainers" conjures images of snow-swept feudal Edo (Tokyo) and stealthy samurai enacting a long-awaited raid to revenge their deceased master.<br /><br />The plot revolves around an intrigue at the shogun's court. A venal official named Kira uses his position to extort money from the visiting daimyo, or feudal lords.<br /><br />One feudal lord, Asano, citing the samurai code, proudly refuses to pay Kira. A scuffle erupts. In the fight's aftermath, Asano is forced to commit suicide for disgracing the court.<br /><br />The scene then shifts to Asano's home, where his loyal samurai hatch a plan to kill Kira.<br /><br />Their plot unfurls over years - years in which their are laughs, deceptions and romances. But beneath the trifles and within the heart of each of the 47 sworn samurai lies a deadly fighting spirit preparing, concealing and mustering a coup that will rock all of Japan.<br /><br />This film rises to the top of the stack of Japanese films for three reasons: 1) sophisticated theme, 2) authenticity and 3) a strange sense of surrealism (surreal music, surreal timing and the quality of restraint and mystery central to Japanese culture).<br /><br />The film's lavish widescreen format, muted colors, visual beauty and striking soundtrack all make this a definitive version of the classic tale.<br /><br />The movie lasts over three hours, and that may be much for someone not intrigued by Japan's past or the samurai code. But for ambitious film fans with such interests, I recomend it wholeheartedly.
When it comes to Chushingura (this version), I've read a few things.  First, this is from all accounts a very, very good movie (maybe even great).  It may be long, and not exactly fast paced, but it is a very well made movie from every comment I've come across.<br /><br />Second, and this is the most important part as related to the DVD, the transfer and mastering job that Image did on this release is terrible.  It's non-anamorphic, and non-progressive (so the interlaced scan lines are prominently seen when there is motion on screen).  There are other gripes about the transfer as well, but those two are the big ones.<br /><br />Ten years after the release of this DVD it's time for a Special Edition - with a reworked anamorphic, progressive transfer.  Whether Image does it themselves, or they sell the rights to someone else (or just let them lapse so Criterion can pick them up), this movie deserves MUCH better treatment than it got here.<br /><br />I'll buy it as soon as a better DVD is released.
"Chushingura," which translates into the word loyalty, is a different kind of samurai film. First, and foremost, it is mainly a drama that unfolds into two parts. Directed by Hiroshi Inagaki, the films deals primarily with loyalty. And in specific, loyalty to ones Lord. In Part I, titled "Blossoms" the viewer is introduced to the films first protagonist  named Lord Asano (Yuzo Kayami). Lord Asano is an honorable man, however, during the Tokugawa era, bribery and corruption were part and parcel of the function of the state. Which introduces us to the films antagonist, Lord Kira (Chusha Ichikawa). Lord Asano belongs to those class of samurai who do not believe in the giving of gifts for advancement. However, there are others within the state which believe it is their right to claim gifts as a right of one position that permeated the state of affairs in the Tokugawa era.<br /><br />Therefore, this will lead to a confrontation between Lord Asano and Lord Kira. It was forbidden to draw ones sword in the Shoguns castle, and when Lord Asano does so due to the egging of Lord Kira, he will be forced to commit Seppuku (ritual suicide). But more importantly, his clan will be dissolved and his vassals will become ronin (Masterless Samurai). It is here that loyalty is the heart of this films narrative. On the cover of the DVD, one can see the portrait of actor Toshiro Mifune, who portrays the character Tawaraboshi, who excels in the use of the lance. However, his part in the film, although important, is very small, as is that of the great actor Takashi Shimura. The primary protagonist is aptly portrayed by actor Koshiro Matsumoto, as Lord Asano's Chamberlain. It is at his urging that the clan, which has now been dissolved, set into motion plans to kill Lord Kira, whom they believe was the fault for their Lord's death and their clans demise. I really liked his character in the film quite a bit, and believe his performance carried the film. As well as the degenerate and deceitful character of Lord Kira (Chusha Ichikawa)<br /><br />As I mentioned in the beginning, the film falls into two parts. Part I titled BLOSSOMS and Part II titled SNOW. The film is very long, and it is more of a drama, in which the climax of the film is where ALL of the action is. However, I do like this film quite a lot. The film requires patience, and while it does drag in the middle part, CHUSHINGURA is nonetheless a film that you might want to add to you cinema collection. The cinematography of this 1962 classic is stellar, as the visuals only add to the beauty of this particular film. And once again, this is more of a drama based Samurai film, with more political intrigue of how the 47 ronin are setting into motion the events which will manifest itself in the ending. This is an excellent film, in which the DVD needs to be redone befitting this truly great samurai film.<br /><br />The story of the legendary 47 loyal samurai, who are now masterless [ronin] due to the treachery which led to their master Lord Asano's ritual suicide during the Tokugawa era is well known in Japan. The films story progresses in different phases showing the confrontation and differences between Lord Asano and Kira. Further, after Asano's death, and time begins to elapse, these 47 ronin set out to avenge their former masters death. Part of their code of honor. The film at times seems long, however it is rich in its thematic structure and the cinematography is beautiful. Plus the viewer is able to follow how the pacification of Japan, in contrast to the samurai code of honor during the Tokugawa shogunate altered the status of the samurai. Times were changing, yet the samurai had a code which was at odds with these changing times. The intense and famous battle in the snow is very good. As I wrote in the beginning, the film is great, however, the DVD does need an upgrade. It is well worth the purchase. Rent it first to see if it appeals to you. I found the film highly enjoyable and a welcome addition to my film library. Highly recommended. [Stars: 4.5]
If you live long enough to see the opening sequence of &quot;47 Ronin&quot;, you may die happy: for you  have witnessed the greatness of the motion picture form as pure art. Some say that if nothing  survived of  the life and teaching of Christ but the &quot;Sermon on the Mount&quot;, we  would still be  able to grasp the gist of his message. So it is with  &quot;47 Ronin&quot; and motion pictures: if you only  ever see the first  ten minutes of this flick and never see another movie for the rest of your  life,  you will be in a position to understand the limitations and  advantages of cinema as art. On the  surface, the morality play carries  some wonderful, solid truths about loyalty. But what lies  underneath the  surface, and trusted to the care of the viewer's own sensibility, is  something  more precious: a bit of life, depicted in its glory and misery,  through Mizoguchi's iris.
Chushingura is not for the casual viewer of Japanese film. Directed by Inagaki (who did the Samurai Trilogy aka Musashi), the film is not only slow-paced but almost impenetrably dense... and neither of those adjectives is a complaint. The original bunraku (puppet) and Kabuki versions are 8 hours long, I think, and Inagaki tries to condense that into 3.5 hours. I'm not sure he succeeds, and even if he did, Western audiences are at a huge disadvantage, because the story is as familiar to Japanese audiences as the Nativity is to the average Westerner, so a few sentences can reference an entire sequence of events.<br /><br />For Westerners, the other problem will be that the focus is on the story, at the expense of individual characters. Kurosawa is much more Western in his characterizations. We get a strong sense of the individual in his films, whether it's Sanjuro (Mifune's ronin in Yojimbo) or a rather silly adolescent would-be "gambler" with about two minutes on screen. In Chushingura, we are overwhelmed with unfamiliar actors playing characters who mean almost nothing to us, characters with inner lives we can only presume. There is a point at the end where you will realize that what you thought was one love story was in fact two, involving four different people with a more than casual resemblance to each other. A major character (Sampei) appears almost as a background figure four or five times before we grasp his importance. Another major character simply disappears from the plot, his story unfinished. Toshiro Mifune's role is a source of total puzzlement until he takes a unique role in the last battle.<br /><br />That said, the movie is a visual delight. The colors are breathtaking; the rendering of feudal Japanese values is lucid, and the climactic battle has some of the best swordplay I've ever seen. A nameless samurai appears once in the film, for about five minutes of fighting that suggests he may have been the equal of the incomparable Musashi. Like The Samurai Trilogy (and the Yoshikawa novel it's based on), this film is uncompromisingly Japanese. It is not a great film, but a very good one, and a unique experience.
Hiroshi Inagaki let his success as a tour guide smother his instincts as a story teller in this "epic" account of feudal Japan. I saw it decades ago, and I vaguely recall being impressed by its scope and even more by the 'samurai aesthetic' it depicted. It may even have influenced my decision to study Japanese and live in Japan for a year. It certainly covered the ground: calligraphy, koto, cherry blossoms, kyogen and noh theater, Zen gardening, ceramics, paulonia woodwork, screen and scroll painting, etc etc. But it also Disneylanded Japanese history and culture shamelessly, and it featured a "western" sound track so tacky that I winced at not remembering how awful it was. My memory was faulty, however, in a more embarrasing fashion: I remembered Chushingura as a work by Akira Kurosawa, and initially reviewed it as such. I must have been making coffee when the titles and credits were shown.<br /><br />As theater, Chushingura isn't close to the level of Kurosawa's black-and-white samurai masterpieces - Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Seven Samurai - or to Kobayashi's Harakiri. In fact, I was mildly disappointed, watching it again after so many years. I had just toured through the "Miyamoto Musashi" exhibit at the wonderful Asian Arts Museum in San Francisco. My old fascination with Japan was rekindled and I rented Chushingura. That exhibit is merely a 'teaser' for the rest of the collection, which is worth a trip to SF in itself.
Not much more to say.  New in box.  Arrived on time and undamaged.<br /><br />What more can one ask for of an online purchase?
Inagaki's &quot;Chushingura&quot; was easily the most expensive version of a very popular and well-known epic in Japan.  There had been several versions on film, the best directed by Furuda in 1959 (never seen outside  Japan).  Inagaki was an old favorite among Japanese critics, having  directed the trilogy of Musashi Miyamoto, known herebaouts as the  &quot;Samurai&quot; trilogy with Mifune.  He was coventional, lacking in  all but the most rudimentary visual imagination, and yet he was safe enough  to invest a huge (for the time) budget, with the biggest box-office star of  his day, Yuzo Kayama, in the making of what has become the most popular  version of the ancient Japanese legend of the 47 Ronin.  It is excellent as  &quot;chambara&quot; (sword-film), but severely lacking in every other  area.  The action scenes, which always had the advantage of grandeur when  compared to a simple Western gunfight, carry the film.  But the emphasis on  ritual, on character development, and on fidelity to the details of the  legend, make the film seem rather stodgy.
A 1963 Japanese film whose title translates into "Loyalty," this movie accounts the famous Japanese legend of 47 ronin who avenge their master who was tricked into committing seppukku for striking a spiteful superior. It is definitely a great tale to show on film, but unfortunately the delivery here is lacking.<br /><br />I enjoy how every time I read reviews for this film it is called a "deliberately paced drama." This seems to me an apologetic response to the film's incredible and slow-moving running time. It runs at about 206 minutes (that's about three and a half hours) and you feel every minute of it. It's not that I don't like long movies - I loved "Seven Samurai" (which runs almost three hours) and the Civil War epic "Gettysburg." (which runs a whopping 261 minutes, or just about four and a half hours) It's just that this movie runs so incredibly slow it actually gets painful. You lose all track of time. There is so much build-up to moments where nothing happens, and so everything feels wasted. For example, there's a long part where the samurai argue over whether they should give up their castle willingly or fight it out. After deliberations and scenes that make you think they're hiding something, they just give up. Imagine the pain you felt in the last ten minutes of "The Return of the King" and stretch it out for three hours, and you'll know how I felt.<br /><br />And before any one accuses me of anything, it wasn't because there was very little action until the end. I don't mind sitting for hours watching character development or a great storyline with no sword being drawn or gun being fired, but even here the film drags. There are ridiculous romantic subplots that serve no purpose and are too cliche to be enjoyed, while other times you're waiting thirty minutes just for a character to make a decision about themselves. Apparently they wanted to develop every single one of the 47 ronin, which gives this film the same pain I felt in most Robert Altman movies.<br /><br />I hate to say it, but this became one of the few movies that became a simple chore to watch. I had to force myself until finally I could no longer stand it, and had to take breaks. A lot of times I've said films were worth watching at least once, but here I don't think I could even stand the single viewing. I couldn't understand why the film was so glorified, as its pacing was incredibly plodding and the overall delivery just average. For me, it's quickly been put into the category of films that will boggle the mind of the casual film viewer but be well defended by critics who accuse other people of not getting the "art."
Here is an exquisite spectacle that embodies the spirit of bushido, newly released in stunning brilliance on DVD.  For three hours, the Western viewer is swept to another time and place, one as strange yet vivid as anything imagined in science fiction or fantasy.  If I was forced to make a shallow comparison, it might be to John Wayne's &quot;The Alamo&quot; for its evocation of heroic self-sacrifice and in its attempt to humanize sweeping historical events.  But Chushingura is far more accomplished and less prone to theatrical bravado.  The 47 loyal samurai are bound by duty and devotion, not patriotic fervor.  They have no hope for personal survival, but accept their fate calmly and without flowery speechifying.  In this lavishly produced movie, they live again -- stalwart and thoughtful, furious and fleeting.  A profoundly engaging work that speaks to the core of the traditional Japanese martial spirit.
