When you've had enough Heads Up 7-UP and you're 5 minutes early to go to lunch or to leave at the end of the day just pop in Schoolhouse Rocks! I use the DVD when we finish a lesson a little early and there is not enough time to start another one.<br /><br />It's kind of funny when the kids (2nd grade) randomly break into song on the way out of the building in the afternoon... The favorites this year were 3 is a Magic Number, The Preamble, My Hero Zero, and in the last weeks of school Conjunction Junction
I bought this for my grandson who is 5 so some of this is for kids older but he has enjoyed parts.  I think he will get much more out of it when he is a little older.  I do recommend it as a learning tool.
My kids in Kindergarten and 2nd Grade  love the video.  They are already humming the tunes.  It is a good idea to start them early!
I bought this several years ago for my sister at Christmas, and heard it was fine.  But just reading the list of videos that are on this tape, I see them flash right before my eyes. Therefore, I feel perfectly qualified to review this product for you.  I don't quite know what I would have done without Schoolhouse Rock.  Well, maybe not Grammar Rock, although those were some of my favorites ("Conjunction Junction, what's your function?").  But I know that when I come up against a problem in my adult life that forces me to multiply an odd combination,  like 13 and 7, I immediately go back to a skater telling me "Now here's a chance to brush up on your new math tricks, 'cause 8 times 12 is the same as 10 times 8 plus 2 times 8...80 plus 16, 96!"  And when the MSM has me totally discombobulated about what's happening with the law that was supposed to be passed last year about the Hossenpfeffers not killing off the Bellywhackers, suddenly I find myself singing to myself "I'm just a bill, yes I'm only a bill..." and I remember the process.  And how long it can take!  (Now, you have to understand, teachers for babyboomers took special classes on how to make history and civics as boring as possible.  So Schoolhouse Rock and Little House on the Prairie were our only exposure to what our past was like.  Accurate or not.)<br /><br />These videos are timeless.  All kids can benefit from learning about multiplication and grammar.  All kids in the US can benefit from learning about incidents in history such as when women got the vote ("Oh we were sufferin', until suffer-age!") and the signing of the Declaration of Independence; as well as how our tripartate system of government works. Whether you buy "The Best of Schoolhouse Rock!-30th Anniversary Ed." for your kids, or just to reminisce, I think you will enjoy it.
I had a friend that I used to work with who was from India and was trying to get her citizenship.  As a requirement she was to recite the Preamble.  At that time Schoolhouse Rock wasn't on any longer and the tapes had not come out. (Early to mid-ninties.)  I was wishing that SHR was available to her. I told her all about it and was singing the Preamble to her ala SHR.  I don't know how much it helped her but it sure made me feel good.  She passed with flying colors!  I've lost touch with her but if I ever hear from her again, she's getting a copy as a gift.<br /><br />This is Innovation at it's best as far as education is concerned.  People in the early 50's used to say "Nothing good can come from Rock and Roll".  Well some of the great minds that are running this country and the younger ones out there now can probably sing every single word of "Lolly, lolly, lolly get your adverbs here!"  and put it to good use.<br /><br />"HAIL, HAIL ROCK & ROLL!"
I could not believe they finally released this gem on DVD.  Schoolhouse Rock was the greatest thing ever to happen to Saturday mornings.  I do not think there is any child born after 1970 who did not learn from this.  Very rare is the product that educates+entertains at the same time.  I learned about our country's beginning through "No More King"+"Shot heard round the World"+the Solar System from "Interplanet Janet".  My personal favorites are "Preamble"+"Interjections".  Along with Sesame Street+Mr.Rogers this was probably the most influential program for my Genereation.  Parents of today have been given a great gift for thier own children.  Schoolhouse Rock Rocks!!!
My daughter is very bright but had trouble learning her multiplication tables. I tried everything, including hiring a tutor, but she still had trouble and was sad and frustrated. After a while I remembered that back in the 70s I had learned the multiplication tables myself on Saturday mornings watching Schoolhouse Rock! I was so excited to learn that there was a DVD available featuring the same excellent songs I had learned from as a child. Multiplication Rock did the trick! My daughter learned the multiplication tables backwards and forwards by watching the DVD every day for about a month, and I didn't have to nag her to study!
I'm too old to have experienced School House Rock as a kid, but I'm familiar with much of the clever creative music as a result of attending many Bob Dorough gigs in the past couple decades. This material is fun, entertaining and educational, "dated" or not. Bob is the musician composer behind those amazing catchy and intelligent songs.<br /><br />In promo material for the Disney production, I saw not a single mention of Bob Dorough (although his name appears on the sidebar promos for other branded Schoolhouse Rock DVD's on the web site). So let me just say that Mr. Dorough deserves prominent billing as a key contributor to the core content, and the success, of the show. His name should be included in the promo material.<br /><br />BTW, Bob is an amazing and unique jazz musician who is still performing and making great music well into his 80's; singing energetically (an understatement) while playing piano at the same time. Very difficult at any age. Bob still does it in uplifting and inimitable fashion.<br /><br />Find him on the Internet, and see/hear him if you can. Bob Dorough is one of a kind.<br /><br />And oh, by the way: get the School House Rock thing for a lasting taste of how good music can support essential learning.
I am satisfied with this material, as a teacher.  My huge complaint is that there are too many advertisements at the beginning of the DVD that you are forced to click through, which is very time consuming. Teachers don't have time.  Teachers don't have a lot of money either.  So, to purchase a product with advertisements is disconcerting.  We purchase DVDs for the material.  We shouldn't be paying to be forced to click through advertisements.
...and we're so happy!"<p>This DVD is a lot of fun.  Being a 30 something myself, I grew up watching these on Saturday mornings.  It's fun to review them now and to watch my son enjoying them as well.  It's great family fun and education!
Great. A little difficult to navigate the selections to get to the title you want, but nostalgic and fun...
Too many of our youth in high school haven't heard of anything on this CD. If something works don't fix it. This has been the greatest way to explain anything from a Senate bill to an adjective.
We love Schoolhouse Rock.  I have a 7 year old, a 5 year old and a 2 year old and we all love to sing along to the educational songs.  It has opened conversation between the big girls and me about parts of speech, math and American history.  We love it!
I bought this set because it reminded me of my childhood. I played it for my kids and they loved it as much as I did. The animation isn't as crystal clear as what is produced today, but it's fun and lively and educational.<br /><br />And if you aren't careful, you'll be humming parts of it all day long at work....<br /><br />"Interplanet Janet, she's a galaxy girl...."
i enjoyed watching these fun and entertaining cartoons. brought back so many memories. i bought this for my granddaughter. she will enjoy it as much as i did growing up and as an adult also!
I grew up with these as a kid and now I can share ALL of them with my children.  Some clips are a little dated but on the whole this is more fun than I even remembered.  In the age of Sponge Bob and Bratz it is nice to see that children can be engaged by even complicated concepts if they are delivered in clever and imaginative ways.  You'll be humming the songs for days.
This is a great DVD to enhance your child's understanding of concepts learned at school.  However, I don't recommend sitting down and watching it all the way through like a regular movie.  Not knowing this, we sat down to watch the 'movie' after receiving the DVD.  After several 'lessons', we felt a bit bombarded!  It would be much better to only watch 2 or 3 target lessons,discussing concepts during or after.
I bought this for my 4 year old son and the whole family loves it.  We watch it together and sing the songs.  My son has several favorites that we actually enjoy watching over and over.  It brings back all kinds of childhood memories for me and my husband.  You have to actually stop and read the options in the menu.  You can "play all", its called "the whole enchilada".  You can also play all the top 10, you just have to choose each from the juke box.  We usually choose the whole enchilada, then my son can skip ahead or go back and play his favorites again.  The lessons are in the words, kids just have to stop and pay attention to what they are singing.
I purchased this for myself when it was released and again for a friend at work. My children love it so much that some of the songs on the DVD are scratched up, so I purchased another one to stay in the wrapper until they are old enough not to scratch it again.  My son is 5 and his favorite songs are "Body Machine" and "Electricity" but he likes to watch them all.  My daughter is 3 and her favorite is "Conjunction Junction".  This is one of the best entertainers for young children and "Wow!" they actually are learning something.  I don't know about any other states, but they are no longer teaching parts of speech here so this is a great tool for teaching those and other school fundamentals. Tell me again why they took this off of television?
This series of short videos is a great tool for parents to teach their kids various topics, English/Grammar, Math, How our form of Government (should) work, and History.  I remember it well!
Finally, every one of the Schoolhouse Rock -- as well as a few I don't remember.
This is a good video for kids.  It worked for me along time ago.  I learned the preamble from this video and to this day if I need to recite the preamble I sing it.  Not only the preamble, you learn spanish, bill to a law, conjunctions.... this video is timeless.<br /><br />If you have kids get this for them, makes at least the basics for 5 subjects in school easier for them.
Oh my gosh, does this bring back memories.  I had the VHS tapes for a long time, and when they came out I played them down to shreds. I was so happy to see the DVD edition.  Being in my early 40s, I was just the right age for Schoolhouse Rock, and I remember that sometimes I watched Saturday morning cartoons more for Schoolhouse Rock than the cartoons.  Favs?  Interjections, Adjectives, Interplanet Janet, Figure Eight and my all-time fav: The Preamble to the Constitution. Believe it or not it actually helped me out on the History Regents in high school. I was the only one who knew the Preamble!  Seriously, for all you out there my age, buy this just for the nostalgia. For those of you with children, buy these for your little ones.  Just don't blame me if the kids sing Lolly Lolly Lolly Get Your Adverbs here for weeks after watching. (Pssst, I know you're singing too)
Awesome collection of all the videos and then some!!!  I use this to assist my teaching in Science, Social Studies and Language Literacy.  The kids remember the catchy tunes that I learned from 30 years ago!!
Wonderful childhood memories...I remember watching these same stories/songs on Saturday morning and then singing until my family was annoyed enough to ask me to stop! I remember learning "I am just a bill" and some of the content actually helped me pass my government class- gotta love that!<br /><br /> I love this DVD and would recommend it highly!
What a great time I have watching this dvd. I have flashbacks of Saturday morning cartoons.  Anyway, my kids love it and have learned a lot and don't even know they are learning.  I think it is set up great.  You can play them all or you can pick and choose which you would like to watch.  I can go right to the shows without having to go through any advertisements.  My 8 and 5 year olds love it.
I was teaching an SAT class this summer for high school students at a local college. Too many hours in too few weeks and they were struggling to focus. I needed something that was related to the grammar and numbers we were talking about that would break up the action and give us something to talk about. Schoolhouse Rock fit the bill! "Conjunction Junction", "I'm Just a Bill", "Interjections", and "Three is a Magic Number" helped me get through my class while making sure that they were focused enough to learn needed material.<br /><br />Not all of the newer episodes match the classic status of Grammar Rock, Multiplication Rock, and Science Rock but this collection is still priceless. Only $13.99??? This one is a steal, a rare case of classic television at an affordable price.<br /><br />10 stars!
I grew up knowing most songs from Schoolhouse Rock.  This DVD really brings back memories.  And more importantly, the lessons that are learned by the end of each song are way cool.<br /><br />Perhaps I am stuck back in my childhood days; but I am looking forward to sharing this with my 1 1/2 year old daughter.  Each song has a way with sneaking in something educational without the child realizing the true value.  Before you know it, your kid is singing along and saying "Hey! This is taught in school."
You know the tunes.  They helped you learned the definition of a noun, the appropriate interjection to use when you're happy, and the process of becoming a bill on Capital Hill!  Wasn't it great being a kid in the late 70's?!  Ah, the good ol' days when WE were kids...!<br /><br />This collection is on two discs (our family uses the first disc the most, which contains all of the songs).  It has been such a delight singing along and reliving some of the fun moments had while watching Saturday morning cartoons.  The tracks can be played according to topic (history, mathematics, grammar, etc), shuffled, or from top to tail.  There is even an a fun trivia game and puzzle, and a sort of BEHIND THE MUSIC history of Schoolhouse Rock.<br /><br />Of course, the tunes and animations appeal to today's kids, making this a great gift for child and adult, alike.
The reason people read a review is usually to help decide whether to buy a product.  don't waste your time, just buy this disk.  it is simply the best collection of musical animated shorts ever created.  the melodies, lyrics and images are so clever, profound and yet enjoyably simple that they will awe you with their beauty.  for those of us who enjoyed schoolhouse rock in our chilhood, every song will spark a fond memory.  for those who haven't had the pleasure (unfortunately, and to the great detriment of the current generation, schoolhouse rock seems to have been shoved aside by such puerile revenue generators as hawking merchandising spinoffs from the latest pop culture garbage trend), you will be amazed at the quality, catchiness and intelligence of these productions.<p>when i got the disk, i picked the american series and was immediately enraptured by "no more kings".  its a beautiful, clever and funny encapsulation of our rebellion from british rule.  kids will love it for the funny scens, adults will appreciate the content, and everyone will like the music.  i couldn't help but marvel how much better it was than the random quicks we've been playing for our child.  and this was only the first song of one of the many different groups!  the series covers grammar (it's still the way i remember parts of speech), multiplication tables, american governmental principles, science and money.  schoolhouse rock won an emmy in 1978 and it probably deserved a few more - it is truly in a class by itself.
I have been using the School House Rock series for five years in a multi-grade upper elementary class in bush Alaska.  I still hear former students humming the tunes from "Conjuction Junction" to "Three is a Magic Number" in other classrooms.  This series may appear dated to some but, students in the elementary grades hum right along with the music and will watch the video over and over again.  The Grammar Rock video still teaches the basic parts of speech to students and I am still discovering things about the parts of speech to use in daily language instruction.  The segments are short enough to be used by themselves for mini-lessons.  The only complaint from the students is on the Multiplication Rock video about the number 8.  They think this segment is too slow and boring.  However, they do laugh at 'Mr. Twelve Toes'.  The Science and Social Studies videos in this series still hold the students' attention and provide an entertaining way for students to learn about government and elementary science.  It is a good set to have handy for a rainy day activity.
I was excited to get the 30th edition of the Schoolhouse Rock songs.  I remembered them fondly from my childhood.  So, I just knew my almost 9 y/o son would love it.  When we first played it, he was less than thrilled.  His first reaction to things is generally like that.  However, he has played the songs numerous times and I often find him dancing around the house while singing them.  An even bigger hit with him are the trivia games on one of the DVDs.  He'll work on those for hours if I let him.  I think learning, for the most part, should be fun.  Schoolhouse Rock fits that bill!
I also grew up on Schoolhouse Rock.  I was more looking forward to the Schoolhouse Rock segments than the other cartoons!!  My most memorable thought is big number 30, the football player, on "Three is a magic number" crashing through the wall.  Now that I have sons of my own, I wanted to get them something educational that will teach them math, science, grammer, and history.  I want them to learn about those things without realizing they were learning and have fun doing it.  Schoolhouse Rock is definitely the way to go!!  Thank God the DVD is finally coming out with all my favorites on one disk.  "A man and a woman had a little baby, yes they did...."
My 9yr old popped the DVD right in when it arrived. She's heard all my stories about how much I felt I'd learned with the help of Schoolhouse Rock. We watched and sang together. I think she got a kick out of it. Some of my favorites were totally left out! The 9's and 7's - 6's... were not in there. I assumed that since it was an anniversary editions that they wouldn't leave anything out. I was disappointed by that.
I always wondered what happened to the episodes of Schoolhouse Rock.  I remember waking up on a Saturday morning and singing along.  Not really knowing that I was learning.  Schoolhouse Rock has been a great learning exprience for myself and my brother and sister.  Even though I have no children of my own, I bought this product for a friend of mine grandson. He is only two years old, she tells me that he already knows that song to Conjunction Junction.  My all time favorite is The Bill.  That song help me pass the constitution in the eight grade.  I had to remember what the bill was for on the test.  Not to Toot my own horn but I aced the test.  So if anyone who isnt entirely convenced in buying this product.  Do so it will help your children out alot.  And the good thing about it is that they wont even know that they are learning until it is to late.
My son is 6 and I bought this for him to help him prep for 1st grade. He loves it and watches it every morning before school. He chooses to watch it over Nickelodeon and CN. After he watches one or two videos, we discuss them and later, we sing them. He has already learned heaps of math, grammar and US history. The latter is important because we live in Japan and I'm trying to see that he learns about his "other" nation. I also want to see him maintain his English as the school system pours more and more Japanese on him. School House Rock achieves all of these goals and more. The 2 disk set is also well-designed, with alot of extra animations. This is a must-have for any school-aged child, and as a GenX-er I never get tired of watching it, either. Solid, show-quality songs. Engaging, funny animation.
This DVD was awesome!! The songs are so fun and yet the kids learn a lot.  My son was so excited because he was able to easily pass his math test by humming a few of the songs!!
"I'm Just a Bill" helped me pass my US Government test a year after ABC dropped the series.  I still know the preamble to the US Constitution in truncated form thanks to "We the People." I'm not sure I would have passed the class without SHR swimming in my back brain.
I ordered this for my neices and nephews, they loved it. Thanks a million. From my understanding my sister said they really enjoyed it. They are going around singing the songs.
An absolute must for anyone with small children. Covers basic math and grammar as well as science and history, all delivered in musical jingles that are easy to remember for children. The only negative about this collection is that for some reason the volume level is extremely low, probably either poorly mastered from the original source or a poor conversion from the original mono broadcast. Even with the poor sound quality this gets four stars, fix the audio and it would get 10 stars.
Whether you are buying this for yourself to reminisce about times gone by or you are going to use it as a teaching tool (I'm using it for both as I'm in my late 30s & grew up on School House Rock), this DVD will not disappoint.
Took me back to the '70's... Saturday mornings on ABC... I have told many people during high school and my working career (and still to this day) that whenever I have to remember the Preamble to the Constitution, I sing from Schoolhouse Rock. I remember having a history exam in H.S. and singing this in my head!<br /><br />Do you remember The Great American Melting Pot? I'm just a Bill? The suffrage movement? 5,10,15,20,25,30...?<br /><br />I think that this was one of the best educational vehicles created to teach diverse material to my generation and beyond. My daughter loves it!
I bought this for my kids seeing how they have no other cartoons like this anymore.  This brought back memories of my own childhood.  Would recommend this for any parent with kids.
This DVD covers a lot of subjects that kids actually learn in school. This is more for 1st to 5th grade. Its very informative so do not expect you can watch everything in one sitting. I just wish they can do more updates and cover a lot more subjects.<br />This is worth it!
Just what I wanted watched it with my daughter and she is already singing the songs I am sure she will learn from this dvd
My husband and I were given this set as a gift when our sons were 4 and 2, and I think we have had more fun with it than the kids have. I remember watching these growing up in the 80s and it's amazing how many things I learned that stuck with me through the years. We love every minute spent watching these. My kids are starting to watch them and ask about the things they're learning. Good stuff!
This is the best set of short educational cartoons ever made. I've never seen a child not be memorized by them.  Buy this
I loved these songs as a kid, and now my 6-year-old is singing them.  These songs make learning grammar so much fun.
This DVD is a great blast from the past!!  I grew up with these videos in the 1970's and I forgot how funny (and generally educational) these videos were.  It's great to see them all again whenever I want.  How wacked is the video about the U.S. spreading to the west coast because we needed "elbow room"?  I don't think the Native People would appreciate that one.<br /><br />I was disappointed in the extras.  Otherwise awesome!!
I'm a teacher of adults, some of which speak Spanish. Putting the parts of speech to music helps them learn.
As a member of Generation X that remembers growing up watching Schoolhouse Rock on TV back in the early 1980's, I was ecstatic to be able to get my hands on this set to be able to share these classic segments with my own children.  Admittedly, the animation in these pieces tend to be rather simplistic, and a bit of the animation is reused in them, the catchiness of many of these songs more than make up for this.  Besides, the simplistic animation is what gives these segments their distinctiveness uniqueness.<br /><br />The first disc contains all 46 segments that were produced (which include both the segments produced in Schoolhouse Rock's original run, and the newer segments that were produced when Schoolhouse Rock returned to television in 1994).  It also includes the song "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College," which was a new song when this set was released in 2002.  This disc also has a play all feature, a shuffle all feature, and a top ten jukebox (the top ten jukebox includes "Conjunction Junction," "I'm Just A Bill," "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly Get Your Adverbs Here!," "Electricity, Electricity," "Interjections!," "The Preamble," "Three Is A Magic Number," "Interplanet Janet," "A Noun Is A Person, Place Or Thing," and "The Shot Heard 'Round The World").<br /><br />The second disc contains a lot of bonus material.  There is the long-lost song, "The Weather Song," three of the "Scooter Computer And Mr. Chips" segments, a behind-the-scenes of "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College," a top twenty countdown, four music videos by contemporary artists, and Emmy Awards featurette, the Nike commercial that features "Three Is A Magic Number," audio commentaries, and another copy of "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College."  In addition to these features, there is the "Earn Your Diploma" trivia game (where the user answers questions pertaining to the topics covered in the Schoolhouse Rock segments) amd arrange-a-song puzzles.  For the puzzles, there is an easy puzzle, and medium puzzle, and a hard puzzle.  For each puzzle, the viewer watches a short clip of a segment.  After it airs, there are screen shots put on the screen.  You select each one to hear the audio that goes with it, and you have to arrange the screen shots in the right order.<br /><br />Overall, I'm very happy with this DVD release, and my kids really enjoy the songs.  My youngest, who can be rather squirmy, has been known to put the first disc in and watch all of the songs on shuffle play and sitting still the whole time.  I would really recommend this DVD release to parents, because kids really seem to get an enjoyment out of these songs and segments.  I would even recommend this set to members of Generation X who don't have children to have in their collection for the sake of nostalgia.<br /><br />I wrote this review after watching a copy of this DVD that my husband and I purchased.
I ENJOYED SCHOOLHOUSE ROCK growing up.  I still remember the songs today at 43!  I thought the catchy tunes would help her with multiplication.  She has been listening to the whole thing over and over.  I enjoy revisiting the songs too.  This is a great tool to add to your arsenal to make learning fun.
This DVD is in excellent condition and my children love it, not to mention the memories it brings back.  Schoolhouse Rock should still be run on regular TV.
I'm so Happy that they were able to get all of the School House Rock Series on One DVD. Hooray for Technology! School House Rock is a gem. If you have children, of your own, I strongly suggest sharing this with them or, if you're a big kid like myself, get the DVD for yourself and stroll down memory lane!
I remembered plenty of these great songs, but there are some newer ones too.  They are just as engaging as I remember.  Fun, catchy tunes entertain all ages.  My young boys loved them as much as I do.  You'll hear engaging favorites like Three is a Magic Number, Conjunction Junction and Interjections!.  I highly recommend it.
I couldn't believe that this one inexpensive disc could have all of the videos from all of the areas. I stand corrected. It's all there, though the menu is a little wierd. Good buy!
It has all the episodes and the kids are just mesmerized just like i used to be.  I especially like the math songs and to be able to put subtitles on is priceless.
I remember these shows from my childhood. I bought this for my son who was having problems in math.  Now we BOTH sing the songs about math, etc.  Our favorite: Conjunction Junction!
My wife and I ordered this for our kids, who loved it.  My 3-year old has been singing "lolly lolly lolly get your adverbs here..." for a month now.  My older kids also enjoyed it, and have played this video repeatedly.<br /><br />If the story ended there, I'd give it 3 stars.  I hope my kids don't read this, but my wife and I had a blast opening up a Ben and Jerry's one night and throwing in this video.  I can't believe how many of these we remember!  3 stars for the kids liking it, plus 2 more for the walk down memory lane for my wife and I.
Wow! I love this DVD. It brought back so many memories for me when I used to see it on tv and now I can share it with my children.  It's a great and fun way to learn.  I was surprised to see how many songs I remembered.
This is a great! If you watch this with your kids it can really help them get interested in learning about things that otherwise would be really BORING! But even after they know the songs you will still have to explain to them what they are singing. It is a Great learning tool!
When I was a kid School House Rock was a Saturday morning staple. Its how I learned my X tables, how a bill becomes a law, etc. When my kids were young I bought the series on video (3 or 4 videos) and they wore them out. This year, I decided to buy it for my nephews (ages 3 & 5). On Christmas Eve I asked my 18 yo daughter to wrap it up for me...before she wrapped it though she opened it up and watched the whole dvd  set with her boyfriend. She said it brought back memories! If I'd known she would get so excited over it I would have given her one for Christmas too. LOL!  Anyway, School House Rock is a must for all children. Its great entertainment and a teaching tool that they will love to watch over and over, guaranteed.
My daughter (9 years old) loves this video and we now share this common connection. I'm one of the millions who grew up with these educational music videos. I'm glad that I have the chance to share with the next generation.<br /><br />One minor issue with the video is the difference in sound level between the Disney advertisements at the beginning (loud!) and the part of the disc you really want to see (much softer.) Other than that, the sound and video production is fine.
This DVD is phenomenal. My sons love it. They used to play Schoolhouse Rock on ABC every Saturday morning in between the Saturday morning cartoons. As a kid, ABC educated us without us knowing it. The basic rules of grammar, math and U.S. history that I learned from Schoolhouse Rock, I was able to use in school. Children nowadays need more of this and less violence. Schoolhouse Rock can be incorporated in elementary school education.
School House Rock is classic.  It teaches some basics in grammar, math, history, government, etc (all in a catchy way that kids grab on to).<br /><br />These "commercials" were one of the few ways I personally enjoyed learning about grammar as a kid. Too bad they don't still air them - or make new ones (especially as many school systems do not seem to think teaching -and enforcing - grammar is all that important).
I bought 2 of these one for me to keep and one for my family and it is everything i had wanted. I was skeptical cause i wasnt sure if it had every skit but it does and ones i hadnt even seen before. It was well worth the money
This video is wonderful. It has all the clips I enjoyed when I was a kid and some new ones that are equally entertaining and educational.  My five-year-old loves to watch it and it has already helped with our math facts and singing other parts of our assignments.
I am so happy that you have this product for purchase.  My children are now adults but grew up on "Schoolhouse Rock".  I thought it would be wonderful for my grandchildren to have this product, but never imagined that I would have found it or it was still available.  While looking over the products at Amazon.com on-line, there it was.  My grandchildren also love to read, so purchases from you will be many.  I love your on-line site and the many products you make available to your customers at prices that are affordable.  The way the economy has taken a turn for the worse, your prices and the many sales you have are a blessing to many.  HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
Review of School House Rock<br />What a delightful way for children to learn!  Who doesn't learn better when information is put to music.  The multiplication rock section is fantastic, not only because the child can learn through music, but the songs are the kind that stay in your head all day.  My grandson's school uses this DVD to teach every subject.  My son reminds me this was on tape when he was in elementary school, so it has been around for years.  Enjoy!
These short videos/songs are such teaching tools, and also so entertaining. Why are they not on television anymore? We watched them every Saturday with our cartoons, and memorized every song.<br /><br />I learned multiplication, grammar, history and science from these! The ONLY way I passed the constitution test in 8th grade was because I knew the preamble and the steps on how a bill becomes a law from watching it on Saturday mornings ;)<br /><br />Every parent and school should have these - the kids will LOVE them (mine do!) and they will learn so much, and remember it too. I only wish that the Schoolhouse Rock people would have made more and covered more subjects ;)
Every school should have this dvd. It has math, history, science and grammar. It's entertaining and educational. The children beg to watch a video that is secretly teaching them the things they need to learn. As an educator I believe this video is a dream come true. I only wish Hollywood would be producing more cartoons like this.
I live overseas. I keep buying this for myself and then I'd give it to a family with young children as a means to assist them with learning English. It is a learning tool and entertaining as well. I like that it has a variety of American subcultures represented throughout the different presentations. I think I'll stock a few extra for gifts to my neighbors.
I would switch channels as a child to make sure I saw Schoolhouse Rock every time that it was on.  Now I use it in my 3rd grade classroom to reinforce ideas with my students.  They love it!  I had been using the videos that I bought years ago, and I finally broke down and bought the DVD so that I could go straight to the song I needed for the concept I was teaching.  Still great even years later!!  (My students can't believe I watched it as a kid!)
I remember these songs from childhood and wanted to share them with my children.  The DVD's are great quality and exactly what I wanted!
The assignment:  Memorize the Preamble to the US Constitution<br />The ELL teaching moment: (to self) "Hey!  I have the schoolhouse rock collection (for personal use).  Maybe my students would like to learn the Preamble using music..."<br />The result:  Students appearing in class before school to listen to "Three is a magic number" and the "Preamble".  A spontaneous discussion about why "three" is a magic number.  Schoolhouse rock rocking my school!<br />It's nice to see that some music spans generations still.
These short segments that where done on American History are an excellent tool for teaching concepts about American Government that most people have no understanding.  As a college professor I have used this series to teach my students about the Constitution, principles on how our government works and the history of our country,  Schoolhouse Rock is more relevent today then it was 30 years ago.  The princples it teaches has been lost by many Americans.  My students juniors and seniors at the college leave can not answer basic question about their governmnet and how it works until they are shown Schoolhouse Rock.  I show these programs every semster in order to give my students a sense of how and why things occur in the their countries covernment.  I have gotten other colleaques at the college and high school level to use this series.  One of my colleagues an English teacher loves the vignettes on grammer and punctuation.  This series is no longer a series for children but a teaching aid for all levels of students.
I bought this dvd for my daughter who is 4 after watching the "I'm just a bill" video on Youtube and her asking "Show me again how a bill becomes a law" The video is awesome. It keeps both of us entertained while providing accurate information. I would recommend this product to even parents with toddlers, because it is a good tool for get kids thinking about education through fun, catchy songs, and informative education that they can see and hear. A+ for this video, my daughter talks about prepositions, math, science, and history. I am so glad we bought it!
I love the songs on this cd.  I still remember them from when I was a child and I am using the cd in my classroom, providing a fun easy way for my students to remeber mulitiplication patterns.
My children were raised with Schoolhouse Rock! and I purchased multiple copies of this video for them -- and a few for some friends.  It's fun to watch "Conjunction Junction" and "I'm Just a Bill" and sing along..  Everyone loves it..
Schoolhouse Rock is better now than I remember.  My entire family loves this and I can't believe how much they've learned from it and the best part is they don't know their learning!  Love it!
It brings back many late 70's Saturday morning memeories for me with songs I remember every word of (like the Preamble cartoon) and ones I only slightly recalled or did not as well (like Conjunction Junction). I also enjoyed the special featurtes and audio commentaries by the SR creators.
Now I'm loving it all over again with my children.<br /><br />A great addition to learning at home!<br />The songs will stick in your head for ever, but that's a good thing!
I purchased this DVD to show to my students during the last few weeks of school. Playing the DVD was like a trip down memory lane. My students laughed as I sang along with some of the songs, but they too were soon singing along. They especially loved the electricity song. This DVD is well worth buying(even if you're not a teacher).
This DVD helps kids understand grammar, American history, multiplication, science and important things to know about money (saving, borrowing, investing etc.). It also explains a little about the electoral college.<br /><br />The songs go quickly, but if kids watch it over and over, they will learn the songs by heart and learn the information in it.<br /><br />I got one for my family and bought some to give to friends and neighbors.
THIS TAKES ME BACK TO WHEN I WAS A CHILD, & LEARNING MY MATH PLUS READING.<br /><br />ALSO I WAS VERY IMPRESSED IN THE RESPONSE TO MY ORDER.<br /><br />KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK
I really enjoyed this. Took me back in time and really touched me as well. This was one of the best TV ideas ever concieved and a whole generation learned something from it! This one has all the songs and cartoons along with bonus material including the 4 years of Emmy awards. This one is definately worth it.
I bought this because I recalled it fondly from my childhood and figured the lessons it taught are still applicable, therefore I might actually (re)learn somethings. I also thought my two-year old might, just might, like bits of it. Was I wrong. He absolutely loves it and is beginning to repeat the lyrics. I strongly recommend this to all.
This had 4 30'somethings singing along and has gotten my eight year old to really remember something that was difficult - some of the multiplication songs do stick with you.
Had a great time watching the Grammar Rock DVD at the dentist's office.  ALL of the hygenists came in asking what we were watching (while having my teeth cleaned).  Everyone knew them and told which ones were their favorites (I'm Just a Bill and Conjunction Junction).  My kids are grown so this video was for me.  One of the other ladies at work also bought one.  They are great for nostalgia!  Get them and you can be smarter than a 5th grader!
I have fond memories of watching this series on ABC's Saturday Morning lineup as a child during the early 1980s.  I wish that ABC would resurrect the series, as I think that it makes otherwise bland academic subjects fun and engaging.  Given the questionable state of culture and education in our nation today, I think that Schoolhouse Rock looks better and better.
my grandsons (ages 6, 7, 11) all enjoy this video.  makes learning fun.
This DVD is GREAT!!!  I grew up on School House Rock, so I had SO much fun seeing all the shorts again.  My sons (10, 8, 4) loved it too.  I thought they might think it was "lame" or outdated but they had as much fun watching it as I did... and I occasionally hear them repeating the catchy tunes.  You can't complain when your kids are enjoying something and learning at the same time.  And how about a refresher course for parents?  Great!
My husband had this video as a kid and we gave it to my daughter to watch who's 3 years and she loves it!  Since she has been watching it so much and the original VHS tape is so worn we purchased this DVD.  She loves the DVD and it has so much more than the VHS version.  We find her singing the songs and requesting them by name.
This is a wonderful learning tool for children or anyone who needs a refresher on the basics.  I was already a teenager when Schoolhouse Rock started but whenever I need to recall my grammer I can still hear "Conjunction, junction" in my head thirty years later! Now my children are finding it just as useful.  Great tool!
I learned the preamble of the Constitution when I was young listening to Schoolhouse Rock.  My boys are ages 5 and almost 9 and they are learning about nouns, conjunctions, electricity, history and algebra.  They love the songs and cartoon characters.  Very educational, but very cute!  Wonderfully fun way to learn.
Although I bought this for the kids - all the adults are watching it too.  A collection of all the School House Rock segments from saturday morning has all of us claiming our name is "Bill" and  singing all those catchy tunes we grew up with - and now our kids can too!  Fun and educational - who could ask for anything more!
What more can I say? As a child of the 70's, I have always loved Schoolhouse Rock. We bought the DVD and the CD when School House Rock Live! came to town last fall, and our two older kids fell in love with it instantly. My 2 year old's favorite song is "Three is a Magic Number", my 3 year old's favorite song is "Conjunction Junction", and they both love to sing and dance to all the rest...we listen to the CD everyday as we drive around and we watch the DVD at least once a week. This is a great buy!
I admit it, I grew up with these skits.  I love 'em.  Tell me that you don't sing when you try to remember The Preamble...  "We the People in order to form a more perfect union..."
The DVD is great.  It has all of the old songs and cartoons you remember from Saturday mornings as a kid.  I'm a teacher and I've been using it in my classroom as an extension of lessons.  I'm getting a whole new generation hooked on the songs..."Conjunction junction what's your function?"
I remember watching these as mini-commercials between different Saturday morning cartoons. Funny how some 30 years later, certain favorites are still in the old brain. I found myself singing along with "Conjunction, Junction" and "I'm Just a Bill" and going down memory lane as others played. My little ones are just as in love with these as I was at their age ... and it's so much nicer than watching "another DVD". Absolutely recommend this set!!!!
This brought back an instant childhood flashback. Not only that but my 9 year old twins instantly fell in love with it and now the DVD is required by them once a day. Their Teachers are amazed at how they have taken to it and are ordering their own copies.
I not only bought this video for my kids and kids of friends but also for some of my adult friends. It's not only educational it's also so much fun to watch. It sure brings back memories of my Saturday mornings as a kid. Kids today are missing out!
My daughter and I have really enjoyed this DVD.  It is a bit confusing to get to the "play all" function, but it is there and will play in order or shuffled.  You can also choose to play all the rocks in a particular category.  Her favorite is Tyrannosaurus Debt which was not even playing when I first watched these as a youngster.  This is an awesome DVD to have when I need 20 minutes to cook dinner or feed the baby and want the older child occupied with "intelligent" TV.  Excellent purchase!
I gave this to my wife, who is a history teacher, for Christmas and we decided to pop it in the DVD player to check it out.  It was amazing, how the memories flooded back.  Everyone in the family recalled their favorite Shoolhouse Rock! song and wouldn't let us take the DVD out until it was played!  Sometimes, more than once.  Even if you remember just one of these songs from your childhood, this DVD is worth every penny.
We ordered this along with the Electric Slide. The style of learning offered in this DVD is amazing. My children are able to grapple difficult concepts with the simplistic cartoons and creativity offered. Hey, it even helped me understand quite a few things and I'm an adult. :-D  I highly recommend this DVD to parents looking for fun educational stuff for their kids.  We are very happy with schoolhouse rock. We also want to buy the schoolhouse rock leapfrog cartridge.
I love Schoolhouse Rock...<br /><br />In the late 70s/early80s--I used to wait for the commercials during Saturday morning cartoons for this...and when I started to watch the Smurfs on NBC--I would switch over to ABC at 9:30, 10, 10:30...to catch my Schoolhouse Rock....now I'll have them forever.<br /><br />Clever, witty, spunky, and fun...you have to love them.<br /><br />Can't wait to use the songs to teach more students about history, grammar, math, and everything....<br /><br />Way to go!
Years ago, I used to watch Schoolhouse Rock with my children and recommended it to my students as well. Today, it is entertaining and educating the next generation of our family's youngsters. The Special 30th Anniversary Edition will be a treasure that parents and grandparents can enjoy with the kids. It's money well-spent!
Ahh! The memories!  Great memories of childhood and some instruction that is timeless.  Good video addressing several areas of basic academic skills and knowledge.
If you are e member of Generation X and watched Saturday morning cartons, you have surely seen Schoolhouse Rock.  I never realized there were 40+ of these in all.  They are all great and teach math, science, history, grammar and other topics.  You can watch them individually or in their subject groupings.  A master "play all" function seems to be missing.<br /><br />They did a great job transferring the 30 year old animation to DVD.  Everything is very clear.  Great for a youngster discovering these for the first time, or a Generation Xer bringing back memories of Saturday morning cartoons.
If you are a fan or into nostalgic televisions shows, this dvd hits the mark. Disney took control of this compliation of all the hit Saturday morning cartoon episodes.  So if you were a fan or have 5-12 year old kids, it will give you both something valuable to watch.  I believe this holds kids attention as when I saw it when I was my daughter's age.  If you are an educator, then this product would be an excellent purchase for your school.  It was an excellent investment. My family has enjoyed it very much.  One final thought.  Skip over the many Disney commercials for their products.  Just go to the main menu.<br /><br />TPW
I just can't say enough about this DVD...  it takes me back to when I was a kid watching cartoons on Saturday mornings.  I think this is great not only for kids in grade school, but for adults like me who want to watch it for pure enjoyment sake!
It is wonderful to have all of these on one DVD.  I bought it for me because I love the songs and the animation, but my 6 year old little girl loves to watch them in order.<br /><br />Her favorite is Interjections.  I couldn't be more proud of her.
What a blast to the past.  Watching School House Rocks with my kids brings back so many fun childhood memories.  It is fun to learn it all again with my kids!
I remember watching Schoolhouse Rock when I was a kid. This brings back great memories of learning. I'm so glad I was able to find ALL of them on one disk. Thank you!
Everyone knows how great Schoolhouse Rock is.<br /><br />This is my second purchase of the Aniversary Edition.  We used it so much that we wore it out.  These are a must have to keep in the van or car.  We make the most of travel time.<br /><br />There is definitely a market for Educational DVD's for use in the van! The kids are captive and they do not know they are learning.  Rock and Learn are also a must have!  Please somebody.....keep them coming!
My 61/2 yr old can now recite her 3's multiplication table, and sing the Preamble!  In fact, that's how I learned the Preamble when I was young!  My 2 1/2 yr old requests 'Lolly Lolly' and the boy is always asking to watch the conjunction junction 'train' one...<br /><br />I only wish there were other dvd's out there like Schoolhouse Rock!!
Where else can you get so much information, education and entertainment for such a great price?  I love it.  After watching it a few times, your kids will start singing about nouns,adjectives, math and of course the preamble to the constitution (that's how I learned it too).  We actually got this a few years ago but the dvd got so scratched up from my kids taking it everywhere.  I had to buy it again, it's worth it!
This is the third time that I am buying this DVD, because everytime I show it to someone, they remember it, wish that they had it and I end up giving it to them.  (I'm 36 yrs old), as children, we grew up on Schoolhouse Rock and I want my two daughters to enjoy it and learn from it just like I did.  I remember my 9th grade Civics class singing "We the People..." while taking a test.  I wish they had more programs like Schoolhouse Rock...our children are truly missing out on the "good old days!!!"<br /><br />Don't be fooled by those who have negative comments about this DVD.  It's worth every penny that they charge for it, if only for the memories alone.
I only wanted to add that contrary to what one reviewer wrote,this product does have a "play all" feature.  It's under the title "The Whole Enchilada".
I grew up on Schoolhouse Rock, so I really wanted my kid to experience it as well.  This Anniversary edition is fabulous.  My 4 year old doesn't really care about the 2nd 'bonus' DVD, but the 1st DVD has all the School House Rock segments (math, science, grammer, etc..) and he loves it.  Not only is it educational, but 200 minutes of SHR sure helps on those long car trips!
This collection has proved to be priceless for teaching concepts in the classroom.  To have every song in one CD simplifies my job as an English teacher.  My eighth grade students love it when we start our writing session with one of the catchy jingles!
When my children were young, they loved School House Rock. We sang Conjunction Junction. They never forgot the important concepts in grammar, math, social studies, and science. I boutght the DVD for my grandchildren, ages 3 to 12) A whole new generation loved School House Rock. What a great gift for grandkids.
This is a great DVD to own in a collection of family entertainment! It brings back the memories to my Junior High days in the early 70's just watching this on Saturday mornings! About 30 years later it's still entertaining and yet you yearn for more of this! Still educational as well! A+ all the way!
Still the undisputed king of educational videos.  At 43 years old, I can still remember the words to all these songs.
I cherish these cartoons from my childhood. I have bought two copies and intend to buy more for family and friends. If you have children these DVDs are a great value. Their educational value makes them priceless. Some songs are better than others, but overall this is just a great concept. My neices, age 5, watches the DVD everyday.
My 8 yr old and my 11 yr old sat side by side for hours watching the same DVD over and over and over again. What bargain! And what happened? They learned something too; more then they learned from watching SPIDERMAN and Monsters Inc.
I homeschool both my girls so I bought this video to help my girls have a fun way to learn.  They just love the songs!!!  My six year old runs around singing "Conjunction Junction, what's your function?"  My eight year old loves the history videos.  I would recommend this video to everyone, whether you homeschool or not.  It's a great educational video.
I love this DVD!  I grew up in front of the television with my cup of Captain Crunch and watching Schoolhouse Rock every Saturday morning.  I remember more about basic mathematics, grammar and history from this series than from my elementary school classes.  I can still sing the Preamble to the United States Constitution, "Figure Eight", "Conjunction Junction" and "I'm Just a Bill" more than 30 years later.  It's a timeless educational classic for those of us who grew up in the '70s and for the generations that have followed!
I just met Bob/heard him play these songs at a coffee shop in the Colorado mountains (3 is a magic number, bill and conjunction junction).  It was an amazing trip down my childhood and I'm now ordering the DVD.
I grew up with these vignettes, and couldn't wait to watch the DVD.  While I was thinking back to when I was 8 or 9, I noticed my 4-year old enrapt.  I thought the old-fashioned animation would be less than eye-catching for her.  Instead, I found her mesmerized by the tunes.  How wonderful!  To anyone who remembers watching Saturday cartoon and singing "I'm just a Bill": you'll enjoy the entire collection.  You'll also enjoy watching your own kids learning on a Saturday morning...cool, huh?!
This is the DVD I've been waiting for.  All of the Schoolhouse Rock cartoons are here.  You were either born at the right time to appreciate these or not, but they're (mostly) great.  The extras are (mostly) fantastic and the new one ("I'm Going To Send Your Vote To College") leaves me wanting more.<p>Enjoy!
The 30th Anniversary DVD and its companion SCRIPTURE ROCK are constantly spinning at our house, and have been for years. You can't beat the fun educational value of a great catchy song.
I used to look forward to these shorts more than the cartoon that were aired around them.  These informative shorts were hip and fun for my generation and I dare say still hold up.  This dvd is loaded with extras and great interactive menus (with hidden features, keep your eyes open). It even contains modern artists interpretions of some of these songs (some excellent renditions and fun videos). Do yourself a favor and buy this for the child inside and the children you have now!!
Revisiting these snippets from my childhood was incredible!  I can remember a time when just seeing "Interjection" would mean that I had a great weekend.  Now I can have a good weekend every weekend.<br />I've spent the past three days engrossed in the DVDs.  The animation may be of a lower quality than we've become used to, but the lyrics and music are incredible.  I haven't been able to stop singing "Sufferin' til Suffrage" and "Rufus Xavier Sasparilla".  I recieved the DVDs as a gift and a dozen of us sat down (during a party) and watched these wonderful animated gems.  Share them with your kids, your parents, your students, and DEFINITELY your friends.  Entertaining, energetic, and educational (we all need a brush up now and then, don't we?)
This DVD is great.  To be able to go back and see all of the old<br />School House Rock videos was really cool.  I now have a little girl of my own and I want her to be able to learn grammer, history, math and science in a fun way like I was able to do 30 years ago.  The songs and video hold up as well today as it did 30 years ago and my daughter loves to watch and dance to the music.  I recomend this to all parents and people who just want to walk down memory lane, you'll find your self sing conjunction junction and I'm just a bill in the shower.
Without a doubt one of the best Saturday morning cartoons even produced and the best way to learn about grammar, history and politics. How many times have you ever found yourself saying "I'm just a Bill" or "Conjunction Junction", in most crowds you will get a smile and maybe even a sing along on those crafty and informative tunes.<p>This DVD offers all of the popular songs with special emphasis on what many fans votes were the Top 10. There is also a new song featuring a voter booth named Boothy who sings about the importance of voting. The menus are fun and easy to click through. The only beef I had are the idiotic and unnecessary Disney commercials placed on the disk, you cant skip them easily and they are annoying! Otherwise this is a most welcome addition to my DVD library and will be a prized for some time.
Back in the 70s, I learned a lot about grammar, math and the Constitution from these short cartoons.  Watching them again after 30 years, they are compact and entertaining miracles, combining catchy tunes with a surprisingly large amount of information.  I plan to give a number of these as Christmas gifts to people with children.  Leave your kids in front of the TV with this DVD, and they will likely surprise you with how fast they pick this stuff up.
I received this DVD today and can't say enough wonderful things about it.  My 8 year old sat and watched it with me and thought it was so funny (not realizing he was actually learning).  I remember answering test questions with knowledge gained from these songs while I was growing up.  You will find yourself singing along with "Conjunction junction whats your function" and "Lolly, lolly, lolly get your adverbs here".  "It was a hairy bear, it was a scary bear, so I unpacked my adjectives".  They have a brochure inside that has the words to the top 10 songs.  I really appreciate how much I learned and now to have them all together in one DVD to share with my kids!!  What a great Christmas present to give and get!!!!
When I saw that Schoolhouse Rock was coming out on DVD, I was immediately taken back to 7th grade American History when our teacher asked if anyone knew the Preamble to the Constitution.  I raised my hand and stood up and recited the entire thing.  My teacher was very impressed and said that I had it down perfectly, except that it wasn't actually a song.  That was news to me!  As a mother I thought back on that day and realized the educational value of these little songs that pack so much important information, and I just had to treat my kids to the fun.
Geez anyone who wants the kids to learn and enjoy it should get this DVD. The shuffle feature will be just like watching ABC on Saturday morning in the 70's. You just didn't know which subject was coming up next. Could be "I'm just a Bill", "Figure Eight" or my personal favorite "Interjections". My two year old sings, "And the preamble goes like this...We the people, in order to form a more perfect union...." in her own darling way. My four year old actually knows what a Noun is and why there are fireworks on the fourth of July. This series is the best way to teach many subjects in a way that is known to stick. Music! (and cute cartoons too)
In this captivating collection of Schoolhouse Rock! you get all the old favorites ranging from My Hero, Zero to Little Twelvetoes.  There are also great grammar numbers like Conjuntion Junction and Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here, as well as mini civics lessons such as I'm Just A Bill and a new one on the electoral college, I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College, which adults could learn a little about as well.  Bob Dorough composed and sang many of the songs, but you also hear Blossom Dearie and The Lemonheads among others.  Of course what makes this collection special is that you have all the animated pieces to go along with the songs, which provided valuable fillers between Saturday morning cartoons all those years ago.  Too bad The Cartoon Channel didn't pick up on these animated classics, instead of Disney, as it would make the viewing experience a little less mind-numbing for children.  So, I bought this collection to fill in the gaps.
I love Schoolhouse Rock! I own the videos and cannot wait for the DVD. As you can tell, the "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly..." song is my favorite, although all of them are great. I actually put them to good use in school; they really do work in teaching kids about basic math, grammar and history. I still fall back on some of the songs for info...even now that I'm an adult...
My Mom bought my siblings and I this DVD and we absolutely LOVE it.  Every day we watch it, and everyone walks around singing, "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, get your adverbs here!!!" :)  My parents love it because they remember it from when they were young.  I learned ALOT of stuff.  Definitely an awesome buy!!!!!!
All the favorites that you remember, plus more - they make learning fun!
My children grew up with Schoolhouse Rock and now my grandchildren can learn from the same fun and educational songs. I still remember the words to some of the songs.<br /><br />Don't pass this by it is something you and your children will enjoy and learn from!
Another generation is now able to enjoy and learn.
Love it!  It definitely takes me back to my childhood.  I still remember most of the songs.  The best part is my five year old is into it too.  He now knows what adjectives are and we have fun trying to come up with adjectives for all of our outings.  He's great at it.  We also have the cd so he sings along with me in the car.  He's learning a lot and having fun too.
While I'm sure the core audience for this material is elementary aged, my daughter (age 3) absolutely LOVES Schoolhouse Rock! and has for quite a while.  While the finer points of the material are undoubtedly lost on her (she cannot read, after all) she still gets the gist of much of it and has her favorites.<br /><br />Besides, the material is at least as interesting as Mazzie, Dora, the Wiggles, etc for a child of this age:  the animation is quite good, the content wholesome, and the songs are both entertaining and memorable.  And there are some very teachable moments as well.  "Gravity" is a good opportunity for discussion about being careful not to fall or drop things.  "Telegraph Line" is an opportunity for talking about pain (and staying away from hot stoves).<br /><br />I highly recommend this for kid of all ages, 3 to 93.
This is the definitive collection. There are a few shortcomings, but they by no means detract from the overall package. You do get every SHR song (so they say) and the ability to play them in just about any combination you want, which pretty much sums up disc 1. You also get a wonderful documentary on disc 2 that is mainly about the new song, but also touches on some SHR history. There are some challenging trivia games and other oddities included as well, making this a well-rounded archive, but there are some curious omissions.<p>I'll unpack "frustrating" first. There is a top 20 list of SHR songs on disc 2, presumably from the on-line vote prior to this collection's release. Why not list all 46 with their vote totals/percentages? Why is this list on disc 2 and not on disc 1 as a play list option? There are also some fairly interesting (but not too revealing) commentaries for a couple of handfuls of tunes on disc 2. Why are these commentaries not on disc 1, and why not for all of the songs? Only 3 of the original 4 Scooter Computer songs are included, and the long-lost "Weather Show" is obviously edited. A history of the failed Scooter Computer series would have been nice, as would an explanation of why the "Weather Show" was pulled from circulation and then edited for this release. These items were omitted, but the Nike commercial was included? What were they thinking?!<p>Don't let my griping turn you off. This set does contain a lot of nice touches, including some hidden features. Be sure to complete the trivia challenge for a special treat! If you love SHR, you cannot go wrong with this collection, despite its few flaws. <p>Darn, that's the end.
Schoolhouse Rock IS THE BEST!!!  I learned my multiplication ANd how to sing (a little) from watching these mini shows back in the 70"s. This IS, and WILL be a VERY BEST buy for you, ESPECIALLY, if you have small children. Better than Barney, folks!!
I am so glad I purchased this DVD set! I had been talking about Schoolhouse Rock with my 2 sons, 14&4, and decided to just buy it! We all watched it! My 4 year old is going around singing "Conjunction Junction" and so is my 14 year old! I had forgotten what a great teaching tool these were!
Wanted to use something to help kids at our school with basic grammar. I figured since I remember these from 30 years ago, the kids might remember them too.  They are enjoying them and I am starting to here them sing them in the hall.  They don't even realize they are doing it.
I really enjoyed watching these when I was a kid, and was so happy to find this Schoolhouse Rock! (Special 30th Anniversary Edition) (2)DVD set at such a great price. Our own children have been watching this and now they are going around the house singing some of the same catchy (but educational) songs that I did when I was little. It's history repeating itself, and I've enjoyed watching this all over again with them. I highly recommend this fun 2 disc set!
A classic - highly entertaining and educational. I just bought another copy since our son wore our the first one after several years of hard use.
Saturday Mornings....<br />Cartoons were on that weren't just half-hour advertisements for toys. Warner Brothers and Hanna-Barbera ruled the airwaves during the morning hours. Sneaking in now and then were live-action classics from Sid and Marty Krofft.<br />And between shows, if you were on the right channel at the right time, were these quirky little musical cartoons. They had catchy tunes, and kept us glued to the TV between shows.<br /><br />And they educated. They actually taught us things. Things we could use later in school, and throughout life. Basics of grammar, mathematics, history, science, civics and more, all in 3-minute chunks.<br /><br />Now, Saturdays are cultural wastelands, "educational TV" is mostly unheard of outside of PBS (because e/i rules don't apply to cable), and the only cartoons that don't exist solely to sell toys are adult-oriented.<br /><br />Thankfully, with this DVD set, we can return to the glory days of Saturday Mornings, and share the experience with a new generation. Remember, it's great to learn, 'cause knowledge is power!
Bought this because I was still singing the songs in my 40s and my daughter had been assigned to watch School House Rocks Conjunctions for homework. They helped her and was fun for both of us.
They are all here. All the ones you remember from Saturday morning. Still relevant...I loaned it to a friend for her daughter to learn multiplication tables.
I got this video for my class of first graders.  I remember watching these videos and singing these songs as a kid.  I learned a lot from them and thought my class would too.  I was right!  My class loves the songs about America and watching them has resulted in many discussions about our country's history.  I have also used the grammar songs to introduce concepts to my class and the songs and videos really help them better understand the concepts we are studying.  I would highly recommend this video for use in any classroom.  The songs are short and "catchy" and provide a fun and novel way to learn.
I have to say my 7 1/2 year old LOVES this DVD. She has learned her 3 times tables thanks to 3 is a Magic Number. I remember watching these as a child growing up in the 70's and now thanks to DVD's another generation is getting to enjoy all the awesome shows we got to watch as children. Bravo!
the product came quickly and was better than expected, the cover was nice and clean, disc play perfectly and the kids are enjoying it already as me and my wife do too.
school house rock is a great dvd with lot of great songs from Grammar rock, science rock, money rock, multiplication rock, and america rock.
I loved School House Rock growing up.  It was so neat to see these again.<br />I am almost certain they are all here.  We just received this Friday afternoon, and I popped this in with other cartoon 'oldies' yesterday morning.
My children love these just as much as my sister and I loved watching them when they used to play them on TV.  They are funny, creative, and educational.  I highly recommend this DVD.
Awesome product. A perfect addition to my classroom instruction. My students really enjoyed the music with the jingles and the animations. Makes learning fun.
LOVE THIS STUFF.  GREAT CONDITION!  NOT ONLY CAN I REVISIT THE STUFF I DON'T REMEMBER BUT LISTEN TO SOME GREAT TUNES WITHOUT THE CURSING,ETC... :-P
Our whole family loves this DVD. It's a great tool to learning the basics. From the preamble, to the westward expansion to "Where the Money Goes," this is a great selection of videos to have on the shelf. Everyone will love it. Catchy tunes and great info!
School House Rock is timeless! As a father of 5 children I see ever increasing holes in our education. The students are learning more at a greater pace and earlier in their lives. They truly are receiving a great education. However, I get the sense that some material is grazed over or skipped. School House rock is a fantastic way to give your children (and the adults in your life) reinforcement in the basics of education. Strengthen their educational foundation by putting this DVD in your player and letting it loop when the TV is not in use. The children will hear it, will stop and watch, and will absorb the information. I give this a high recommendation!
Back when learning was fun and was filled with more information than special effects and crazy antics. All of the songs are here including a new "lost" track. Within the menu you can choose an individual video, by group (science, grammar, etc) or click on The Whole Enchilada for it to go through all of them.<br />This is something that is good for either younger children or those who have not been subjected to the barrage of the new tween soap dramas. The information is a bit outdated with references to record players and a computer that most children this generation have never seen, however the jungles are catchy and the core material is there.
This Video has most of my favorites - Conjunction Junction, I'm just a bill, you know them. It's amazing that in 25 years no one's been able to top them.<br />I wonder how many high school seniors know as much as a kid who watches these videos about history, science, grammar, and math. I prefer DVD, but whatever.<br />My kids watch it all the time. I like it too. The songs are as fun. These clever rhymes are unforgettable, but unlike some annoying kid's songs, you don't really want to forget these.<br />  I really feel like my kids need to be informed about the Bible too, (whatever they choose to believe later), so I have also been thrilled that they made a CD and DVD called<br />Scripture Rock.
It's all SchoolHouse Rock's fault!<p>It (that's a pronoun) sucked me in as a kid with its great melodies and clever lyrics as I learned everything I ever needed to know in school.  While other kids wondered why I knew so much about the parts of speech or how I knew so much about math OR America, I was setting the curve and ultimately became high school valedictorian.  Then I went to college and earned degrees in both mathematics (master's) and music (bachelor's).  <p>Bob Dorough, Jack Sheldon...it's all your fault!  <p>Now that I've been a college mathematics teacher, a high school & middle school band director, and now a senior software engineer, I listen to SchoolHouse Rock while I work and my little baby girl now has SchoolHouse Rock on DVD.  Hopefully, it'll be your fault she has a head start in school also!<p>;-)<p>Thanks,<br />CLR<p>PS- HEY ABC/DISNEY...WHY DON'T YOU SET ASIDE AT LEAST 30 MINUTES EVERY SATURDAY MORNING FOR A SOLID BLOCK OF SCHOOLHOUSE ROCK??!!  It may not have trading cards to license, but it would be the best thing on TV (again)!
Just on the strength of the material alone, this DVD is a must-have for parents who grew up with these terrific, educational animations. The great shame is that most people only remember "Conjunction Junction" - "3 Is A Magic Number," "A Noun Is A Person Place or Thing," "Interjections!" ""Ready Or Not, Here I Come" and the classic "I'm Just A Bill" - if you heard these only once as a child, you'll be surprised at how much you retained. While the animation is very limited, adults and children alike will love watching Schoolhouse Rock.<p> This DVD goes one step further, however: you can pick a mode in which to play the classics. You can play them by group (Grammar Rock, Multiplication Rock, etc.) or you can play the top ten favorites (voted on by fans - I'm only upset I didn't get to put my vote in for VERB) or you can shuffle play the whole disc. This feature naturally wouldn't be desirable on another DVD, but here ... what a great feature.<p>Great educational material; great, intelligent songwriting, and an entire extra disc of supplemental material. This DVD is a worth every penny, and will have your kids singing the Preamble to the Constitution and counting by threes in no time.
Super FAST delivery, which was GREAT. My grand kids ages 4. 6. 7. 8. 9.& 13 loved this. Great learning tool. I bought 2, one for home and one for grandma house.
Amazing how the kids pick up on the songs so quick.  A great learning tool, old school but aswome.  I still sing the songs when I am trying to remember grammar.  And who doesn't love a "bill". I have to say even my teenagers are in the room watching when it is on, which can only help them too.
Worth every penny. Very educational and a good refresher for all ages. It's rare you buy a dvd and are amazed by how much quality material is on it.. they definitely didn't skimp out on this one. Includes all the original songs and awesome bonus features. Five stars.
I received the dvd on time, and in mint condition.  Watching this with my kids takes me back to my own childhood.
Ok great and it also taught me a few things I didn't know or don't remember I love the money segment oh 1000% worth it a must buy for little my motto is they might as well learn while watching tv.
This DVD includes all of the classic School House Rock clips, plus a little more. Very nostalgic! A great addition to one's DVD library. Also good for home-schooled children.
I bought this DVD a while back, and I donated it to my local elementary school. I thought they needed a copy of this, and it's great for the kids to watch and learn from.  Even if you don't want this DVD yourself, then buy it anyway, and donate it to your local elementary school. They were happy for my donation. I may even buy a few more of them to hand out.<br /><br />This DVD sure brings back memories, it is a keepsake, and something for you to enjoy along with your children, and grandchildren.  As old as these songs are, they still are fun to watch.
If you liked school house rock as a kid, then you will like this dvd and so will your kids/grandkids.  It's fun to watch and reminisce.
All those videos you remember and sang along to are here - "Conjunction Junction," "I'm Just a Bill" and the rest.  When shown on HD, the pixilation shows from its older recorded format, but the sound quality is good.  Show these to your children and grandchildren, and sing along like you used to!
If you are a child of the 70's or of any age, this DVD is great way to remember your childhood, have fun or learn something new. I think everyone who has children,  grand children, nieces, nephews,  etc can find a way to use this DVD. To tell you how effective these songs are when a friend from grade school was taking a college history course, he had to write down the preamble to the Constitution and half the class was humming the tune in this DVD. Try this DVD and see for yourself.
I am a language arts teacher and love using this for a fun opening to parts of speech.  Great experience!!
How cute and how fun it was to watch.  Although I didn't care for the menu setup (especially on how to play each segment), it still didn't take away from the overall good time I had watching them.  I give this seller an A++ for prompt shipping and excellent playing quality of the dvds.  I'd recommend this seller for anyone looking for dvds.
I remember these videos from my childhood and they really did help me learn.  I teach at a very small school and will use them to help some of my students.
I bought this set for my grand-daughter in hopes that she would enjoy it as much as I did growing up. Anyone who has ever enjoyed Schoolhouse Rock knows that it is a great educational tool making learning fun! Go School House Rock! :)
Bought this for ourselves and for our son.  We love that it has all the original songs and videos.  If you watch all of them at once it does go on for quite a long time, but it's nice because as we play we can listen to it and then it's still there to watch when we're ready for more down time.  Great nostalgia and our son really loves the music, so we're hoping it will hold his interest long enough for him to start learning some from it, too.  The only thing about this collection is that I don't think we've ever once watched whatever is on the second dvd, we really only wanted it for the original songs anyway so while it's not that big a deal, I do feel it could have been cheaper to have just left that out.
I've always sang Schoolhouse Rock songs around the house and to find the DVD with all the songs on it was awesome!!  My daughter loves it and it's helping her learn her multiplication as it helped me a zillion years ago!
Grandchildren love this and want it played over and over. They keep going back to it to help with thier studies.
I grew up on School House Rock, and I introduced my son to the series when he was much younger.  Now I have some nieces and nephews who are at an age where they can appreciate the knowledge and learn the songs.  It's amazing how fun the series still is!
I gave this dvd to my brother's son and it remains one of the best presents I ever gave. The cartoon segments accompanied by great music are educational and lots of fun!
Bought this movie about 3 weeks ago. My child has not stopped wanting to watch it since it arrived. I had been playing the songs on a CD that I burned, and she loved them, learned them extremely fast, so I thought she would love to see them illustrated and put into motion. She knows all of the songs and recites multiplication table and told me yesterday that she loves the "Barter song".  She is 3. I see that this review isn't really even necessary, however I must profess my love for it all the same. Bringing back memories and creating new ones. We are a lucky generation to have such an experience.
I  purchased this DVD so my daughter could experience a piece of my childhood. She walks around singing the songs and it just melts my heart.  She has learned a lot from the songs too.
Who doesn't love School House Rock? I bought this as a present for my friend for receiving her teaching credentials and we had so much fun watching it. I know that they were from the 1970s but they are as applicable today as they were when they were originally created and when I used to watch them in the 90s. Personally, if everyone watched these and committed them to memory we would all be well informed citizens. So buy it and enjoy. You will be surprised how much you need to re-learn or what your teachers really should have taught you.
My students now sing the exact words to the Preamble.  That pretty much sums up my love for this DVD and series!
My husband is a teacher of middle school English Language Learners.  In the 70s, my own children were singing along with this (conjunction junction; lolly, lolly, lolly...) and their mom couldn't help but sing along too.  Since these concepts are essential, he has found this DVD fun and effective for these youngsters to remember parts of speech.  This 30th Anniversary Special Edition has that and much more, just as remembered.  The extra features are a big plus as well.  You'll love it!
I COULDN'T BELIEVE HOW  QUICKLY I RECEIVED THIS DVD (2DAYS), THIS IS A CLASSIC THAT EVERY FAMILY SHOULD OWN, I GREW UP WATCHING THESES LESSONS AND STILL USE THEM TODAY WITH MY FAMILY. ITS ONE OF THE BEST INVESTMENTS IV MADE.
i'm 50 and dropped out of school in the 8th grade. But i know how the US government works and what the Preamble to the United States Constitution is, and all the things that this dvd has on it. and i learned it saturday morning when i was a kid, waiting for the next cartoon to start. if your kid is a straight A student he won't need this. get him boxing lessons he'll probably need them, but if he's a idiot like me this will Help him in his Future when he go's back to school after he joins the Army, gets married and has 4 kids and wakes up one morning and says to him self. "how in the hell am i going to feed this bunch without a education". the info he accidentally learns on this dvd will give him the Confidence to give school 1 more shot, and make it this time. good luck
I am currently studying to become an elementary school teacher. This movie is the perfect resource which I am certain will help me teach my future students. I have seen already how the interactive and catchy tunes have helped my younger siblings excell. If you buy this movie you will not be disappointed! Thank you Scool House Rock!!!!
I am so glad to have this in my video collection.  Brought huge smiles to my husband and I (and I'm sure my daughter will appreciate it when she is older).  I loved these little bits of educational songs and fun characters when I was a child, and I'm so happy they are around for me to share with my daughter!
I bought this for my kids and 2 more for gifts.  All the kids (still) love it!  And of course, it brings back fond memories of my childhood!
I remember these when they were on TV when I was a kid and years later I can still sing some of those songs from memory. These shorts were always catchy, fun and you learned something.  I'd love to see them back on Saturday morning TV for all kids to experience. The DVD has the segments just as they were. If you loved them back when they aired, you'll enjoy singing along with them them now. And maybe even get a new generation interested.
I love this product.  My 8 year old son came home from school one day singing songs from School House Rock.  I asked him "where did you learn that?  I told him I used to sing it when I was a kid.  He said his teacher played the DVD at school.  He asked me to get it for him to help him learn his multiplication.  I found the product on Amazon.com and surprised him with it.  It is a great educational tool.  It has all the songs I remember.  He watches it on the DVD player while I am driving.  It is a great way to learn while on the road and at home while relaxing.
Schoolhouse Rock is an all-time great.  It is educational and fun to sing the songs.  We purchased it for a 6-year old (and ourselves) and she has learned some of the songs after only watching it a few times.  When she actually does learn this material in school, she will already have a jump start!
This video is an excellent tool for the classroom. We all know that it's easier to learn information when it's put to music. These individual lessons create a friendly learning atmosphere for students to learn important lessons in all core areas. I would highly recommend it to every educator, especially in the elementary levels. It is also great review for middle school and high school students.
I purchased several DVDs (8-10) of the Schoolhouse Rock (Special 30th Anniversary Edition) for my nieces and nephews because I had such fond memories of when I was a child and looked forward to Saturday mornings because that's when Schoolhouse Rock came on TV.  My nieces and nephews are thoroughly enjoying the DVDs and whenever they come to visit they bring the DVD with them so that we can enjoy it together.  Its great fun and a wonderful learning tool.  I LOVE IT still at age 48!!!
Thanks for the prompt delivery of the product. Schoolhouse rock was something I grew up watching Saturday mornings and it still has something to offer for young children today. My wife is a school teacher and will likely use it in her classes.
Like millions of other kids, I grew up watching these videos. Now I'm using them in the classroom and they're working as well for the students as they worked for me.<br /><br />I guess classics never go out of style.
This was a great learning tool for me as a child.  It is frankly the things I remember most.  They are catchy songs which keep kids interested and they don't forget them.  This encompasses all the saturday mornings in one video.  Great price.
It is always great to see these cartoons I grew up with on a regular basis! I am glad I bought it!
I grew up on this stuff, and my kids LOVE it. I've used it to enhance their classroom work, as well as teach Cubscouts aspects of American History and Citizenship. A must-buy, especially at $13!
I ordered this dvd to help my homeschooled son with his multiplication tables.  I watched School House Rock when I was a child, and I watching it again brought back some great memories!  My son has Asperger's Disorder, and he learns best with visual aids and repetition.  Now, if my son gets stuck on a multiplication problem, he sings through the songs he learned on the dvd to help him with the answer!  School House Rock is a great way to help reinforce many areas, from language arts to math.  I highly recommend this dvd!
I'm always singing the lyrics to some of these to my grandbaby without remembering them correctly.  I played it for her the other night. Her eyes lit up and she giggled as she heard the songs I had attempted to sing.  Now she can watch and listen to them.  What a great time we had.  My son learned these when they were on TV as originals.  This is a great learning tool and I recommend it to everyone with young kids!
I loved it for my son. I learned from these shows as a child and I hope it does the same for my child.
We ordered this Schoolhouse Rock series to use in the education of our children.  We remember these when we were children and thought it would be a great series to use for the next generation.  The kids love them and already sig along to some of the songs.
This is awesome, just like old times, all the great jingles!  I love it
Our child is much too young to really understand this, but we thought we might as well try to hold her attention with something educational. She doesn't really care about watching any TV and this didn't change that, but it's better than Barney!
Our 3 and 6 year olds love the videos and have started memorizing some of the songs.  Hopefully, they will remember the grammer rules when writing.  Even my wife and I sometimes sing the songs.  This was well worth the cost.
I love this CD!  I use it to help my students with their grammar and it makes things a lot of fun! The songs from my youth are fun a wonderful reminder for those who heard them as kids, and wonderful new experience for the younger students.
loved watching it as a child and love watching them with my kids. They really make learning easy and fun
The songs I remembered (and loved) are better than I remembered! I'd forgotten several that came back to me as I watched them, and they're great. The newest ones aren't quite as good, but they're not bad and they're pure bonus.  I'm so impressed by how many songs have been included.  The audio/visual quality is great, the selection screens are very nice, and all of this for so little money!  Yay!
Loved it then, love it now.  I am introducing it to my kids and they really enjoy it...
This brings back so many memories from when I was a child.  Great for anyone's collection.  My five year old son loves this DVD!
I am replacing my old VHS tapes, because over the course of 24 years, my kids are STILL watching--and wearing them out!  Simplicity and pure genius at work with our educational system.  No wonder I'm raising a bunch of retro-kids who are surpassing their peers based on BASICS and not "super-curriculums"! "Verb", "Naughty Number Nine", "Interjections", and "Mother Necessity" are my favorites, tho' I love em' all!
I have loved these songs since I was a kid.  They are timeless little songs that are easy to learn and therefore help you remember importants facts such as "a noun is a person, place or thing."<br />From multipication, to english, to history, this is a fun way to learn.
Has all the classics as well as the later Schoolhouse Rock songs.  The best part is you can custom create a playlist of the classic numbers.  Great dvd!
These timeless vignettes covering the four core basics of education are a fun and entertaining way of picking up those little facts that so often allude us. Having them on one dvd is a great help for a parent or teacher, or even a student. It is all localized and easy to use. It does have a factor of dating to the topic, but it is still very acceptable.<br />JoAnne Dandin
This was purchased for a High School Social Studies/ History teacher...the classes had never seen them before. They were learning about the constitution and this fit right in. After class, the hallways were filled with "Singing". This video is not just for those who remember them, or the very young, but for all ages.
This is so fun for kids and adults.  I use this as a review with GED adult students and with elementary students as an introduction to parts of speech.  We ALL enjoy them!
It's so nice to be able to show my kids the School House Rock collection - something that I grew up watching and loving.
I am so happy to have rediscovered these great clips that introduce in a funny and easy way how to learn your numbers and verbs and nouns.  It brought back such a time in my life where things were simple, I LOVE IT AND YOU WILL TOO.
I forgottedn how much information they used to put in these songs. Buy this item for your kids now because even after 3 decades there still isnt anything better!
I remember these programs being on tv on Saturday mornings.  As a teacher, I am now using them in my classroom.  The kids love them!
This video has every song and as a teacher I have gotten to use it multiple times...I teach middle school and the songs are great because they are light and goofy but get the point across.
A generation of American kids grew up with School House Rock. Now our kids can, too!<br /><br />Includes everything that you ever saw, plus new stuff, plus a few that were made back then but never released. 2 DVDs plus a nice booklet. Some of the animated songs are better than others, but then again we can't watch "I'm Just a Bill" and "Conjunction Junction" all day long!<br /><br />This must be one of the most beloved products on amazon. Out of over five hundred voters, 88 PERCENT give it 5 stars, and 96 PERCENT give it at least 4 stars.
I grew up watching school house rock. The DVD brought back so many memories. Now I can share these simple lessons with my kids ages 2 and 6. I decided to buy it after seeing the play school House rock live. I'm really glad that I bought it. My son enjoys the option of mild or spicy. Which is watching the songs in order or in random order. I have never see this option on a DVD before.
I learned a lot from these videos.  I hope my granddaughters learn a lot from them as well.
Our two-year-old boy is loving this DVD and all the songs.<br /><br />Cracked us up when he sang, "Conjuction Junction, what's your function?  Hooking up words and frozen waffles..."<br /><br />Buy it - you won't be disappointed.  Only thing that could be better is the DVD navigation.
I love this DVD set.  It takes me back to my Saturday mornings as a kid, singing along at the top of my lungs!  LOL  My husband is in love all over again as well.  Now with our 3 yr old we are creating new memories.  There are days when we are driving and he starts singing "Conjuntion, Juntion, what's your function"  I love it!  What a great feeling!
Like a lot of reviewers I had seen the SHR clips when my kids were little. Now that I keep one of my grandchildren fulltime I was looking for something to teach Math, History, Science, Grammar etc. in a fun manner. This DVD has a little bit of everything. Another reviewer had mentioned instead of having the kids listen to nursery rhymes let them hear SHR. Made sense to me. The fact that so many reviewers recall how remembering these catchy tunes helped them during stressful tests made me interested enough to purchase this DVD. Plus it's a great value with 2 DVDs, and ALL 46 songs! I enjoy the DVD as much as my little toddler does. I'm sure she will have even more appreciation of the wit and educational value of this video as she gets older. The Playlist feature is great! I love the options you are given in using this DVD. The only complaint I have is the over the top number of Disney promos at the beginning. I can see having one preview, but the number they place at the beginning is unnecessary, stupid and annoying.
This is a good dvd set to not only remember the good times of childhood, but to teach your grandchildren about grammer and math etc. I'm watching it now and I remember The Preamble Song. I seen it when I was about 7 but when I took the constitution test in 8th grade and had to write The Preamble, I remembered the song and got an A+ on the test. This set is for everyone.
This is great.  So many memories for me and new adventures for my daughter.
This edition has both grammar and science.  I like being able to use the specific topic easily.
As a reviewer, I cannot add more to the long and very excellent discussion of the "Schoolhouse Rock" cartoons.  As a teacher, however, I can say that not only are these little gems entirely appropriate to the classroom, but a wonderful vehicle still for teaching the "basics" of language, the parts of speech, and the workings of government.  I would strongly recommend them.
Seems there is a whole mass of people, now in their late thirties and forties, who can recite school house rock verbatim and sound well-educated. I'd never heard of it, but was impressed to hear my husband sing "Conjunction Junction, What's Your Function?" and the preambles of the U. S. Constitution. Kids should listen to "School House Rock" in their classrooms as well as at home, I'm so impressed: plenty of catchy melodies and memory tools to help kids (and adults like me) remember important information. CD we have, and listen to, but I thought the DVD would be nice addition for visual (and I tend to be TV avoidant). DVD includes original 46 animated songs, a new "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College," and some extras, including an "Earn Your Diploma" trivia game. But, I bought the DVD only for the 46 original songs. What a find!
I'm very satisfied.  I use this to help introduce topics in my 5th grade classroom.  The kids love it.  Still relevant after all these years.
I grew up with School House Rock and simply loved it.  I recently purchased the Special 30th Anniversay Edition for my grandson so he could enjoy it too.  He loves it just as much as I did, and as I still do!  We've watched and enjoyed it together.
I teach fourth grade and bought this product to use in my classroom. The students love it. They are now requesting to hear different songs. They think they are just being able to watch a movie but I have seen a spike in quiz scores since I started showing these three minute miracles.
My grandson loves this video . . . he beggs to watch it and is learning so much so fast!
I love this video. It reminds me of Saturday mornings when I was a kid.
I grew up with Schoolhouse Rock!  I am so delighted that I get to share all of these great videos with my daugher.  We both LOVE them!!!
Product just as I remembered as a Saturday morning cartoon loving kid! But...it's even better with added features and new songs. Very helpful teaching my child the preamble.
This DVD set is great for memorization. Kids want to do extra school with this product everyday.
It is foolish to not use these brilliant videos now. These videos teach about more than grammer..they teach about the economy, using energy resourses, and many lessons we got as kids. In song form no less..<br /> Mabye we should remember what a valuable resource this is, and its FUN for them. The songs are catchy and stick in your head..even after over ten years I still know all of the words and lessons taught. I play these for my kids all of the time.
I didn't watch this at all when I was a kid.  I think it started just at the age I stopped watching Saturday morning cartoons.  So, I got it as an adult and watched it.  What fun!  Soon my kids will be watching them too I hope.
I loved these as a kid. Now my kids love them. I still love them!!!!!
Even today's generation of kids loves this collection!  Educational and fun! These productions have stood the test of time and our 8 year old, along with us, loves 'em! This will not disappoint!
Love School House Rock. My kids (almost 4 and almost 6) enjoy the entire disc. I even hear them singing the songs around the house and asking more questions about the things they are learning. Very Cool. Also a great refresher for parents on all the school facts that we have most certainly forgotten along the way.
This collection has every song they made. It's fun & brings back great memories of childhood Saturday mornings! Fast delivery, O/G product & sealed. I lost my remote, but can still operate manually, so I'm happy!
I bought this for my grandson's birthday.  They all love to receive DVDs and they'd viewed Schoolhouse Rock videos from the library.<br /><br />This was even better than they expected.  My daughter loves the way it is set up so you can choose from the various themes.<br /><br />The children all loved it.  It kept the attention of the two year old and the older children were not only entertained but learned a lot.<br /><br />This is definitely a five star DVD (and nostalgic for those of us who remember when they were on TV).
This is an all-time great. I remeber these coming on as commercials whne I was growin up and used them to get me past a few tests all the way up to high school. Now I have gotten it for my children and also bought it for an english teacher in Japan to use with their class. Its a must have.
Some will watch School House Rock for nostalgia. Some will watch it for education. Some will watch it for kitsch. Many will watch it because they can't get the catchy songs out of their head. No matter your reason, there's a lot to love in these classic cartoons.
I initially purchase this DVD for my kids, after all these are the same jingles that I listened to growing up and learning about grammar. My kids are enjoying them thoroughly! The surprise for me came, because I never truly realized how many different jingles they had made. I am certain that anyone who is looking for their Saturday morning nostalgic fix will not be disappointed.
This set has every school house rock video on it. I often pull it out to introduce concepts (conjunctions or taxes) and then follow up with the lesson. No complaints.
thirty years on, and the bill waiting to be a law is still just as catchy as it was when i first heard it.  only now, it's my kids walking around, singing about the shot heard 'round the world.  and truthfully, i don't know how my parents survived the interjection of lally, or the conjunction junction.  i have a four year old sining the nines, and a three year old quoting parts of the preamble.  yeah, some of this is very dated--the idea of shopping with a check?  elbow room?  the electricity song makes me cringe a bit, but they get the IDEA, in big capital letters.  and the want to hear it again and again and again.  lovin' it.  yay!
I wanted quality movies for my kids to watch and this really fits the bill
I love this DVD!  My students love watching, they are younger, and did not get to watch the videos on Saturday mornings like I did as a child.  I have loved remembering my childhood, and I have loved watching my students start to learn in a different way.
Although I say I bought this video for the kids, I really bought it for me!  I grew up loving these songs and it was a great trip down memory lane watching them.<br /><br />Although the kids are a little young for the material (2 & 5) They enjoyed the cartoons and the songs.  I figure if they memorize the songs now, math will be easier when the time comes.  They learn better with songs and music at this age.
what a sheer joy to recieve this double cd in australia..jack sheldon.bob dorough,dave frisberg,blossom dearie and possibly a few others of jazz heratige;all adding their distinctive voices and delivery to a bunch of early primary school lyrics with a purpose..blossoms "figure 8" is a masterpiece of childish innocence enhanced by simple animation (the upturned nose on the little schoolgirl) while the irreplaceable jack sheldon in "conjunction junction " is still alive and singing in los angeles to this day.,<br />  by the way if you ever have the opportunity to visit the annual deleware water gap "celebration of the arts" in september you can expect to hear bob dorough presiding over the childrens tent!!..a hardy lot these jazz icons.....
Great value for ALL of the Schoolhouse Rock videos.  My class just loves it when I pop this one in.  After a short video on what our skill is for the day, they almost moan that it is over...they want more!  Perfect condition for a super item.
My husband says this is his best birthday present ever.  He turned 37 today.
I loved these videos on Saturdays when I was a kid!<br />Now my kids get to re-discover them.<br />I love this set!
I technically grade this 4.5 stars :-)! Had real & modern day schools rocked on this unique path of learning, we'd be fun loving, rhythmically generous/genius. I remember as a child thinking it was a blip or an extra commercial before the morning cartoons continued. It's not hung up on who's the best teacher but WHAT'S the best teacher with everyone participating! It affords you the luxury of seeing it, singing it, repeating it, moving or dancing it, enjoying it and then behold, learning & understanding it! Be it about grammar, multiplication, science, money, voting or America. It was so fun to watch the Special 30th Anniversary Edition dvd afer not seeing or hearing the songs since the 70's and singing (eyebrows raised) with the characters as enthusiastically as back then...educational fun, WOW, that's a positive impact! And the dvd's are user friendly, interesting and came with a keepsake booklet featuring a short interview with one of the creators displaying a (dated ha ha) photo, chapter index and lyrics to the top ten Schoolhouse Rock tunes. This is a definite keeper, pardon me, gift for children who are at ease with school/teaching or for those who find it a challenge or worse a bore! My two dvd's arrived in great condition. Thanks so much!
My 6 year old loves it, my husband loves it, I love it. We watch it together and apart. The cartoons are fun and educational-and this DVD has them all on it! A must buy!
This video is awesome! All of the educational videos I used to see on TV as a kid! My kids love them just as I did!!
I remember some of it from TV growing up!<br />It's entertaining and educational, which makes it a "must buy" if you have young children.<br />My boys learned a lot from it like science and history, and they still like to watch it every now and then.<br />Some parts are also great for adults!
I think I bought this just as much for myself as for my five year old daughter.  She absolutely loves it!
I'm very pleased to have found this School House Rock dvd!  My kids 11 & 6 actually sit, jump, and sing "together peacefully" enjoying the shows!
The box was in the original, unopened/brand new condition.  I was very happy with my purchase and with the speedy service I received.  The little one this was purchased for, loves to watch it!
I got this for my 3rd grader's classroom to use.  My son comes home telling me about how they use it for the various subjects they're studying,singing the songs that I still remember from 30+(was it that long?)years ago when cartoons were only on Saturday mornings.  It was more than worth the price-an excellent bargain.  Thanks!
This complete collection is fun and has an easy to navigate menu.  A great deal for the price.  I'll always remember the Preamble to the Constitution!
This DVD is great!  All my favorites (as well as others that I had forgotten!) from my favorite Saturday morning snippets that I remember growing up!  I've bought one for each of my nieces/nephews as well as other friends' kids!  These were so fun and valuable to me when I was growing up (you could hear most of the class humming to the Constitution's preamble during a test in High School social studies!) and I hope the music mixed with learning will be valuable to this next generation, too!
Schoolhouse Rock! is just what every family with small children needs to balance out the learning at home (or in the car!).  I bought several as Christmas gifts, for young and old, as the compilation is as timeless as the art of getting a child to learn what otherwise could be construed as mundane or rote memorization information.  My siblings will appreciate the nostalgia, and I believe my nephews will benefit greatly from what I used to see on Saturdays, between all the "cool" shows!
I was elated to be able to purchase this DVD edition.  As a young child, these were on Saturday mornings between cartoons.  What a shame they have not continued to air these educational clips!  Learning will take place without the child even knowing it.
my little one has a hard time memorizing some things for school<br />but she loves to sing so this really helped her
This brought back a lot of fond memories of "watching the commercials" in between the cartoons on Saturday morning.  Anyone over 40 should definitely remember them.  I plan on showing them to my grand kids so I can be sure that in today's lackluster education system they will at least have learned AND RETAINED something beneficial.
I have found that there is much to be valuable with my third graders. Music is a great medium to anchor learning. Some of the music is "dated" but the kids still love it.
Great video! My kids have loved watching it and learning the songs.  They have even begged to take it to school to share with teachers and friends.  This would be a great gift for teachers.
Brings back a lot of memories.  Has all of the old favorites.  I bought this to help me teach kids about the constitution becuase I remembered those videos from when I was a kid.  Kids still love these videos.
I bought this for my children. I can say it brought back memories. The product was unscratched, well packaged and the content is what I thought, it is the original deal.
Schoolhouse rock was a fantastic learning tool when it was first created in the 70s and is just as popular with kids today as it was then!
This product was exactly what I was looking for - all the School House Rocks! favorites for my kids.  No real complaints, but things to point out to would-be purchasers:  lots of Disney promotions that you can skip by going right to the menu.  Also, a couple of songs were re-animated, not that my kids would know.  (But the kid in me noticed, prefers the original animation from memory out of nostalgia ,and thinks the new animation is sub-par/hokey).  Still satisfied with my purchase though.
I have used the School House Rock DVD with young children and with preservice early childhood teachers.  Music is a powerful medium through which to acquire and retain information.  What's great about this DVD is it has all of the songs created for all of the subject areas.  Everyone loves it.  The children are captivated by the songs and images.  The teachers love recalling how much they enjoyed watching the videos when they were growing up and they can remember the songs as if they heard them just yesterday.  Parents can use this DVD at home and teachers can use it to supplement their instruction.
Good to have subtitles for all the songs, but it would be best if lyrics of all the songs come with the DVD.
Me and my mom just love School House Rock. It just brought back so many great memories for her. I think this is a great dvd to help younger children learn about history, math,language,science, and money.
I grew up on Schoolhouse Rock - - didn't we all?  My husband and I bought the videos for our son (10 years ago??) and now we wanted the DVD for our daughter.  I have so many favorites on it that I can't help but sing along.  My daughter looks at me, then at the t.v., then back at me... I'm not sure if she's enjoying the segments or enjoying how I sing along!  Pretty soon, she'll be singing along too!  And of course, it is only because of Schoolhouse Rock that I know any of the Preamble to the Constitution...  You too??
Now doesn't this remind you of those great Saturday morinings a long time ago? Schoolhouse Rock is a classic. When I first ordered this, I convinced myself that I was getting it for the kids. Well, I think I've watched it more than they have! Great songs, cute cartoons, and it has that nostalgic appeal that the 30+ generation will appreciate. Excellent DVD for the young, and uhhhhh, the old. Lol!<br /><br />DJ Come of Age
Have always loved schoolhouse Rock, and now I have every episode on one DVD!  Who could ask for anything more!
Love it - reminds me of my childhood and now my kids are enjoying it!
I bought this video for my sons because these songs had a great effect on my schooling. I was hooked from "Conjunction Junction" and never stopped being a fan.<br /><br />We like to play this DVD in the mornings, selecting the "spicy" version, which plays the songs in random order. Our children watch it as they have breakfast.<br /><br />This makes me happy for two reasons:<br /><br />1. I know the catchy songs will help them learn, just as they did for me;<br /><br />2. and, because my kids can enjoy this DD instead of being bombarded by TV commercials.<br /><br />We actually rented this DVD from Netflix first to see if our kids were going to like it. We also have rented the first seasons of Sesame Street, The Electric Company, The Muppet Show and Fraggle Rock. We don't own a lot of DVDs but I'm glad we added Schoolhouse Rock to our collection.
I jumped at the chance to have these classics for my very own and it totally exceeded my expectations!  Anytime my kids hear me say, "I used to watch this when I was young!", they usually pass on watching it.  Not this time.  After the first 15 seconds they were GLUED to the television.  Also, I'm able to play the dvd's on our computer so they can just sit and hear the songs while they play.  They're reviewing their Math, English and History facts AND they're enjoying it!
Wow this brought back those saturday morning at mom's house. I'm glad i purchased this dvd.
Let's put it this way - I learned more from School House Rocks than I did from grammar school, way more. I hummed those tunes throughout my US Gov't class finals in high school - And when I popped this DVD in for my daughter for the first time, I was honestly astounded at how many of these little gems I still knew by heart. I think any child of 70's will agree, no review necessary - School House Rocks rules.
A few years ago, when I found out that Schoolhouse Rock was out on DVD, I was definitely overjoyed, and to make it even better, it was celebrating its 30th anniversary, so I ordered a copy of it for myself. I remember my years in elementary school (2nd-6th grade, especially), watching Saturday morning cartoons and then seeing a Schoolhouse Rock toon. Anyone who has kids (which I don't) or grew up in the 70s (which I did) needs to have this 2-DVD set because it is wonderful! I love every single thing about this 2-DVD set. I love the fact that it's got all 46 oringinal animated Schoolhouse Rock toons plus the new Schoolhouse Rock toon called "I'm gonna send your vote to college", plus you can play the toons in their seperate categories (grammar rock, america rock, multiplication rock, science rock & money rock) or all of the toons together, either in order or in shuffle play. I also like the top 10 jukebox feature. The bonus features on disc 2 are really amazing, such as the long-lost Schoolhouse Rock toon "The Weather Show", the 3 out of 4 Schoolhouse Rock toon set called "Scooter Computer & Mr. Chips", the top 20 countdown of Schoolhouse Rock toons, the 4 music videos by certain music groups and the Nike commercial set to the tune of "Three is a magic number". The audio commentaries are interesting, but what's really neat are the surround-sound version of "I'm gonna send your vote to college" the behind-the-scenes featurette about the making of "I'm gonna send your vote to college", the featurette about the Schoolhouse Rock creators winning 4 Emmy Awards and the 2 interactive games: the arrange-a-song puzzles game & the "Earn Your Diploma" trivia game. Altogether, this is a perfect 2-DVD set and I recommend it to anyone who has children or just wishes to relive their childhood because it is GREAT and if I were a teacher & they were in my class, I'd tell the Schoolhouse Rock creators that they passed with flying colors!
Oh, what memories this brought of lazy Saturday mornings spent in front of the TV when I was a kid just watching cartoons...if only I could go back to that time!  Playing these really did remind me of then and brought back the kid in me  :-)
Great way for students to remember some grammar rules.  Catchy tunes that are timeless.
We loved this when it was the Saturday morning commercial, and we still can sing the songs today!  My son is learning the preamble and this was a great learning tool!  Brought back good memories!
My son loves it.  Not only is it entertaining, it is educational even for adults.
This video seriously takes me back a few years.  My children were surprised when their 40 year old mother could still recite the Preamble and it was because of this video.  Remember when cartoons taught you real life lessons and didn't always involve space aliens?
How is it that I remember most of these songs?  My 4 year old is now singing the lyrics and learning at the same time.  This is absolutely the best way for her to learn:  by making it fun and memorable.  If we had had these in school when I was learning my mulitplication tables, it may have gone better... ;)  This is one video I feel happy to let her "veg out" to, because she is absorbing all kinds of information while she is relaxing.  LOVE this video!
This brought me back to childhood, watching Saturday morning cartoons.  I now teach 3rd grade and find it to be a valuable tool to teach the Parts of Speech.  The students love it and know almost all of the songs!  I could not ask for a better tool!
One day, I saw parents teaching their son and daughter the fundamentals of grammar. The first thing that came to mind was having grown up with School House Rock. The children particularly enjoyed singing along whether it was, "a noun is a person place or thing", "conjunction junction what's your function" or "lolly lolly lolly get your adverbs in." This comprehensive muscial teaching and learning medium remains most invaluable over thirty years later and still rocks!
I purchased this to use as an introduction to a conjunction and interjection unit for my 7th graders. They thought it was great! They wrote down the words and have been singing them every since. Even better, all of my students passed the final quiz over the unit and since I teach special needs kids that is a HUGE deal for them!
I have a school age son that has trouble memorizing his times tables. One day I remembered the ABC School House Rocks shorts that used to play on Saturady mornings when I was a kid. I bought this for my eight year old and he loves it. He goes around the house singing all the songs.
This is a wonderful collection of songs that educate youth in a fun and interactive way. The songs cover a multitude of lessons from multiplication, history, science, and english, and keep kids' interest. I am so pleased with this dvd, and know it will enhance lessons that my kids learn in school. Even my 5 year old grandson loves singing along, so it will be a breeze when it's time for him to learn his times tables!
My kids love these videos. It helps them to retain alot of useful knowledge about various subjects.
I loved watching this on Saturday mornings as a kid. Now my kids have the chance to watch it as well and they love it as well. My five year old is always singing one of the songs. Just by having fun my child is learning math and much more. Not only are my kids having fun My husband and I are also enjoying reliving part of our youth.
This is actually my SECOND copy of Schoolhouse Rock!  My first was misplaced and I missed it so much I had to get a replacement.<br /><br />I grew up with the Rocks! and even got extra credit in high school when we had to memorize the preamble...all those people who remember it are probably humming it right now.<br /><br />To show you how timeless this is my next door neighbor child was having problems with her multiplication of 3's so I broke out "Three is a magic number" and she got it right away.<br /><br />All the Rocks! are here, science, grammar, America and all of them.  The extras are great, a new song and all!<br /><br />If you remember these you'll love going down memory lane, if you know someone that needs to learn but hates the studying this is also for them, you learn and aren't even aware
I bought this video for my 3rd grade daughter to help her with Multiplication.  Now my Kindergarten son is learning them with her, along with other subjects.  I am so glad I bought this DVD.  I was concerned it might be a bit dated, but my children don't seem to mind.
This DVD is wonderful. They took every Schoolhouse Rock song ever made and put it into one DVD, with a couple new songs as well. It's exactly what we grew up with, there was no "remastering" or anything that would take away from the original quality of the clips. It's great for adults who like nostalgia and for kids who have trouble remembering the names of the planets or the 8 times tables. A must buy!
I loved it when I was a kid, and I still remember many of the words (conjunction junction, what's your function...) and now my kids are singing it! I know everyone says that, but I have an 11-year old, a 4 year-old and a 9 year old- who has Autism. All the kids LOVE it, but the 9 year-old is completely smitten- he watches it every day after school. It has done WONDERS for him on his muliplication tables. Because many autistic children are drawn to music, this is a great way to teach without tears. I ordered an extra copy for school, and gave a copy to my friend with a special needs child. WELL WORTH THE $[...] each! I would have paid TWICE that for the 2 DVD sets, which are organized by subject.
Great dvd set.  All the educational cartoons are clean and bright with flawless sound.  Great special features.  Enjoyable for those of us who grew up with these cartoons and for the new generation.  A very stimulating way to learn.
I was so glad to find that this is still available. I loved it as a kid and my kids love it too... they've learned a lot from it. It was also worth getting the CD so they can listen to the songs in the car. It's nice to hear your kids sing the Preamble to the Constitution rather than a Hannah Montana lyric!!
What a good way to step back into childhood :)<br />These songs are fun and educational. This is a good addition to any teacher's library. It can be used as a fun thing to do for 10 minutes or as an extension for educational concepts. I especially like the English songs for use in the classroom.
For years my wife and I would run down different songs to our two boys from these memorable learning tools. Now they see how great Schoolhouse Rock really was. And though I purchased the DVD back in 2002, and now my sons are almost 21 and 14, the little teaching tunes still stick in their heads. But truth-be-told, my wife and I really purchased Schoolhouse due to our own fond memories.
What else is there to say, this is agreat classic.  My 3rd grader bleew through Multiplication and Division in two weeks with the help of Multiplication Rock.  The hardest part was getting her not to watch all the other great episodes.
Excellent product. My children love it. This is a product I enjoyed as a child myself. Very educational. Lots of fun. Fast service. I would definitely make additional purchases from this seller.
I ordered this DVD for my son, because I had such wonderful memories of School House Rock episodes from Saturday mornings during my childhood. (I learned my time-tables through school house rock, and even learned the preamble to the constitution!) While I did very much enjoy reliving the episodes from my childhood, I found the DVD very difficult to navigate.
I love watching the Schoolhouse Rock segments with my kids and have seen them learn a lot from watching them.  The songs are timeless and still hold the attention of kids.
Makes learning fun for kids. Once you learn these songs, you remember what they are teaching for life!
I bought this video as a lark.  I used it to stick a wake-up needle into my ELA classes and it turned out they loved it!  To my surprise many of my high school students somehow missed seeing these wonderful lessons on TV.  What was to be a teacher to student prank on the last day before spring break turned into a superb student learning experience...  Many were caught singing "Conjunction Junction" as they were walking off campus!
I purchased this dvd for my daughter.  She was having a horrible time in her math class learning multiplication.  After watching the dvd, she likes to do her math homework, she sings the songs to remember the answers.<br />As a third grade student, my teacher had the records of School House Rock.  I loved them and still remember the tunes and remember most of the songs.  Two generations can't be wrong.  I recommend this dvd to everyone with kids or those who still struggle with school.
I loved it as a kid, and now my toddler is also in love with it. I feel much better about him watching this than most other shows on TV. The songs are so much fun, and there are a lot of good, positive messages in with the educational material.
If these types of educational products were mainstream today, then kids could read and have fewer troubles with academics.
I loved to watch these when I was growing up and had Saturday mornings free to just be a kid.<br /><br />Now I use them in my high school classes to introduce new topics and parts of speech (English Teacher) and my freshmen through seniors love them.  They are still appropriate and fun.  And it breaks up what can seem to be boring (grammar) at times.<br /><br />I loved that I could get all the snippets in one DVD.  It just makes job that much easier.
Watching this reminded me just how much those catchy little tunes stuck with me.  I hadn't heard some of them since the mid 1970s but they came back to me instantaneously.  I remember Bill the bill waiting to become law, the nouns, electricity, interjections, and the rest.<br /><br />The entire concept was unique (though remember in the 1970s the FCC had more control over television content as they do now).  But nowadays television commercial time is far more valuable than actually teaching the kids something.  Without sounding too much liike George Carlin, I do believe the people who control our televisions have no desire to actually educate their viewers.  They just want to sell stuff, crap we don't really need.<br /><br />But back to the subject at hand.  These are short, simple lessons on how grammer, our government, science, and financial systems work.  They overlook some deatils in some of the segments, but the general point is well made.  I recommend this DVD to anyone with small children or those not so small children who want to relive a piece of their own past.
If you grew up in the 70's and 80's and watched Saturday morning cartoons, chances are at least ONE, if not several of the "School House Rock" songs remain stuck in your memory 'til this very day!<br /><br />If you only vaguely recall some of these songs, I guarantee that you'll have a HUGE grin on your face when your full memory is triggered! The innocence and simplicity behind the songs and the artwork is remarkable, and are qualities that absolutely do NOT detract from, but instead actually enhance the informational content. These short cartoon music videos are exactly what young impressionable minds of the 70's and early 80's needed!<br /><br />If you're into 70's and 80's nostalgia, this is a great buy! School House Rock.... rules!<br /><br />My only complaint is the menu structure on the DVD, which is complex and confusing to navigate. The person who designed the menu should be FIRED!<br /><br />JM
How much did we learn from these little snipets on topics from "how a bill becomes a law" to "conjunction junction!"  ???  Fun to watch with nieces/nephews and let them pick out their favorites!
Some of these brought back memories, others I had never seen.  Mainly bought this for my wife and she loved it.<br /><br />The menu was poorly designed and hard to navigate.
I was thrilled when I came across this DVD. I myself own the original vhs copies of School House Rock, but they were starting to get damaged when I decided to buy the dvd. Has all the remembered favorites in a "jukebox" setting.<br /><br />I agree that the Disney folks did go overboard on the advertising, but hey, it's only the first section of the dvd, I just skipped buy it.<br /><br />When I put the dvd in my player, I had to turn the volume up extremely loud to hear it, that is my only complaint about the disk. It's awesome to have all my childhood fav's on one DVD. I would recommend for anyone, young or old!
If you grew up in the 70's you know and love SHR.  I showed to my son and he loves it.  He sing the songs and counts out the numbers.  I would recommend it to anyone and everyone, for education or just for fun.
My 7 year old son and I watch this whenever he is working through language arts and may have forgotten the nuances of an adverb vs. and adjective.<br /><br />He is really enjoying the patriotic songs about the pilgrims, colonies, revolutionary war.  He has learned alot about things like taking care of the earth, how a bill goes through the process of becoming a law.  I forgot how fun it is to watch these cartoons and the tunes are still catchy.<br /><br />My only complaint is the quality of the sound.  Some are better or worse than others.  We get around this these days by turning on the close caption so that we can read along too.
Schoolhouse Rock is an outstanding tool to pique the interest of education for the next generation. I purchased the DVD as a gift for my niece and she loves it. In time, now she too can delve even deeper into the various topics touched on/portrayed within this classic educational tool so that she can come to understand the real truth about knowledge is king.
My husband & I grew up on School House Rock & now our kids love them too!  My kids age 3, 6 & 9 all love to sing along to the great songs!  We especially love to watch them on road trips!  GREAT FAMILY FUN (& they are learning too!!!)
I cannot express how much I love this DVD.  I received it from my sister for Christmas 2007. We popped the DVD in early that morning and danced and sang around the house for the 4 days that I was in town.  My sister and I had a blast.<br /><br />Schoolhouse Rock originally aired on ABC in the early 70's in between cartoons on Saturday morning TV.  Although I recognized back then that these were educational cartoons, I only just realized how much knowledge I truly absorbed once I saw the DVD at Christmas.  The rules of grammer that I now spat verbatim when asked a writing question clearly came from what I learned from watching SHR in the 70s.  I'd previously thought I learned these things in school somewhere between elementary education and earning my BA in English.  Apparently, I was wrong.<br /><br />I would recommend this DVD to everyone; but, especially those who grew up with them or have small children.  The songs and cartoons are timeless.  I agree that the Disney advertisements are annoying but not enough to change my rating of the DVD overall.  As the distributor, it is only natural that Disney would seek to promote their other videos and movies.  Just "fast-forward" the DVD.  You'll be in for loads of fun once you finally arrive at the SHR menu and can access Grammer Rock, Multiplication Rock, America Rock, Science Rock and more.
As a child watching this in elementary school, I remember images from songs and fragmented lyrics still. Recently, I decided to buy this movie for my brother who struggles with practically every subject found on this DVD. As a result of watching it and listening to the lyrics, he has become more aware of the "simple" answers these songs describe repeatedly. I would recommend this DVD to all parents/guardians because this DVD is capable of explaining concepts to children in a way that most adults cannot clarify for children.<br /><br />The concepts applied in the songs allow a child to follow along willingly and easily. Because the songs are catchy, it's easy to begin singing them when you least expect it. This is the ideal gift for children because the characters are easy to relate to and comprehend. Concepts are broken down into the simplest form for children unable to fully grasp certain ideas (like multiples of 8). I don't want to completely credit this DVD with my brother's much improved grades; however, I know it did do wonders for him as a result.
I got this DVD as a Christmas present for someone.  To me, this collection is possible the best thing ever to share with a young child.  The music is catchy, which makes learning more fun.  When I was younger, I would watch these shorts every Saturday morning, and enjoyed every one of them.  I would recommend getting this to help a young boy or girl get a good head-start in learning - or maybe you can get it yourself just for old-times sake.
Worth every penny. My son just turned 5 and loves it. The commercialism and marketing of other products on the DVD doesnt bother me. If you just simply go straight to the Menu, you can get to the songs pretty fast. I can also pick and choose which is nice over the VHS versions(of course)! He likes certain songs and likes to go straight to those catagories.
Perfect little intro dvd for a HOST of different topics of study.  I bought it for the science section to play as intro to my early elementary students.  Great info in a short amount of time without all the fluff that the Magic School Bus videos toss in.
I used to watch this when I was younger and was glad to see I could buy it for my nieces.  It came quickly and was a great hit as a Christmas present.
Watching these Schoolhouse Rock classics with my children was awesome.  Not only did it take me back to my childhood, but now my children will grow up remembering these catchy educational tunes.
The restoration of the schoolhouse rock series is awesome and one couldn't ask for more!!  Schoolhouse rock continues to educate years later! :)
I watched this show as a kid and I gave it to my kids as a Christmas gift and they loved it.  They will watch it over and over again.
This was a blast from the past... this video brought back good memories of Saturday morning cartoons...anyone growing up in the '70s will remember School House Rock.  I recommend this tape for memories sake and for future generations... School House Rock is a great learning tool
it is a good way for me to study for things that we talk about in history like for ex: how a bill becomes a law, and when we talked about what it says in the preamble, and The three branches of government.
A must for ALL children<br /><br />I have donated many copies to schools, to view when bad weather prevented them from going outside to recess.<br /><br />EDUCATIONAL ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!
I enjoyed these songs growing up so I purchased this product to use in a classroom.  The kids love it! It made multiplication go much smoother!
As a 40 year old, I watched schoolhouse rock every Saturday morning as a kid in the 70's, and at the time did not realize the impact of learning that was to be gained.<br /><br />I've recently purchased for my nephew and am excited to know that he and his Mom (my sister who watched with me), can watch and sing these together.
This item was purchased for a 10 year old boy with autism and he loves it. It has been a blast from the past for me because it includes all of the songs from the original schoolhouse rock.
I love this product.  I remember being in school, and watching these videos.  I am studing to become a teacher, and thought it would be a great addition to my collection.  It is great.  Thank you.  It was in great condition, and arrived so quickly!
My Children loved it when they were growing up.  Now I bought it for my grandchilren.  They love it too!
My kids (8,6,3 & 8 months) LOVE this DVD and it's great that they learn as they watch and sing.  It stirs up questions about grammar, math, and U.S. History and I love that they've become curious about learning more about those subjects.  I think it's a subtle but useful teaching tool.  I have played it in the car and then pause it to have great conversations with my kids about what the songs are about.  Plus, it brings me back to happy Saturday mornings gone by, so I love it too.
What can I say?  School House Rock is the definitive way of getting kids to learn: through animation and song.  As a veteran jr. high History teacher, this DVD has been invaluable in getting kids to remember some basic facts about our country's history, even the Preamble of our Constitution.  I grew up with it in the 70s and still think it has a place in our young people's minds even now.
We bought this because my husband I were nostalgic and had fun remembering these educational musical animated shorts from our childhood.  My 7 & 9 year old love it, too and have their favorites songs. We don't mind watching a bit of TV when its fun and educational.
I am using this with my grandson of 41/2<br />He loves the "my hero, the zero" song and has watched it about 25 times<br />he also enjoys the other songs.<br /><br />He chooses one he likes. And then as we watch that one, he then opens up to watching other ones.<br /><br />It acts as an intro and gets across basic concepts.<br /><br />The melodies are good and the animation is fun.<br /><br />19 mo old even watches it.
My wife and I got this for our own nostalgia, but our three year old loves it.<br />It's a complete collection and it is very well assembled. I can't imagine anyone over thirty not wanting this in his or her library.
This DVD brings me back to my younger years of watching these tv shows on saturday mornings and singing all the songs.  Great for anyone who grew up in the 1970's.
Boy, was it fun reliving conjunction junction and I'm only a Bill with our son who is 4...he was intrigued by it right at the outset, prompting him to ask questions about concepts that may be a little old for him how (what's an adjective, mom?) - the DVD will last a while in our house.  The only complaint (and the reason I didn't grade this DVD 5 stars), is the number of menus you have to go through to get the DVD to play all the vignettes in a row.  It's great that the DVD is structured so you can pick out which ones you want to play, but with over 260 minutes of vignettes, I don't know too many people that are going to use their arrow keys to pick and choose their way through the TWO discs it comes with.  In the next version, figure out a way to structure the upfront menus to be more user friendly, easier to move around and less cumbersome.
In an effort to describe for our library catalog (I am a school librarian) what all is included in this 2-disc set (in short, everything), I compiled this table of contents that I thought might be helpful to others.  Our teachers and students all love Schoolhouse Rock!<br /><br />Disc 1:  Top Ten Jukebox. Includes: Conjunction Junction; I'm Just a Bill; Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here; Electricity, Electricity; Interjections; The Preamble; Three Is a Magic Number; Interplanet Janet; A Noun Is a Person, Place or Thing; A Shot Heard 'Round the World.<br /><br />Grammar Rock. Includes: Unpack Your Adjectives; Lolly, Lolly, Lolly, Get Your Adverbs Here; Conjunction Junction; Interjections; Rufus Xavier Sarsparilla; Verb: That's What's Happening; A Noun Is a Person, Place or Thing; Busy Prepositions; The Tale of Mr. Morton.<br /><br />Science Rock. Includes: The Body Machine; Do the Circulation; Electricity, Electricity; The Energy Blues; Interplanet Janet; Telegraph Line; Them Not So Dry Bones; A Victim of Gravity.<br /><br />Money Rock.  Includes: Dollars and Sense; $7.50 Once a Week; Where the Money Goes; Tax Man Max; Walkin' on the Wall Street; This For That; Tyrannosaurus Debt; The Check's In the Mail.<br /><br />"I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College"<br /><br />Multiplication Rock.  Includes: My Hero, Zero; Elementary My Dear; Three Is a Magic Number; The Four-Legged Zoo; Ready or Not, Here I Come; I Got Six; Lucky Seven Sampson; Figure Eight; Naughty Number Nine; The Good Eleven; Little Twelvetoes<br /><br />America Rocks.  Includes: No More Kings; Fireworks; The Shot Heard 'Round the World; The Preamble; Elbow Room; The Great American Melting Pot; Mother Necessity; Sufferin' Till Suffrage; I'm Just a Bill; Three Ring Government.<br /><br />"The Whole Enchilada"--choose to play songs in order or shuffle them.<br /><br />Sneak Peeks of other Disney Films.<br /><br />Disc 2:<br />Extra Credit--Quick List. Includes: Making of "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College"; Emmy Awards Featurette; "Scooter Computer and Mister Chips"; Weather Show; Nike Spot; Top 20 Shuffle; "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College" in surround; Audio Commentaries; Arrange a Schoolhouse Rock Song; Earn Your Diploma; Music Videos.
I grew up with this, and now my 6 year old will have the opportunity to learn as I did. This was a kick to watch, for both of us, from start to finish. This would be a great gift for anyone who grew up in the 70s and 80s, and for their kids. The tune, "I'm only a bill...." is stuck in my head right now!
If you grew up in the 70's and 80's and ever indulged yourself in Saturday Morning cartoons, you should know and be able to hum Schoolhouse Rock! Now that the set is out, one can look at the DVD and appreciate what we are given. Finally in one place, all of the Schoolhouse Rocks that we know and love, as well as some that we may have forgotten or not loved (I don't remember Money Rock). For the completist, all of the rocks are there, including the newly released "Scooter Computer and Mr. Chips" set that are fun, but truly seem dated. You can go to specific titles, or hit the highlights with the Top 10 Jukebox - great for jumping into the CD. <p>A brand new Schoolhouse Rock is included - "I'm gonna send your vote to college" about the Electoral College. It's interesting and in the style of our favorites, but it lacks some of the pizzazz of the originals. I suppose it's very topical after the 2000 election, but I just don't see it having the fun of education that things like "Suffering until Suffrage" did. <p>They could have stopped here with just all 46 original songs, but luckily for us the bonuses are fantastic. Music Videos as an outgrowth of the Schoolhouse Rocks! Rocks CD of artists interpreting their favorite songs. See how much you really remember in the trivia quiz. The inclusion of the Nike commercial featuring "Three is a Magic Number" shows how well Rocky entered the popular culture. <p>A fitting tribute to a great set of work made for the kids, and the kids in all of us. C'mon and sing along - you know the words! "Conjunction Junction, what's your function..."
This is some great material.  Wow, talk about flooding memories.  My kids absolutely love this stuff.  If there's one gripe I have, it's about the Disney advertising trailers.  The trailers are stuck in the front of the DVD, so they automatically play when the disc is inserted.  It bugged me so much that I disected the DVD and reburned it without the trailers.  The original still sits in it's box.  We're getting a lot of use out of the material, and have even converted all the songs for use on our daughters' iPods.  ABC really hit the mark when they started this.  10 thumbs up for the material, 10 thumbs down for Disney's involvement.
Anyone over the age of 30 remembers these little ditties from watching cartoons as a kid.  I bought this for my children and found the songs quite cute, as I did when I was a kid.  I can still sing along with many of the songs.
DVD was in pristine condition.  It actually arrived a couple days ahead of the estimated delivery.  The songs and characterizations were just as I remembered them, excellent.  This has been a wonderful tool for helping my elementary aged children remember the rules of grammar, significant people and important events in history, important science discoveries, etc.  An excellent buy.
I recently purchased the Schoolhouse Rock (Special 30th Anniversary Edition)as a gift for my daughter.  We both teach at a Jr. High School and I couldn't keep my dvd of Schoolhouse Rock in my room, because she was always borrowing it.  Even though the songs seem juvenile to some of our students, they all seem to remember the songs and the information they contain.  This dvd is one of the best teaching tools that I've seen in a long time.
Every schoolhouse rock song ever made is on here.  It was great!  Still great songs and as educational as ever.  Teachers are still using these songs in their classrooms today and the kids love them!
I was concerned before I ordered this DVD that it would be hard to find and view individual songs based on what another reviewer had written. As a teacher, this was important to me because I planned to used this DVD to supplement what I was teaching. Although you must go through several menus to find them, you can play just individual songs, or all the songs in one category, such as grammar. It will work perfectly in the classroom and I recommend it to other teachers and parents.
As I teacher, I simply love these videos as a supplement to grammar, social studies, science, and math.  I teach second grade and several of these songs are perfect for our Arizona curriculum.  The kids love them and I even bought a cd of this for the classroom.
I am now able to share my love for Schoolhouse Rock with my students in a quick and easy way!
This is a GREAT colection!!!  I use it in the classroom and the kids love it!!  Anyone who works in an elementary school must have this!
Awesome video!  It not only reminds me of my youth but is giving my students in third grade the opportunity to experience such a great DVD.
I learned the preamble to the Constitution by singing along with Schoolhouse Rock on Saturday morning television.  I also learned things like conjunctions and how a bill becomes a law, and a lot of other things about grammar, science, math, American history, and politics.  Now that means that either I watched too much TV as a kid, or the stuff we watched as kids was really informative and was made so well that it becomes a classic.<br /><br />Schoolhouse Rock is just such a program.  It was delivered to kids in bite-sized portions that held their attention spans just long enough to get the message across, and the cartoons were so engaging that they probably could have made the segments last twice as long and we still would have been glued to them.  Many in my generation learned quite a bit from Schoolhouse Rock.<br /><br />This DVD is produced in the same style as all the original segments, offering a "jukebox" feel along with some novel technology that allows you to create playlists of your favorite episodes, or put them on "shuffle" and let it pick them randomly.  You can also choose "The Whole Enchilada," and let it play each and every segment in order.<br /><br />All of the original segments are on this DVD, as well as a heretofore unreleased segment called "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote To College" which teaches about the electoral system and the punned Electoral College.<br /><br />My kids absolutely love this DVD, although sometimes they have to pry the remote out of my hands.  It's awesome to see them watch (and actually learn) with the same attention that I paid to it as a kid their age.<br /><br />And on occasion, I hear one of them singing the preamble to the Constitution, and I just smile, because a timeless program like Schoolhouse Rock can, and will, continue to teach kids for generations to come.
This is classic stuff indeed!!! 2 discs full of that one of a kind "Schoolhouse Rock"!!! Yeah Baby!!! I'm well in my 30's and still get a kick out of seeing and hearing them again!!!  And my little nephews love it too!!! Schoolhouse Rock was and is still an amazing concept,learning IS fun and hip!!! A KEEPER!!! Great job Disney DVD,keep up the good work!!! Fun for the whole family!!! Hours and hour of fun!!! Classic in every sense of the word!!!
My 8 yr old daughter just loves this.  She learned the Preamble (to the Constitution) for a school presentation, and she wanted to hear more.  I remember most of the songs from when I was in school, and they are still fun to listen to with my daughter.  They also promote discussions about math, language and history....and family time!
As a language arts teacher I have used an old video of Grammar Rock for well over 15 years... the tape finally wore out and I invested in this new version.  Everything on the tape is educational so it makes a great filler for days in which you need to come up with a quick educational activity.
I bought this to have for my son. Although he is only nine months he recognizes the melodies because we have it playing in the background as music. It is amazing that when we cries we just have to sing one of the jingles and he smiles.
Love, Love, Love.  I remember these when I was growing up.  This is how I learned a lot of things in school.  My daughter loves to watch me and her dad dance around and sing the songs.  Would buy even if I didn't have a child.
This special expanded edition of "School House Rock", not only brings back great childhood memories of Saturday mornings, but still teaches lessons to children of all ages in catchy tunes that are hard to forget.
I have to say that this DVD is great!  I remember watching all these School House Rock shows when I was a kid.  I learned So Much from watching all the classic episodes:  How a bill becomes a law, Adverbs, Conjunctions, Interjections, When women got the right to Vote, and I learned that 3 is a Magic Number!  Recently people I know have been sending "SHR" clips to each other through YouTube and they brought back lots of memories.  So I bought the DVD and I'm so glad I did.  It's funny how, after all these years, I still remember the tunes and the words, and I find myself singing along.... and then I can't get the tunes out of my head all day.  I find myself later humming the tunes to myself... as I'm shopping, or working, or just going for a walk.<br />If you were a fan of School House Rock way back when, you should get this DVD.  There are even SHR episodes on here that I've never seen before.  And I don't care HOW old you are, you can still learn something from these videos!
Love it love it love it.  I don't know how much of that is because I grew up on it though.  :)  Great DVD.
Must listen and view for children through adults! My nephew and son both enjoy the songs, the graphics, and are gaining a greater understanding of grammar, math & science
I remember watching this on Saturday morning cartoons when my son was little and thought how creative and what a good way to teach.  I have now bought this for my grand kids.  I think it will give them a good chance for advancement in school.  Excellent!
I was the age group for these growing up.  I remember them each Saturday and still know the tune to most.  I just didn't realize how much info they packed into each little song.  As good as I remember.
MY KIDS LOVED THE SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK TAPE, THE PRICE WAS GOOD AND THE SHIPPING WAS FASTER THAN LIGHTNING, GOOD PEOPLE TO BUY FROM!!
Kids learn the words to songs so easily....why not let them hear something useful?  I remember these songs from my childhood days.
We sat and watched this DVD for hours...and just loved it!  It's so wonderful to know I have this DVD which has EVERYTHING on it...and we can watch it over and over again whenever we want!  Awesome!
When I was a kid, School House Rock was a program that we would watch on TV so when I saw that there was a Special 30th Anniversary Limited DVD, I just had to get it for my son.  He really likes the songs and thinks it's cool.  He especially likes the song's "Electricity" & "Conjunction Junction".
As a child, we would watch the Saturday morning cartoons and our favorite part would be the Schoolhouse Rock in between. Never did we think that we would be able to see these little snippets when we were not there on Saturday to see them. I have many things that I learned by their songs, and I enjoy watching my children learn the same way.
These educational cartoonettes are always fun to watch. This particular DVD has all the lessons I remember as a child. The main menu is super cute, too.
I enjoyed watching the DVD with my 12 year old daughter and was surprised at how many of the lyrics I remembered from watching them on Saturday mornings in the 70s.  It is a really great way to share some of my childhood with her her in it's original format.
The kids love watching this video, I purchased the CD for the car as well, and they want to listen to it all the time, even though I'm starting to tire of it.  I remember these when I was a kid and knew my kids would love them just the same.
I love School House Rock.  I grew up with it on the weekends and remember all the songs!  I've also helped lots of my voice students to prepare for this stage musical.  I totally recommend it for this next generation of children growing up needing to learn.  Learning r=through song is fantastic because you tend to remember better!
It is a shame that more attention has not brought to this DVD. I am a older person and some of the episodes did get me through my early education. I just hope when I do have a child I can share these DVD's with him or her.
all the wonderful songs and cartoons that enlightened and amused generations of children; if you have your own kids, have them watch this along with or instead of elmo.
I loved the School House Rock series when I was growing up in the 70's.  By third grade, I was a whiz at times tables.  I bought this DVD for my daughter.  She's still kind of young, but she loves the songs and the short lengths of each segment are just long enough to keep it interesting.  I'm fully expecting that she will be a math and english whiz as well by the time she reaches elementary school.
My godchildren love the educational Schoolhouse Rock tunes today as much as I did decades ago. One problem... The DVD stops after each segment as opposed to playing straight through. I have found that children quickly loose interest in the time it takes to scroll through the menu to the next song... However not quite as rapidly as their parents become frustrated with the stop, scroll and click routine. Totally nostalgic, just as much fun for adults.
My daughter loves it every bit as well as I did.  I hope it helps her remember stuff like it did me!
This is a piece of nostalgia I purchased for my 7-year-old.  We've really had fun with it.  And it's all there.
This DVD brought back so many memories. I used to watch Saturday morning cartoons in the '70s and would look forward to the top of the hour when the next Schoolhouse Rocks segment would play. I memorized them all over time. Later in life, when I couldn't remember a simple math or grammar rule, I would hum the tunes in my head until I got to the part I needed. These songs should be as well known as the ABC song. You just can't put a price on making learning fun.....or.....maybe you can....+ shipping and handling.
I bought this for my daughter and I found myself singing right along after over 25 years. It's great. Truely an American classic.
Excellent DvD. My kids love it, they keep watching it over and over again.<br />I used to watch it on TV when I was A kid and I still like it!
My 4 year old knows his 3 times tables.  He just doesn't know it yet.  I still remembered all of the songs after all these years and it is amazing how much I know because of that fact.  I've bought a copy for all of the children in my extended family and they all love it.  Good educational fun for the entire family.
Opening and watching the DVD the first time took me back to a time when I used to watch Saturday morning cartoons with a bowl of cereal, hunkered down in front of the tv with the sound turned down really low, because my mom could hear a pin drop onto a cottonball!  It was great, not to mention being able to actually sing along with the lyrics subtitled on the screen.  ABC definitely had a winner with this series!
this is a wonderful dvd.  I especially love the fact that you can see every song created.  the bonus tape is also a joy to watch<br /><br />my 4 year old likes it so much he dances and sings to it all day long.
We love this DVD. I bought it for my grandson to take to school. They played the entire DVD for the class of 5th graders. It is entertaining and a great learning tool. Once you hear these songs a few times you never forget them. I still remember the preamble to the constitution from years ago when my kids were little. A whole new generation of kids can learn and have fun doing it. I highly recommend this.
This is an awesome learning tool for teaching your children! My 8 year old loves it! He is not a huge fan of "book work" type learning. He really enjoys the songs and watching the videos. He sings the songs around the house all the time now! It's been a fun way for him to learn!! I have to admit I sing the songs too and am relearning somethings from grade school that I lost. I highly reccomend it!
My students have been so inspired to learn more about parts of speech and the science protion that I no longer hear the groans what I ask them to identify they parts of speech of their spelling words. As they are using their multiplication tables and homework I often hear the tunes being hummed for the multiplications rock. Thank you for having this product. It continues to be a great asset for each generations.
This is probably the best purchase I've ever made towards my childs education.  It takes ME back to Saturday mornings watching Schoolhouse Rock as a kid and my 8 year old son who is having issues with his multiplacation tables is starting to FINALLY understand.  I recomend this for anyone with children over the age of 6 months because the animation is so lively and engaging
My wife is introducing a whole new generation of Teachers to "Conjunction Junction" and the other Schoolhouse Rock clips. These are some of the best short teaching tools ever created.<br /><br />As a Professor of Education responsible for bringing new Teachers into the classroom, this DVD will never grow old.<br /><br />And our Grandkids love them too!
My high school students enjoy and remember the social studies Schoolhouse Rock sessions.  I use them as an anticipatory set in my classes.  They are short and to the point -- a good hook for the students to connect additional information.
My children grew up with school house rock.  Contains all the school house rock CLASSICS.  At work people keep wondering why I say that "My name is Bill" - or they start singing with me!  Highly recommended!
I bought this for my grandchildren, because I remember it from my childhood.  It is great, and they love it.
It's amazing how much you remember these songs when you haven't heard them is "years"  Just purchased this to share with my very young nephew.  Singing along with the songs piqued his interest.  Even though he may not quite know what he's singing about (like in "Three Is A Magic Number") I'm sure when he's learning his multiplication . . . this will come back to him.  Great compilation.  Navigation could have been slightly better.
Received item promptly - ALL of the Schoolhouse Rock videos are on there from when I was a kid!! LOVE it!!!
I grew up watching School House Rock on Saturday mornings and I learned tons of things in doing so.  I can recite the preamble to the US Constitution--can you?  :-)  I learned grammar and my multiplication facts too.  So here I am 30 years later homeschooling my own children and wishing they had access to those great songs that helped me so much.  I was thrilled to find this DVD set for them.  Now they too are singing "Conjunction Junction what's your function..."
WE WERE VERY PLEASE TO EVEN FINE SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK.<br /><br />  VERY MUCH PLEASED. THANK YOU.
if you grew up watching these - get them - they're cheeper than therapy
I loved these cartoons on Saturday mornings as a kid, and now that I am grown and teach high school, I'm introducing a new generation to them.  Last year I had a tough 9th grade boy who sang, "Lolly, Lolly, Lolly Get Your Adverbs Here" every time he came into my room for the rest of the year!  They are a very accessible way to teach kids great information.
I had forgotten how wonderful Schoolhouse Rock was until I received this DVD!  It was highly rated, and my niece (of whom I have custody) is struggling with her math facts for school, so we purchased it.  The songs are catchy, and she has shown improvement.  The great thing is that the DVD contains ALL of the Schoolhouse Rock songs, so this one purchase has covered many bases.  I'm thinking about ordering another one to show in my high school classroom to reinforce some of the concepts my students have learned.  The only drawback is that the DVD appears to be poorly read by my DVD player and can have a jumpy picture at times.
All three of my children (ages 3,4,6) enjoy these two DVD's so much.  We have had a great time watching them.  Everyone is learning from them.  And our friends are enjoying the walk down memory lane.
My husband and I grew up watching Schoolhouse Rock on Saturday mornings.  We wanted something entertaining and educational for our children to watch...something that would make learning new things fun.  Guess what--our children love it!
Great Disc...Chocked full of great Entertainment for the Kids...over and over and over.
I grew up listening to Schoolhouse Rock on Saturday morning cartoons.  It's just like I remembered it, only better, because now my children are learning Grammar, History, Science and Math through a fun outlet that they BEG for!  An interview with one of the show's creators said that they visited a college campus where they were startled when students told them that they defined a generation, and I think it's true.  How many of us were able to remember nouns, adjectives or our 3's times tables beacuse of these songs?  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this product and believe that a new generation stands to benefit from the creative genius behind its development.
One of my childhood favorite Saturday morning cartoon bits on ABC. Classic song numbers that taught us in a really cool way.<br /><br />Top 4 Songs For Me:<br />Lolly Lolly Lolly - Get Your Adverbs Here!!!<br />Conjuntion Junction what's your function?<br />Verb - That's what's happening!<br />Just a Bill
I grew up on Schoolhouse Rock back in the 70s. I had to get this DVD and it still rocks! My childrens' teachers ask to borrow it often. I know it got me and a few classmates to pass the Preamble test...sure we sang it but we passed.<br /><br />I like the option to see all of the songs in order (mild) or shuffled up (spicy). This makes learning fun for kids. We are very happy with this DVD. Plays great, cool songs, and the kids love it.
As far as service, I recieved the movie quite prompt. And the way I ordered online. Thank you.
This schoolhouse Rock is awesome!  The catchy toons remind me of Saturday mornings as a kid.  My daughter was a little hesitant initially, but soon jumped in dancing and singing.  I am looking forward to the learnings she will gleen from the programs.
As a Civics teacher, this is one of the best additions to my classroom that I've made yet.
I grew up watching these spots during Saturday morning cartoons. They are clever, catchy, and you learn stuff, too! What more could you ask?
This movie is the best.  I was surprised on how much my 6 and 9 years olds love it, and I love it because they are giving them learning information in a fun way.
This is a great dvd set. It definitely took me back to my childhood days.  My daughter loves it.  The songs are very cathcy and she is learning alot from a lot of different subjects.  If your kids love to sing and love music...this is a great tool that helps them to learn as they sing along rather than watching regular TV.
I can't tell you how much I love this DVD! I bought this for my 6 and 4 year olds for Christmas and it just takes me back! I remember growing up with Schoolhouse rock and I know that I learned so much from them. My children are learning all the songs and lessons that I still remember. We sing them together and have so much fun! For those of you who grew up with Schoolhouse rock and those who are new to it, it is truly an invaluable learning tool for your kids!
My children from 14 years all the way down to 2 years old LOVE this DVD.  They are completely captivated time and time again.  With the older kids, it has helped spark discussion about things they're learning in school or reinforces something we might have taught them.  The short segments are so much fun for the little ones and keep their attention during those much-needed moments of peace.  We don't watch TV/movies often, but this one is our tried and true favorite.  (Even Mom and Dad sing along!)
I remember when these were on Saturday morning TV....30 yrs ago! I can still recite the preamble today because I learned it on SchoolHouse Rock. I'm hoping my nephews enjoy and learn from the sing-a-longs as much as I did.
"Conjunction, conjunction, what's your function?"  How about "Interjection"; remember that one?  These are some of the songs that I remember from the "Schoolhouse Rock" DVD and from watching TV as a kid in the '80's when "Schoolhouse Rock" songs were sandwiched between cartoon segments on Saturday mornings.  This is for the older elementary school child.  Though my Kindergartener likes some of the songs and finds the animations cute and funny, it was harder for him than his older sister in third grade to fully appreciate all of the songs.  Your child will learn not only grammar, but American History as well:  how the West was settled and how a bill becomes law are some examples.  It is all animated with adorably sketched characters and memorable voices singing memorable songs.
I bought this for my sister for Christmas. We both grew up on Schoolhouse Rock, and she really enjoyed watching this DVD, looking back on a part of our childhood.
The DVD is great. Brings me back to my youth when education was subliminal on TV to kids. My only problem is that the kids want to watch Dora instead. The producers of the DVD should find a way to commercialize this into other popular DVD's in between programing.
I remember growing up and watching the Schoolhouse Rock clips every chance I got.  It was a thrill to be able to pass those memories on to my daughter.  We put in the video the other day and she was hooked.  I was so surprised to see so many clips the I don't remember and some old "friends" that I do.  What an awesome way to get my children interested in music, math, language, history, and so much more.  It would be nice to see more things like the SchoolHouse Rock make a comeback.
I was so pleased to see all of the Schoolhouse Rock editions on this DVD.  I even used it with my elementary school students to review certain lessons!
We first bought this for our kids for home use. They loved it and to be honest so did my husband and I. We were all walking around singing our favorites. (Mine is Mr. Morton.) Then when it came time for our oldest to memorize his multiplication facts for school it came in handy again. My kids teachers both asked to borrow it and started using it in class for language arts, math, and social studies. You can select individual songs, songs in groups, all the songs in order, or all the songs randomly.  So we decided that we would buy copies for them as classroom gifts. They loved it and have told us they use it for instruction and center time. In fact we had several days of heavy rain so the kids couldn't go out for recess and my younger son said the kids asked to watch it.<br /><br />It doesn't get any better when learning and fun are rolled into one.
My children (6, 10, 13) all find it enjoyable to watch (and the songs get "stuck in their heads" just like they did for me as a child).  After watching all the clips, they now often turn on "Schoolhouse Rock" when they only have a few minues of TV time before school, bed, or meals.
I absolutely loved Schoolhouse rock segments when I was a child.  So, being able to have and see the entire collection (46 educational segments) brought back wonderful memories.  Bought two copies: one for my granddaughter and one for me.
My daughter loves these. The cartoons are short enough to keep her attention and catchy enough that she sings along with them-and it is educational. I'm happy to hear her sing about nouns in the car rather than Sponge Bob.
My son has been checking the VHS versions of these shows out from the local library.  He received the DVD for Christmas.  It is amazing how well I remember the words to these shows from thirty years ago.  My son is already starting to learn them.  How many people from my generation learned the Preamble to the Constitution from this series?  It is great to have copy of these songs.  This DVD costs considerably less than the old way buying four different VHS tapes.  All of the spots are incuded in one DVD.  There is also another DVD with other extras such as lost songs and other things.  Other reviewers have critcized the DVD because of the extras.  That is a little silly, since a person is buying the DVD for these great educational commercials from the past.  Buy this DVD if you loved the songs of Bob Dorough, Jack Sheldon, Blossom Dearie and all of the others that contributed to this classic set.
My kids love this collection.  I grew up on these and still remember most of them.  How could you forget "I'm just a Bill" or "Lolly, lolly, lolly, get your adverbs here."  Now another generation will benefit from such great material.  The Disney commercials are a little tiresome at the beginning, but once that is over the DVD is wonderfully set up.
Yes, just like anything nowadays, you have to skip through the previews and hit the DVD Menu to go to the main screen. I think it takes all of 10 seconds to do this.  It's a little funky the way the menu is setup but anybody who knows how to work a DVD player within the past 10 years should be able to adjust.  They have it setup where you can select a specific cartoon based on the category or you can play the 'whole enchilada'.  Selecting this option will begin to play every cartoon and you will need to use the skip button to toggle between scenes.  Yes, they could have done a better job with the scene selection...but who cares..it was $15.00.<br /><br />Personally, this is an excellent learning DVD for the kids.  Teaches everything from English grammar, science, politics and American history.
i also got this dvd for my stepdaughter.  it took her awhile to really get into it, but when she did she loved it.  At school they were learning about anerica and when the school house rocks sang about america she went crazy because that was what they had talked about in school that week.
Everything arrived in a timely fashion.  And it was a blast to take a trip down memory lane with this DVD.  THANKS!
all the school house rock songs & videos in one package. my students are singing conjunction junction after only seeing the video twice. they love it!
I have been searching for School House Rock and finally found the DVD.  I am a teacher and the kids love the video clips.  It is a lively way to teach a variety of different subjects.  The DVD is user friendly and of high quality.
As a teacher and a parent, I highly recommend this item as a vital resource for memorization of history and facts.  This special anniversary edition is a goldmine of songs to teach, learn, and memorize!  The tunes are catchy and inspires the listener to learn and sing them over and over again.
It was as good as it was when I was growing up.  I use it for my second grade class and it works great. They are learning adjectives, nouns, adverbs and the like to catchy tunes.
I'm not sure if I initially wanted to buy this CD for my own memories or just for my son.  Either way, it turns out we both enjoy it so much, and it's a really cool thing to share something with your child that you enjoyed as a child yourself!  He's three, and when I told him this was a show I used to watch, he was very intrigued.  He's watched it many times by now, and he knows the words to several of the songs.  His favorite, to my heart's joy, is the same one I loved most as a child -- "Conjunction Junction".  He would run around the house singing it constantly when he first learned it!  Some people feel this series is just too out-of-date, but I don't think little ones really care about that.  All we know is that it's a lot of fun and definitely worth the buy!
I am a high school American Government teacher.  While teaching the legislative process to a group of largely disinterested "too cool" seniors, I was surprised to hear a failing student huming "I'm just a Bill, ..."  On a whim I searched for the music on-line and found it at Amazon.  You can't imagine the reaction when I played it in class the next week.  Many in the class remembered it from their early years and more than half had no clue what it was.  Maybe I'm just a 65 year old kid, but it's the best money I've spent for the classroom in years.  And, just in case you're wondering, that failing student turned around and got a C for the course.
The perfect tool for sharing multiplication plus, all the others.  If your kid needs an overview of a topic and memorizes music.  Schoolhouse is a huge help to understanding the basic facts: Math, History, Science, Grammar!
Kids love it, and sing along to most of the songs. They are timeless and catchy songs, glad I have it.
I ordered this so that my kids could enjoy learning the way I used to during Saturday morning cartoons. I still know the preamble to the constitution because of the way it was put to music. This DVD brings back memories for me and makes learning fun for my kids. My son especially likes the song about Interjections. I've also used it in scouts to teach about the history of our country and citizenship. Thanks again for making learning fun. Keep up the good work.
We have owned it for 4 months and the kids ask for it every week !
Even 30 years later, this video captures children's minds, and teaches them important lessons without them even knowing that they are being taught. Entertaining and educational at the same time.
I use these classics with my 8th grade US History class.  They are fun and educational.  They especially spice up lessons on government which 13 year olds do not find all that exciting.
The catchy songs we remember from Saturday morning cartoons are just as catchy today, and just as enjoyable. My two children love the video and I love that they are learning as they watch and listen... a win-win, for sure!
I loved these songs as a kid, and think they're still great for teaching my kids now. They love them, and they're 12 and older!
In, my forties, I still use these great songs of the 70's to remember and teach my own children. I can't imagine anything ever taking the place of Schoolhouse Rock!
America Rock is the ultimate teaching tool for American History.  This is the way for children to learn their nation's history.  Though there are a few historical mistakes, they don't detract from main content.  What a great series, even after 30 years.
As a child in the early 1970's I eagerly watched Saturday morning cartoons AND Schoolhouse Rock.  While I can no longer see what it is I saw in the cartoons (though I still think they are better than what is on today) I can clearly see why I loved Schoolhouse Rock (and still do)!  I forgot all these tunes/cartoons when by the mid to late 1980's I was in college.  One night over the dinner table my usual group of about 10 people stated "Hey, whatever happened to Schoolhouse Rock?  I loved those songs?"  We then all began singing our favorites and wishing they could still be seen. These songs allowed us all to know the difference between a noun, verb, adjective, adverb, to know about the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, the Louisiana Purchase, the Revolutionary War, math, and even a little science.  They are catchy, memorable, make learning fun, and best of all in today's ever popular "don't-put-anything-on-children's-television-unless-it-also-has-a-toy-to-sell" world, simply good for goodness' sake.  I have seen other reviewers criticize this for not being 100% correct, well perhaps, but more importantly, Schoolhouse Rock may inspire children to want to learn more about the subject matter - a key step!  The day my husband and I first discovered they were available in VHS/DVD was a great day.  We can't wait for our daughter to be able to sing along with these tunes/cartoons.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, this DVD. I bought it as soon as it was issued! I thought I was buying it for my 3-year-old son (who already loves the Audio CD Grammar Rock), but I find myself with him, singing and dancing along to these educational music videos.<br />My son asks to see this every day, and I feel encouraged to let him watch something so enjoyable, that will teach him SOO much. I can't believe my son has already memorized lots of these, and can sing "Conjunction, Junction" just as well as I can!<p>The guys that created Schoolhouse Rock were geniuses. The 46 complete song-set was more than enough - but the "lost song", Scooter Computer, and the Emmy featurette and documentary are what REALLY make this a GREAT buy for grownups, kids, and grown-up kids.
I had the very good fortune of seeing a preview of "gonna send your vote to college".  In case you need a hint, this song was written in the wake of the 2000 election cycle.  I was very impressed with it, as well as all the other songs/cartoons in the collection.  A sure to be welcome addition to the DVD is a behind the scenes of how they went about recording this song, who all was involved, Jack Sheldon (I'm Just a Bill) does the singing.  All of the original crew from schoolhouse rock was involved, except the original animator, but his son does a wonderful job.  These folks helped a lot of kids of my generation learn history, grammar, math, and science.  I don't recite the Preamble to the Constitution anymore, I sing it.  George Newall & Co. strikes another hit.
This is a time honored DVD to many of us who were raised in the 1970's. ABC and it's parent Disney have brought us previously this collection to VHS, Hooray in a verse from the "Grammar: Interjection, VHS." But this time I must recommend this DVD with a Super Hip Hip Hooray. This time Disney and ABC will include all Schoolhouse Rock mini scholastic Infomercials together with a little bit of Bonus material.<br />  If you happen to have children, this is a great learning tool for grammar, math, civics/history and science to round out some of the kids television watching that is fun and entertaining.  I am a single adult and I can't wait for the series to finally be out on DVD.<br />  It includes all the songs on one dvd, bonus material on the second dvd.  So relive your fond memories with a new generation: your kids.  This package of memorable television info-commercials/animation will fast become a favorite in both generations and quite possible for all generations to come.
Man - they key to why this was so successful in the 70s was the songwriting mostly by Bob Dorough, Lynn Ahrens and George Newall- a little soul, some funk, some rhodes piano, and some boogie woogie and you've got great songs with real bridges, chord changes and unforgettable melodies...each packed into 3 minutes.<br /><br />Then there is the singing.  Of course, everyone can recognize Bob Dorough, who is really the chief voice of the series and should get a lot of credit for a gee-whiz and accessible tone of voice and some very clever songwriting.<br /><br />Other notable voices: the bluesy conjunction juntion singer Jack Sheldon -- a better voice than almost 99% of what you hear in conteporary blues these days; also, Blossom Dearie, who I wish did more. (Her "Figure Eight" melody, so delcate, which busts into a great uptempo bridge, is just lovely.  And of course, she also does a kind of cute soft-spoken Olive Oyl voicing on the song about adjectives!) Then they get some good work from Lynn, and even the Tokens (The Lion Sleeps Tonight) and Dave Frishberg, the great jazz satire singer.<br /><br />The animation is witty as well, with all kinds of visual puns, quick throwaway jokes and kid-frendly action and color and concept.<br /><br />No wonder I still remember the tunes like it was yesterday, and when daddy showed it to his kids they sat enraptured and then lept up and said "daddy - I'm skating a figure eight too!"  ...So cute, and they're only four.<br /><br />Really, the level of intelligence for these videos is about 7 to 10 cause they get to third grade topics, but kids younger than that will pick it up quick too.<br /><br />Thanks Bob!!
Its about time they put these on DVD format. I bought the VHS tapes a while back, and I love them, but there is nothing that will compare to having these treasures on DVD. I grew up on School House Rock. These little 2-3 segments helped define my generation. From Im just a Bill to Conjunction Junction, SHR is and will always be a treasure. I highly recommend this DVD. Now, I know that it is not out yet, but Hey, its SHR. You cant go wrong. If you have kids, they will love em and learn from them. If you grew up with SHR, this dvd will bring back so many great memories of those Saturday mornings long gone by. You will be singing all of them, because you still know the words. You know you will be....
My husband and I purchased this for our 2 year old to enjoy on Saturday mornings the way that we used to as children.  He loved the animation and the music!  We loved singing the songs and shouting out which were our favorites from back in the day.  I recommend getting this DVD for anyone who has children - the songs and the lessons never go away or get stale!
This is a great DVD if your children like school house rocks.  The songs are great and they learn from it too.
I love the product - our 2-year old can watch them.  The menu program is a little cumbersome as you have to go through it completely each time if you want the shuffle program.  The product is good though and still catchy as I remember seeing on saturday mornings.
Want your kid to learn grammar, science and other lessons?  Want him/her to sing you those lessons 24 hours a day?  It's a DVD full of fun, infectious songs that are as good as you remember them.  Give your brain a kick in the pants after 2 mind numbing years of Little Einstein and have some fun in the process.  Your kids will thank you.
Schoolhouse rock was basically created by ABC ad men who's normal function was to create commercials...It's nice to see how an energy which is usually spent for the all mighty dollar went to create a new way of learning. I remember this stuff in the 70's, and they were more important than the Saturday morning cartoons they came between. The tunes are classic, the lessons are thorough(2 x 98 = 2 x 100 - 2x2 = 196) and the best thing about it is the facts don't change; 2x2 still equals 4. My only complaint is how Disney makes it appear as they are the original<br /><br />creators, where in fact they are only involved with distribution.
I remember watching mini shows of Schoolhouse Rock between cartoons on Saturday mornings.  It was really helpful for school.  It helped me to learn multiplication, social studies, language, science, all school subjects.  The best part was I learned without really feeling like I was learning.  I find that children learn easier if you put the information in a song.<br /><br />My [...] year old just watched in the the first time this morning and asked to watch it again.  I believe that she will learn most of the info. before she finishes kindergarten.
I can remember watching these "commercials" on Saturday morning when I was a child.  I actually learned a lot off of these songs!  Sometimes more than I learned in school.<br /><br />Today, my children love listening to this.  Singing along to the music is a great way to learn English grammar, math, social studied and more!! FUN!!
Being a child of the 70's I was almost obligated to turn my kids onto this...it certainly did not disappoint!. All of the old favorites we saw on TV as kids still relate to this generation and that's a stretch in this day and age. What really knocked my socks off was the quality of the musicianship I missed as a kid. The music was incredible and stands up today as some pretty heavy session work! Where so much now is electronic, slightly-concieved BS, the tracks here are warm, analog, true music. A must-have for parents who want to turn thier kids on to learning through music and at the very least, a blast from our past. OLD SCHOOL in every sense...RETRO BABY!!
Don't bother buying all the separate DVDs or VHS tapes because the entire Schoolhouse Rock collection is right here!!!<br />It is a little unfortunate that Mickey Rat's parent company owns this great collection because there are at least a dozen DI$NEY previews you have to suffer/scan through just to get to the main menu. Other than that, just sit back and let the cheesy memories of Buster Brown shoes, plaid pants, and glitter iron-on shirts come flooding back. It actually surprised me that I still remembered most of the words to some of the most popular songs. The big kicker is that my 3 year old enjoyed watching it just as much as hubby and I did........way to make you feel really ancient.<br />The 2 disc set also includes a "pamphlet" of sorts that has all the words to the top 10 faves:<br />Conjunction Junction, I'm Just A Bill, Lolly Lolly Lolly Get Your Adverbs Here, Electricity Electricity, Interjections, The Preamble, Three is a Magic Number, Interplanet Janet, A Noun is a Person Place or Thing, and The Shot Heard 'Round the World.
I am 39 , and I grew up with SHR every Saturday Morning. There are some great ones on this tape, but If you are like me, you wanted more, so I go the DVD set. All in all, I would recommend the complete dvd set, but if you only want a good taste of SHR, then get this tape. You cant go wrong either way. Hey, its SHR.<br /><br />And for those uptite, people, and history buffs, who are griping about how SHR is not all that accurate on their segments, I say this, SHR was never meant to be that aaccurate. It was just meant to give kids a taste and feel of our history. Sure, some of it is not that accurate, or alot of it is left out. Take it for what it is. Its a great learning tool. Its not the gospel or anything...Geeeezzzz.
It was a good as I remembered.  And my 8yr old stepson is enjoying it as well.
This is one of Disney's greatest box sets.  You get all 46 Schoolhouse Rock songs here, including the long lost song "The Weather Show".  These songs are wonderful, charming, tuneful, and simply gorgeous.  Unlike most current children's programming, which is incredibly dumbed down, this series isn't.  Adults can watch it and appreciate it just as much as kids can.  It doesn't talk down to children.  Children are not as dumb as people think they are.  It doesn't have that overly commercial feel that a lot of programming does today.  I love seeing and hearing Three is a Magic Number, the adverb song, the noun song, pronouns, telegraph line, etc., etc..  The only songs I didn't care for were the money rock ones, probably because they were done relatively recently, and they're too slick and modern.  They don't have the charm of the earlier stuff.  I'm glad that no one has tried to remake this series.  It would be a travesty.  Wonderful stuff that can be viewed thousands of times....
This is a great video for learning.  My son loves it!
I don't remember the Schoolhouse Rock stuff from when I was a kid.  I think it may have been JUST before my time.  However, I'd gotten the CD when they did remakes of the songs with modern artist and loved it, so we got this for our daughter to watch.  She's only 2, so she's still a bit young for it, but she loves watching it anyway.
My Son loves this DVD! He didn't believe me when I told him that this was on TV while I was growing up. I got this dvd because I was going to purchase the Leapster Schoolhouse Rock software and saw on the review that it was better to purchase the DVD instead of the software so I did. I'm glad I did.:)
This is the best.  It truly reminds you of Saturday mornings when you were a kid.  Best of all, now your kids can learn from the fun cartoons and songs.
Your kids will love it as much as you did when you were little.
My 8 year old daughter was having trouble learning her times tables and I remembered this great series I used to see on TV when I was growing up.  It's too bad they don't have something like this on nowadays in between shows on Saturday's.These educational clips are so fun to watch and make learning a breeze. My 6 year old has now , inadvertently, learned a lot of her times tables as well...just singing along to the music! I ordered a bunch of them to keep on hand for birthday gifts.  This DVD has all of the  Schoolhouse Rock clips on it, so they will learn everything from English to History to Math....
WOW!!!(interjection) What wonderful memories these bring back! How great would it be to have these back on tv for this generation i know i learned alot from watching these on Saturday mornings.
If you have ever wanted to relive your childhood and the simple pleasures of your youth, buy this now! It came in the mail, a put it on (using the very cool "whole enchilada" shuffle mode) and spent hours being 9 again. Too cool for words.
I can still sing the Preamble to the Constitution (I'm 42), thanks to School House Rock.<br /><br />I think it is great this is still around.  I am buying it as a gift for my nieces and nephew, who are all elementary school age.  I hope they enjoy it as much as I did in the 1970s.
This came up as a gift idea for toddlers ages 2-4.  This is not so.  School House Rocks covers grade school curiculum.  This would be better for a child between the ages of 6-12.  I use School House Rocks in my classroom all the time.  The fun tunes and animation make learning U.S. History, money (the stock market), basic math, etc. easy to learn.  The words to most of the songs is included in the DVD case.  This is a fantastic teaching tool for grade school aged children.  Not appropriate for toddlers.  I would suggest Baby Einstein, Sesame Street, and Blue's Clues for toddlers instead.
I used this to help teach constitution day at school for moderately impaired individuals.  The students enjoyed it.
I previously owned the VHS version of this, and when it starting getting worn out, we ordered the DVD set.  DVD is way better than VHS, the extras are great too.  My kids love it, and it counts towards our home schooling too! Even my 1 yr. old loves it. I am ordering more for my sister's kids.<br /><br />I told my daughter that she's probably the only 3rd grader that knows the preamble of the constitution - and we learned it by singing the song. It's one of her favorites. I believe that the lyrics come printed out in the DVD set (my kids lost this already), but the tunes are so catchy that you really don't need them to learn the songs.
I teach third grade and this is one of the most effective teaching tools I have found for teaching multiplication, as well as social studies, science and grammer. The students love it.
I love the compilation of all of these videos from my youth!  They really take me back.  My children love watching and listening and I love the fact that they are learning, too.  A must buy for parents and teachers!
I was in awe when I purchased the entire volume.  Growing up I never realized that we as young kids didn't see the entire Schoolhouse Rock!!! None the less I view it now... I'm 38 and my son that I purchased it for LOVES IT and he's 3!!!...<br /><br />Any cartoon, show,play or movie that was out when we were growing up is it what I would call the CAT'S MEOW of the entire tv industry.  If the era wasn't phenomenal how come everything that comes on is a remake? No origianl ideas at all - I feel sorry for today's kids - they have nothing enjoyable and good to watch or listen to for that matter(My opinion!)!!!  Enjoy -  touches on subjects that are fun while learning!!!
I loved watching these little tunes in between my favorite ABC cartoons as a kid. My brother missed out on this and had no appreciation for them. A couple years ago I bought a copy for myself and sent another copy to my cousin's kids. They love it and can sing every song. The "new" School House Rock cartoons do their best to mimic the old feel and style, but I wouldn't say they add a lot, especially considering how quickly technology has progressed. The stories are sometimes too simple and a little biased, but they deliver some very good basics about grammer, numbers, history and science. How can you not love conjunctions! Knowing the preamble of the constitution paid off in debate class.
It's been almost 30 years since I saw these videos on Saturday morning cartoons.  Now, with children of my own, they can watch these great learning classics.<br /><br />Shipper got them out in perfect condition and immediately.
I remember these from when I was a kid, and got them as a birthday present for my friends' kids who are just learning how to read. They love it as much as I do, and helps with learning the english language, counting, and how our government operates.
This brought back great memories as to when I was in school.  These songs helped me through lots of english tests.  I love this CD.
My kids love this DVD and will watch over and over again. In fact, when given the choice they almost alway choose it first.
The Schoolhouse Rock DVD brought back memories from my childhood and Saturday mornings.  I am delighted I can share these experiences with my daughter.<br /><br />The DVD has so neat features such as a Jukebox Shuffle which plays the "lessons" out of order.  You may also watch them by topic.<br /><br />A few of the skits/lessons are dated...but most of them still ring true today and provide an easy way to teach kids.  I wonder how many folks in their 20s and 30s know the preamble to the US Constitution as a result of Schoolhouse Rock.
i remember schoolhouse rock when i was growing up.  I remember that it taught me a lot.  The jingles are what led me to it.  I remember how a bill become a law just because of schoolhouse rock.  I do now have any children of my own yet but I ordered one for me and one for my nieces so they could learn the same way my sister and i did.
Brings back my childhood. My son is now enjoying the songs and little stories that I did. A+
For those of you who can still sing "Just a Bill" or "Conjunction Junction" this DVD will bring it all back!  Great for kids to enhance their grammar, American History etc.
This product is exactly what I was looking for to include in a training package.
After putting this DVD on shuffle play, I was transported back to Saturday mornings in the 70s.  Although the animation is rather primitive by today's standards and the style is indubitably dated, my 4 year old is spell bound by most of the singing and dancing...a definite keeper if you have a pre-school to school age child or are a large child yourself.
Here's a piece of advice for those so into Baby Einstein videos- they won't make your baby smarter.  All they do is condition your child to watch TV.  The creator of such videos were recently quoted in a parent's magazine as saying that kids are going to watch TV anyways, why not have them watch something without commercials and product placement.  Not a bad idea, but I think this DVD does the same and provides some educational value.<br /><br />My child is not into TV at all, but we find that the songs usually grab her attention and set her off bouncing happily up and down to the beat.  The catchy songs and colorful videos are also full of little education tidbits.  I bet most of you probably learned how a bill becomes a law from these classical songs.<br /><br />Anyways, my 16 month old enjoys it.  My wife and I enjoy them.  And I think you will too.  Every video is on the DVD along with some newer ones on using money and investing.
We loved these songs when we were kids and didn't even realize we were learning. I think they stand the test of time and that our kids can enjoy and learn from them as well. I actually purchased the DVD because my daughter is doing the "play" and she is having to learn the songs. It is making it easier for her to learn them this way.
Such a terrific gem from the past.  I purchased several copies to give to people as "baby" gifts.  It's a classic!
My 1st graders enjoy watching each and every one of the song videos.  We are learning The Preamble to go along with our Social Studies unit.
My son watches this over and over and over again. He is still learning from it. He is autistic and this has been a great tool for teaching him. He's even memorized some multiplication. Very entertaining and educational!
I learned more from this as a kid than in school.  To expensive on Amazon, I got it cheaper at my local Vons grocery store.
As a child of the eighties, I just had to have this set.  It is such a great dose of education made fun.  To this day, I know important facts like the preamble to the consitution and that a noun "is a person, place, or thing" all thanks to Schoolhouse Rock.<p>This set includes all of the tunes you remember(Conjunction Junction), some you may recall(the Mr Chips series), and one brand new lesson to Rock the Schoolhouse.  There's also some neat extras including - of all things - a Nike commercial that embraced the SR-bunch.<p>What a great way to get my son off on the right educational foot.  My wife and I love it... Nostalgia for us, a solid foundation for him as he grows.  Much thanks to Lolly and all the gang.
School House Rock is so cool that a local band in D.C. plays a medley of the songs.  Every bar in which they perform goes absolutely ape*&^.<p>It truly is one of the all time greats and great background for that warm-up time at a party.<p>Oh, yeah, it's a great educational tool as well.
Totally brings me back to the good ol' days when Saturday morning cartoons were worth watching.  They sure don't make em like they use to.
I REMEMBER SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK WHEN I WAS KID, ON SATURDAY MORNINGS WATCHING CARTOONS, A GREAT PRODUCT FOR EDUCATING.
What a blast from my childhood!  I remember getting up every saturday morning and watching every one that came on!  I was glued and they helped me throughout my school days.  Excellent condition!
I have used this video in my English classroom.  Kids of all ages really enjoy it and have even asked me how they could buy it!<br /><br />Also, it brings back memories if you grew up with it : )
People criticize the advertising community, but when you hear that admen thought up most of the bits, you start to think that maybe they should be running the schools! This is an excellent way to introduce your kids (or yourself) to History, Multiplication, Grammar, Science and Money. I had never seen the ones on Money, but it has helped me reinforce some of the concepts I'm trying to get across with my son.<p>If you have children, you really do need this. It will help!
This is a great dvd to put in the player while you are driving around town (or out of town)!  My children have been learning tons of things without them realizing it and I am reliving part of my childhood.
I love this set....we had the VHS that had the top 20 "best of" on it and the kids wore it out.  I was happy to get this.  It's fun and educational...I don't feel bad putting in this DVD for them.
I remembered these ditties from Saturday morning cartoons when I was a kid. My 10 and 8 year olds were sceptical but were soon hooked!! The songs are done in a witty way that catches the attention of young and old. My son was humming "i'm just a bill" at breakfast. The song led to further discussion of how laws are made and how our government works. Highly recommended.
Of course it's great! We all know these classics from when we were kids.
This is a great learning tool for children. The songs are fun and easy to remember which is why children learn from them so easily. I wish there were more!!!!
It is just as I remembered it.<br /><br />Good price.<br /><br />My daughter loves it.
Come on, you know you are singing one of your favorite School House Rock tunes right now, as you read this!  Sure, you didn't get them as a kid, you didn't even know what a "Bill" or a "Noun" really was.  But those tunes are just so dang catchy!  I bought this to share with my kids once they turn about 4 or five in a couple years (2008).  I'm sure we'll be singing Conjunction Junction for years to come!
Years ago we watched these segments between cartoons on Saturday mornings.  At the time, we didn't realize we were learning.  It was just fun.  Many years later, it's amazing to see how relevant this series still is.  Our daughters love it as much as we do.  Why can't learning always be this fun?
I am a little bummed, it took the seller too long to get me my dvd's and when I play them they stutter.  If I fast forward a little bit and then rewind the stuttering goes away.  I don't know if it's the machine or the dvd.
As a child, I learned the Preamble to the Constitution by singing "We the People".  Now that knowledge is passed on to another generation.  My kids have learned it the same way, and I have bought one extra set of "Schoolhouse Rock" for each of my kids so that it can be passed onto a third generation when I become a grandfather.  Some things are completely timeless.  America Rock will be relevant for one hundred years or more, and Multiplication Rock will be relevant for at least a thousand.
Yes, I'm using all the Interjections from SchoolHouse Rock to sing it's praises.  I grew up with Schoolhouse Rock, but to be honest I thought about it only when my husband and I laughed nostalgicly about memorable songs like Conjunction Junction.  Then, he bought the 30th anniversary edition for our daughter (he was trying to qualify for free shipping when he was buying the Tripletts of BelleVille!).  So, it can be said that neither of us anticipated how fantastic this DVD would be -- STILL!  My 3 year old LOVES it, and I can't say enough great things about the creative lyrics that teach grammar, numbers and how the body works (maybe I should reach into my bag of adjectives, which my daughter charmlingly calls "magictives").  It is the one DVD we own that I don't feel any apprehension about evil or scary characters, dark plots or questionable character influences (which are startling present in many videos for preschoolers).  <p>If you're wondering about getting this video, wonder no more.  It is a timeless winner that won't disappoint (unless you're looking for dark plots and questionable character influences!)
I'd been waiting to see if I'd get this for my birthday, but I couldn't wait anymore.  I bought it today and had to pop it in.  These great animated shorts helped kids learn multiplication, science, grammar, american history and money. You want an explanation of our national debt? - watch Tyrannosaurus Debt :-).<p>The first DVD has all the original shorts categorized by groups, you can play them by group, or play them all in order or play them all or shuffle.  If you choose a particular group, you can pick the ones you want to play in the playlist or select the Play All button.  I was having a blast seeing remembering how many of these I could still sing.  <p>The 2nd DVD is the Extra Credit portion of the set.  You can watch with Captions or Audio Commentary.  I really had fun with the "Earn Your Diploma" Trivia and the Arrange A Schoolhouse Rock song.  The Earn Your Diploma gives you a set of questions to answer to each group (Science, Money, etc).  When you get them all right, you get a clue which when you solve all the groups you can then solve the Master Jumble to become a Schoolhouse Rock Graduate.  The Arrange A Schoolhouse Rock Song has 3 of the Schoolhouse rock songs mixed up and its up to you to get the lyrics in order.  When you get them right, the song clip will play.  The music videos section was funny - the first 3 had the original animated shorts but the music/voices were redone by Better Than Ezra ("Conjunction Junction"), Lemonheads("My Hero Zero") and Deluxe Folk Implosion("I'm Just A Bill").  I didn't care for the last one by Goodness ("Electricity, Electricity").  That was just a music video but that one doesn't take away from the rest of the DVD.<p>I saw one review here getting a little too deep in reviewing the american group.  I say, don't worry about it - these were meant to help kids learn and I can say they definitely did me good.  This collection was well done and it's worth the price :-)
I like the songs. I saw these when I was in my 10 or 13yrs old. I like to see these cartoon on DVD.
My daughter is learing her multiplying without knowing it..lol!!  She is addicted to all the songs and sings them all the time.  I sing them with her and they bring back memories of saturdays watching cartoons when i was her age.  A definate must for any school age child!!  Also has wonderful extras!!
Like many who grew up with and loved these great educational and entertaining cartoon shorts, I'm glad ALL of these are available now on DVD and with so many bonus extras!  <p>But this being the new millenium,  I'm also glad that:<br />a)  Spielberg hasn't re-digitized them to make them look "better"<br />b)  Disney hasn't edited or dumbed them down for "mass consumption"<br />c)  P Diddy wasn't asked to re-mix any of the songs to add "flava"<p>In other words, enjoy these great originals in their original, charming form!  Some of the best/catchiest/coolest music you'll ever hear, and you'll even learn something along the way too.  Double bonus for everyone, enjoy!
First I got the video but then I saw this disc and got a DVD player and the DVD is much better!<br />My kids love the tape and the DVD. I'm amazed at how these songs hold up year after year. - Conjunction Junction, I'm Just A Bill- those are the best but the others are good too.<br />I got this for them and noticed that the made a Schoolhouse Rock for Bible called Scripture Rock and my kids love both Schoolhouse Rock and Scripture Rock.
I have yet to watch it, since it is a present for my father for Christmas.  But it looks very good, the packaging of the DVD is very nice.
I loved looking at the old school rock but the sound was very low and we had to be very quiet in order to hear it.
I use to watch this on saturday mornings and loved it! but i got this and dont remember it being so BORING! Im hoping my daughter will find the enjoyment like I did years ago. I guess because Im older cartoons bore me alot. lol
Great dvd for the whole family
I was disappointed in the quality of the product. The CD keeps freezing during certain points.
Most school do not teach this any more, it's imforamtion for all student's. I would buy more educational dvd's from Schoolhouse Rock
The product arrived in record time; however, it was not what I expected, and that's not Amazon's fault.  I already own the VHS copy of the Top 25 Schoolhouse Rock songs, and thought I was missing something.  Sadly I was not.  The only positive is that the Multiplication Rock portion of it will help my daughter learn her multiplication tables much faster through song.
The money stuff is idiotic.  "Buy low, sell high, and dollar cost average."  The last of these is mathematically unsound and was invented to increase broker commissions.  No thought went into this besides "well, the original cast has retired, let's do something new!"<br /><br />Like Sesame Street, they should have stopped making Schoolhouse Rock after about 10 years and went to reruns.  Any kid who still watches this or Sesame Street for 10 years is going to enjoy it a second time either because it was good or he doesn't know the difference.<br /><br />That, and the Disney commercials, which no paying customer should be forced to sit through.
Brings back memories, but not as entertaining as I thought it'd be. My wife was put off by some of the phrases she thought sounded insensitive.
I remember Schoolhouse Rock from childhood (as do many of my friends I found out, when we were reminiscing one day).  I wondered if there was a way to expose my daugther to the songs to let her enjoy them too.  I found a CD collection at a local store, but when I searched on Amazon and saw the DVD with EVERY Schoolhouse Rock video ever made, I had to have it! (Interjection)<p>She loves the CD's and the DVD.  The DVD allows for great flexibility in playing her favorite songs, in whichever order she desires.  As she is 2 1/2, that means playing "Loli, Loli, Loli", and "Conjunction Junction" over-and-over again.  <p>There is also a nice section of bonus material which has a voice over interview with the creators of Schoolhouse Rock discussing the videos you are watching.  <p>My only complaint centers around the America Rock group of videos.  A history lesson addressed to primarily white children of the 70's, really looks like a white-washing of history in today's more ethnically aware society.  "Elbow Room" and the other America Rock videos don't address the more troubling parts of America's past (i.e. the treatment of native Americans and of slaves).  Really, these are impossible issues for funny video's to cover, so I would have suggested leaving the history part out.  <p>Overall, these videos are wonderful.  I'm not sure how much I learned from them, but they are a lot of fun and if my daughter is any indication, a entirely new generation of kids will embrace them as well.
My son lost interest after 20 minutes,while my daughter watched longer, it made her go to sleep.
Schoolhouse Rock! is supposed to be complete on DVD but Disney has pulled another fast one. They have left out one of the four "Scooter Computer & Mr. Chips" videos. Shame on them! I urge everyone to contact Disney and demand a remastering!
There's a lot to like about Schoolhouse Rock. I grew up watching it just like everybody else my age.<p>Looking back on it now, sure, the nostalgia factor is high.  But sometimes, the various segments can be factually inaccurate.<br /><br />For example, the "Verb" song identifies "batting" as a verb, when it's actually a gerund that acts as a noun in a sentence. Example: "I like batting." The subject is "I". The verb is "like". And the object -- which has to be a noun -- is the gerund "batting". Now, maybe gerunds are a little beyond the scope of the song, but then it should have stuck to plain old verbs like "bat" (I bat, you bat, etc.), not "batting".<br /><br />Another problem is that "Interplanet Janet" strongly implies that the sun is a planet, when it is actually a star. (The lyrics briefly -- very briefly -- mention that it's a star, but the overwhelming repetition of the word "planet" in the song, as well as the inclusion of the Sun along with all the other planets in order, implies that the sun's a planet too, just like all the others.)<br /><br />There are other slip-ups like this throughout the series, if you look for them. Schoolhouse Rock is good fun, but it's not always good education.
The dvd was listed in used but good condition.  What arrived was a case that was completely broken down the spine.  The cover was scarred and sticky, like a three year old had attacked it with a jelly doughnut!  The dvd itself has scratches, but none so significant that it hasn't played the tracks that I need.  This was purchased because I teach American History.  I don't have time to go through every track.  When I get to them I'll find out if they work.<br />Bottom line....never again from this seller
The song "Unpack Your Adjectives". I remember since Saturday Dec. 28th, 1974 the day I heard this song I was very depressed, and unfortunately, my mom was not in the most supporting manner that day. She said she was tired of my complaining, and she was sick of my not smiling anymore. I am crying now whenever I hear this song. I know that growing up my family always wanted me to smile, and that there was no room for complaining, frowning, and other things that just didn't make for positive behavior. I know I am still haunted by this 32 years later; I pretty much played this for my son on the dvd, and since then the memories have flooded back. I know that I played it tonight, and after putting my son to bed I cried like a baby. It's crippled me emotionally, and now I'm going to find out why, so that way I can begin to put this behind me. I know that 2 weeks prior to this I stopped talking to at the time my best friend as he wanted me to break into a abandoned house. I told him "No", and he responds by ripping my jacket up with a small pocket knife. I don't know if this has anything to do with why this song makes me so down and depressed, or not. I feel that other than this, and Eisner the rest of this collection is very good. I remember listening to this when I was younger, and I wanted to make this something my son can remember.
I was soooo excited to get this home and play it because I grew up listening to these cartoon segments every Saturday morning!  But it bored me.  They just weren't as good as I remembered them, I guess.  I ended up fast forwarding through most of it.  I paused for the classics "I'm only a Bill" etc, but I didn't seem to recognize most of them anymore.<br />If you're looking to relive a little childhood, rent it first-  then if you think you can live with it, buy it.  Perhaps you need to check to be sure you recognize more than 1/2 of the titles too.  (I 'thought' I did!) -I personally wish I had my money back.  (My kids even begged me to shut it off!) Just my opinion...hope it helps those of you looking to purchase it.)<br /><br />1smileycat :-)
This product does not seem to keep school age children enthralled in the learning process, even though that is what the intent was.  If your child is older than 7, I doubt they will like this.
DVD arrived in a timely manner; however once I inserted the DVD in it would not play.  The DVD made a lot of strange sounds but never showed a picture nor gave a clear sound.<br /><br />Dissapointed:-(
I haven't given the gift yet
I was really looking forward to sharing my favorite memories of Schoolhouse Rock with my two daughters, ages 6 and 4. However, the DVDs I received were marred by encoding problems from the manufacturer. I attempted to replace the disc 2x but was unable to find a copy that could play successfully in DVD  player.
These disks will not play on a Mac.  At all.  Since my macs are my only DVD players, this makes the set no better than coasters.
I couldn't get this program to work; I concluded that it is incompatible with Windows XP.
This DVD(s) takes you back to Saturday morning cartoons.  Before cable/dish.  You will find your children singing the songs soon after putting the DVD in.  It gives you choices to watch what you want, watch them randomly, in order, or by theme.  My wife and I watched our favorites first.  It is amazing how the songs are still in my memory.  The price is right too, cheaper than I could get it locally.  My only complaint is that the sound quality seems a bit poor, and that kept me from giving 5 stars.
I must say, that its about time that SHR came out on dvd format. I bought the vhs tapes a while back, but SHR on dvd , you cant top that. You get 2 dvds. One with all the videos on it, with a shuffle feature, and one where you can shuffle your own videos in the order you want to see them. The other dvd has behind the scenes with the original creators, and tells how they created the new SHR video, Gonna Send Your Vote To College. Also, has the long lost Weather Show, which got banned from airing from a lawsuit. The Scooter Computer and Mr. Chips videos are on the disk as well. History, Science, Grammer, Math, they are all here for us Generation Xer's to enjoy. Come on people, sure  these little videos are not always (POLITICALLY CORRECT) GOD FORBID! What was in the 70's? Take these little gems for what they are. A little slice of pop culture, a little slice of something that is long gone, and never to return. The golden era of Saturday morning tv and its rituals. Get this dvd (dvds) you wont regret it. R.I.P Saturday Morning TV....
This is a great DVD containing all of the original songs we grew up with during our Saturday morning cartoon days. It's just as entertaining and catchy as it was in the early 70's, and if my daughter's any indication even children as young as 2 will find it enjoyable.<p>What surprised me when I saw the list of songs was that there were many that I had never seen. In particular, all seven money songs didn't get on the air before I stopped watching cartoons, so there was actually new stuff (from my perspective, anyway ;-D).<p>You can play the songs in a few ways. First, you can go to the Play List and select songs by their group -- grammar, science, history, money, multiplication. There's also an option called "The Whole Enchilada" which will play all 46 songs. Depending on the style you choose ("mild" or "spicy"), the songs either play back in order by group or in a random shuffle.<p>There's also an option called "Jukebox", but this was deceptive. Instead of letting you pick any set of songs you want, you can only pick from the top ten songs (as determined by the publisher based on viewer feedback from years ago).<p>My daughter just turned two in September, and she loves to watch the Grammar Rock set. Within two days of seeing it, she was singing the chorus of "Interjections!" (as well as a two-year old can sing, that is ;D). I don't know if it's mainly due to this or just the rate her language skills are naturally developing, but her use of pronouns has greatly improved in the last couple of months and that song is another of her favorites in the Grammar set.<p>The other sections are moderately advanced for her age (especially multiplication rock and money rock), so she's not so interested in those yet. Surprisingly, she loves to watch "Suffering Until Suffrage" in the America Rock set -- probably because of the music.<p>The bonus materials DVD is OK, but apart from the Emmy section it's mainly fluff. The Scooter Computer and Mister Chips set is the one set of songs that's visibly dated, just by virtue of the subject matter. And I'm not sure why they called "The Weather Show" a lost song -- I clearly remember seeing that on Saturday mornings, which means they had to have been playing it pretty regularly. Maybe it was "lost" from the Science Rock VHS tape, but then why not just put it in that set on the DVD?<p>Overall, a definite 5-star buy!
I've rated this a five because it is utterly essential for aging ex-kids like me and for current kids who never ever want to forget the words to the Preamble.  But not all the clips are touchdowns.  I now present my humble (but correct) opinions on the major installments, rated on a scale from "my hero, zero," to a perfect "little twelvetoes":<p>My Hero, Zero -- Score:  Little Twelvetoes.  Maybe the single most perfect effort in the bunch (although "3" will run it a close race).  A difficult concept wrapped up in an unbelievably catchy tune with witty graphics.  Everything you remember it was.<p>Elementary, My Dear -- Score:  I Got Six.  Snappy but rather unimaginative. dull.<p>If all you got in this package was "Three is a Magic Number," "My Hero, Zero," "Conjunction Junction," "The Preamble," "Lolly," "Verb," and "Figure Eight," it would be worthwhile.  With all the extras, it's positively very very necessary.
Those of us who grew up as kids in the 80's will remember watching these short animation clips on TV, accompanied by catchy music and memorable lyrics. These cartoonish music videos that lasted less than five minutes somehow managed to teach us concepts that required dedicated lesson plans in school. This is the essence of Schoolhouse Rock.<br /><br />I'm a parent now, and I still haven't seen anything on TV that comes close to the clever way educational concepts are integrated into the lyrics and music. Each song addresses a single topic, but the range of subjects include American History, science, numbers, grammar, and money. In this DVD set you'll get all the classic favorites as well as newer ones that made more recently. Highly recommended!
I can't say this myself about the DVD collection (famous last words of the "Interjections" jingle), since there are still a lot of videos I still need to sit down and watch.  I think all of us who grew up in the 1970's and 1980's learned from the catchy jingles.  <p>If it weren't for the countrified "The Preamble," I wouldn't have it recited nor known what a veto is had it not been for "I'm Just a Bill" (both from America Rock).<p>"Electricity, Electricity" is really a rewrite of "Conjunction Junction" but no less informative or entertaining (from the Science Rock series).  The "Victim of Gravity" song stands out with its 1950's doo-whop influence (the character in the video even has James Dean sideburns!).  <p>If it weren't for "Conjunction Junction", "Lolly Lolly Lolly," or the funky "Verb That's What's Happening," I probably wouldn't have been as successful with grammar (all from the Grammar Rock series).  <p>But most of all, I think I learned my multiplication tables thanks to Multiplication Rock.  The songs "Three Is a Magic Number," "Lucky Seven Samson" (ya gotta love that long eared blackeyed bandit!) and "Ready or Not, Here I Come" were favorites(I used to count this way whenever I got tricked into playing another dreaded game of Hide and Seek!).  <p>The folky "No More Kings" almost sounds a little anti-British now, I suppose (and the animators goofed since the British flag did not include the red cross of Northern Ireland at the time; aside from that, still a very educational and catchy song/video!).  <p>Money Rock and Computer Rock introduced some new learning songs to an even younger generation (Mr Chips is introduced as a returning character and there's an interesting song about saving your money, which gives a nod to Reba, Wynnona and Dolly Parton).  <p>There are commentaries on "A Noun Is a Person, Place or Thing" (I like the mention of the Beatles, the Monkees and Chubby Checker!), "The Great American Melting Pot" and "Figure Eight," to name a few.  In addition, "The Weather Show" (which was previously banned from syndication and VHS anthologies due to legal entanglements) and a "new" song "I'm Gonna Send Your Vote to College" are included in this 48 song anthology.  There are interviews with the producers, animators and some of the musicians and performers.<p>While I was away at college, I read in our school newspaper there were picketers to bring Schoolhouse Rock back on the air (it worked!).  I remember as a 29 year old watching intently "Energy" and my older brother said tongue firmly in cheek "You're the biggest kid I know!"  If you have kids or are a teacher (or just a nostalgic buff or a kid at heart yourself), you'll want this generously packaged collection- indoubtedly (to quote Mr. Lolly)!
This DVD is one of the best.  It features the original 46 songs as they were originally broadcast, a play all feature, a shuffle all feature, and a top ten jukebox.  I will now tell you about the whole set:<p>In the set, there is a book to start it off.  The first pages are an interview with George Newall.  The next two list all the features.  Open up the flaps and you get the lyrics to the top ten shows.  The next page shows the features on disc 2.  Next page, the new song "I'm Going to Send Your Vote to College" lyrics.  Next, is all the songs on this disc.  That is the list.<p>After you finish the book, open up and start your show.  When you put the disc in, there will be an opening.  Ater the opening, you should go to the playlist menu.  Here, you can choose to watch any category of Schoolhouse Rock: Grammar, Science, Money, Multipication, and America.  You could also watch the new song, choose how to see them all, or go to the Top 10 Jukebox.<p>The Top 10 Jukebox is top on the menu.  You could select up to ten songs and then press the play button.  It will play all the songs in the order you selected.  You could choose any of the following songs.  They are in order of popularity:  Conjunction Junction, I'm Just A Bill, Lolly Lolly Lolly Get Your Adverbs Here, Electricity Electricity, Interjections!, The Preamble, Three is a Magic Number, Interplanet Janet, A Noun is a Person Place or Thing, and The Shot Heard 'Round the World.  <p>Second on the list is Grammar Rock.  You could select what you want to play or play all.  On this menu, you could see: Unpack Your Adjectives, Lolly Lolly Lolly Get Your Adverbs Here, Conjunction Junction, Intergections!, Rufus Xavier Sasaparillia, Verb: That's What's Happening, A Noun is a Person Place or Thing, Busy Prepositions, and The Tale of Mr. Morton.<p>Third on the list is Science Rock.  You could select what you want to play or play all.  On this menu, you could see: The Body Machine, Do the Circulation, Electricity Electricity, The Energy Blues, Interplanet Janet, Telegraph Line, Them Not-So-Dry Bones, and A Victim of Gravity.<p>Fourth on the list is Money Rock.  You could selct what you want to play or play all.  On this menu, you could see: Dollars and Sense, $7.50 Once A Week, Where the Money Goes, Tax Man Max, Walkin' on Wall Street, This For That, Tyrannosaurus Debt, and The Check's In the Mail.<p>Fifth on the list is Multipication Rock.  You could selct what you want to play or play all.  On this menu, you could see: My Hero Zero, Elementary My Dear, Three is a Magic Number, The Four-Legged Zoo, Ready or Not Here I Come, I Got Six, Lucky Seven Sampson, Figure Eight, Naught Number Nine, The Good Eleven, and Little Twelvetoes.<p>Sixth on the list is America Rock.  You could select what you want to play or play all.  On this menu, you could see: No More Kings, Fireworks, The Shot Heard 'Round the World, The Preamble, Elbow Room, The Great American Melting Pot, Mother Necessity, Sufferin' Until Sufferage, I'm Just A Bill, and Three Ring Government.  <p>Seventh, you could see the new song, I'm Going to Send Your Vote to College."<p>Eighth, is the play all 47 song list.  You could select either to play each one in the order just given or shuffle each one.  It takes 140 minutes to see them all.  Those are all the features on disc 1.<p>On the "Extra Credit DVD," you could see a lot of features.  First, you may go see the long-lost song that would be in Science Rock, The Weather Show.  There us the never released three song set, "Scooter Computer and Mr. Chips."  This set featurest three songs:  Software, Hardware, and Number Cruncher.  There is a documentary on the making of "I'm Going to Send Your Vote To College."  After that, you may watch this show.  There is the Top 20 Shuffle.  It features 20 songs.  They could only be shuffled.  There are two games.  The first one is the "Earn Your Diploma Trivia Game."  You have to answer 5 questions for each category of Schoolhouse Rock.  At the end, there is a word you have to unscramble.  Do all 5 and then you get the monster jumble word.  If you get that, then you have a little voting song at the end.<p>The second game is "Arrange A Song Puzzles."  You arrange 3 songs in order.  They are mixed up.  The easiest song is I'm Just A Bill.  The middle song is Conjunction Junction.  The hardest is Three is a Magic Number.  You may previw what you did wrong if you were wrong.<p>There are 4 music videos by contemporary artists for Conjunction Junction, I'm Just A Bill, Three is A Magic Number, and One more.  There is an Emmy Award featurette.  You will learn about every Emmy Schoolhouse Rock won.  There is a commercial with Three Is a Magic Number being used, Audio Commentaries for selected songs, and little "easter eggs" to watch out for. <p>Well that about wraps it all up.  This set is one of my favorites and you should really get it.  This is from the back cover:<p>Now every day will feel like a Saturday morning when you sing along with I'm Just A Bill, Three is a Magic Number, Interjections! and the rest of your favorite tune.  Feautring a catchy new animated song by the original series' creators, the 30th Anniversary Edition DVD rocks your history with every Schoolhouse Rock Short Ever Created.<p>Yes, I think you should get this.  Get it and you won't be sorry.  All of the shows are in excellent condition and sound quality is amazing.  So I rank it  5 stars.  It actually deserves more.<p>Darn! That's the end!
School house rocks....ROCKS!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />If you never seen this WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR!<br />It's educational,groovin,rockin,and just plain fun.<br /><br />This disc play's all the fav. and then some...<br />it has every kind of music from COUNTRY,R&B<br />ROCK,CLASSICAL,JAZZ,BLUES and FUNK! Watch THE BILL<br />SIT ON CAPITAL HILL,SEE THE ICE SKATER WHO DREAMS<br />OF THE FIGURE 8,THE JAMMIN I GOT SIX,THE FRANK ZAPPA<br />SOUNDING SONG OF 12,WHEN YOUR IN THE DARK AND YOU<br />WANT TO SEE YOU NEED ELECTRICITY ELECTRICITY,BE<br />PART OF THE THREE RING GOVERNMENT,THE GREAT AMERICAN<br />MELTING POT,WE WERE SUFFERIN TILL SUFFRAGE,LOLLY,LOLLY<br />LOLLY GET YOUR ADVERBS HERE,WHEN I AM IN NEED OF ACTION<br />VERB!!!,THEN WE RAN INTO A BEAR HE WAS A HAIRY BEAR<br />HE WAS A SCARY BEAR WE BEAT A HASTY RETREAT FROM HIS<br />LAIR AND DESCRIBED HIM WITH ADJECTIVES,HEY THAT SMARTS<br />OUCH THAT HURTS YOW THATS UNFAIR GIVING A GUY A SHOT<br />DOWN THERE INTERJECTIONS,A MAN AND A WOMAN HAD A LIL<br />BABY YES THEY DID THEY HAD 3 IN THE FAMILY ITS THE<br />MAGIC NUMBER.......And Amazoners this is a magic<br />DVD...C'mon what are you waiting for??? Climb<br />on the CONJUNCTION JUNCTION TRAIN...ALL ABOARD!!!<br /><br />~~~~~~~~ROCKIN AND A ROLLIN~~~~~~~~~~<br />~~~~~~~~SPLISHIN AND A SPLASHIN~~~~~~<br />~~~~~~~~OVER THE HORIZON~~~~~~~~~~~~~<br />~~~~~~~~WHAT CAN IT BE~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I really enjoyed this. It brings back wonderful memories.<br /><br />The one negative of the cd is the preview of upcoming vids by Disney. It is cumbersome to go through.
I bought this for my nieces to help them with their math. The songs are just as good as I remember!  I didn't know about all the other ones they made after I stopped watching those Saturday morning cartoons.  It really is an award winning collection...
This DVD has all the Schoolhouse Rock videos, just like I remember them from the 1970's Saturday morning cartoons.  Now, as a 4th grade teacher and a parent of a 3rd grader, I find they are just as powerful with the next generation.  Favorites like "Conjunction Junction" and "I'm Just A Bill" teach concepts in grammar, history, multiplication, science, and economics.  I want to kiss whoever created this!  Simply outstanding!
Brings back memories. This DVD has the complete collection off videos: Grammar Rock, Money Rock, America Rock,...etc. A must have!
I remember when I was in the 10th grade, back in 1975.  We had a history test on the preamble to the constitution.  We had to write it out word for word.  A few minutes into the test, the previously quiet room was filled with the sound of 30 students humming the tune from schoolhouse rock.  The teacher burst out in hysterical laughter.  Needless to say, we all did quite well on that test!  I told my 15 year old nephew this story, so, he's using schoolhouse rock to study for the same class all these years later!
As the cover says, this two-DVD set includes every School House Rock song ever created, and then some.<br /><br />If you spent time in front of the tube on Saturday mornings in the 1970's, these videos about conjuctions, adverbs, electricty, and how bills become laws will be quite familiar to you. In retrospect I realize how much I actually learned from these great songs.<br /><br />The only negative about the DVD is that the videos are organized in an on-screen jukebox, which is somewhat cumbersome to manage with your remote control. However the selections are categorized by theme (grammar, government, science, etc.) within this jukebox, and you have a variety of options on how to play them, including a Top Ten, all songs in a category, or one-by-one.<br /><br />For fans of School House Rock this is a terrific and complete collection that you will enjoy and also be able to share with your children. I highly recommend it.
You know how the rest of that lyric goes if you're familiar with this. For the seventies child, this is a lovely opportunity to get back to the good old days of Wacky-packies, Julia lunchboxes,and Evel Kenevel toys as you think of how these wonderful songs and cartoons made learning so much fun for you. I have tried these out on my neices and they (and hopefully my future children will) find joy in learning thanks to this series just as we did. True Edutainment for all time!
As a child of the 70's, Schoolhouse Rock was as much of a Saturday morning tradition as pajamas, cartoons, and cereal. Now, as a fourth grade teacher, I have rediscovered the value of these timeless cartoons. What was once simple entertainment wedged between The Wonder League and various other ABC cartoons is now a valuable educational tool!<p>Each year my students learn and memorize the Preamble to the Constitution thanks to Schoolhouse Rock. And how interesting would the American Revolution be without No More Kings, Fireworks, or The Shot Heard 'Round the World? From a fourth grader's perspective, NOT VERY!<p>This DVD is a must have for students, teachers, and parents. This fun, entertaining quick review of these necessary skills is a great way to learn with your kids/students. After all, how else would we know that a conjunction's purpose is, "Hooking up words and phrases and clauses"?
This is a must-have for any Gen-X-er worth his/her salt [grin].  If you grew up somewhat annoyed by these frequent PSA's that seemed to always get in the way of Dungeons & Dragons and so forth, but found yourself one day years later humming School House Rock on the subway, then this is definitely for you!<p>Quite frankly, this is one of the best designed DVD packages available.  It's a two-disc set with all the making-of stuff and over two hours of memory lane fodder that had me laughing out loud.  There's a ton of material here that stretches well beyond the years I watched SHR, so not all of it will necessarily be as memorable to everyone.  There's a jukebox feature that lets you play all the tracks in random order, or you can watch them by category; grammar rock, math rock, science rock, etc.  <p>Some of the material strikes me as remarkably heady for ten-year-olds which is what SHR was initially designed for.  There's a math tune entitled "Hey Little 12 Toes" which discusses base-12 math.  The government lessons revel in obvious political biases which are really quite charming and clever, regardless of your politics.<p>The only criticism I have is that there weren't recurring characters, which in my opinion worked against the potential for greater popularity among kids that were "forced" to view this stuff while waiting for cartoons.  This is so minor that it's barely worth noting however.<p>Eventually the networks abandoned the Saturday morning institution that stretched back to the 50's in favor of extended lite-news coverage.  Any extant cartoon production was outsourced to things like Nickelodeon [Nick Jr.] or left for the cable networks such as the Cartoon Network to gobble up...and thus began my disdain for corporate America [haha].<p>In general, the School House Rock Anniversary DVD is absolutely wonderful from start to finish and is a superlative reminder of that forgotten shared experience we all knew as Saturday morning cartoons.<p>5/5
If you grew up in the 1970's, you probably remember most of these wonderful shorts that actually taught you something and were loads of fun to sing.  A far cry from the politically correct ... that passes for educational TV these days, Schoolhouse Rock taught everything from math to American government to a generation of kids.  I can't wait to hear my son singing these classics in a few years time (he's 5 months old now).  So do yourself (and your kids) a favor and turn off that purple liberal dinosaur and his leftist-leaning friends and pop in this great DVD!
Im 39 now, and I cant believe SHR is over 30 years old now. Well it debuted in 1973, and I was 6 then, so yeah, its 33 years old now. I have very fond memories of watching SHR on those great Saturday mornings. They were mixed in with all those cool cartoons, and live action shows that came on. I must tell you, I love this dvd set. From th very first SHR segment Three Is A Magic Number-Scooter Computer, they are all here on these two disk. Also, on one of the disk, it takes you behind the scenes of the making of a new SHR song and clip. Send Your Vote To College. It also has interviews with some of the creators. Great stuff. I highly recommend this dvd set to anyone in my generation, and or who has kids. It was a great learning tool back then, and it still is today. I highly recommend it..
Having never seen the orginal School House Rock (SHR) classics when they first appeared on tv in the early 80s, I rented these DVDs from my local library out of personal curiosity. I was amazed by how incredibly brilliant these educational cartoon musical shorts are. The songs are ingenious, the music is exceptionally high quality and enjoyable to listen to. Of course I had to own it.<br /><br />Now, we most often play the SHR DVDs in the car during long drives. The DVDs are a great way to make the drive seem shorter and I honestly hear my kids learning valuable ideas, information, grammar and math skills with every passing mile.<br /><br />The only thing I'd say is annoying about the DVD setis the format in which the songs are placed on the DVD. All the shorts are broken up by category, such as math, science, social studes, etc. This is nice in concept, but whoever compiled and programmed the DVD forgot to include a "Play All" feature.<br /><br />As we use the DVDs primarily while driving, this becomes a problem because the whole DVD won't play end-to-end, therefore, requiring frequent fiddling with the DVD -- no easy feat when you're driving AND trying to advance the programform the front.<br /><br />This aside, the School House Rock DVD collection is the most popular addition to our educational DVD collection.
This is absolutely fabulous.  I ordered two copies to be sent to England, bought a DVD player that plays American DVDs for their school, and gave a copy of the DVD to school.  That's how good it is!  My children have learned all their rules for grammar, and several of the times tables - and they can recall them when they need to!  Get it now and save your children the drone of learning without music.
