I love it and so will any other average Antfan. I will give you the track listing, too. Kings of the Wild Frontier, Dog Eat Dog, Antmusic, Stand and Deliver, Prince Charming, Ant Rap, Goody Two Shoes, Friend Or Foe, Desparate but not Serious, Puss n` Boots, Strip, Apollo 9, and Vive la Rock. This video is worth every penny, belive me! Once you see him swing those hips and his lovely eyes, you will.
Adam and The Ants were part of the punk/new wave explosion that took place in the late seventies. Stuart Goddard (aka Adam Ant) and his group were more of a London cult punk band that were in need of modernization as so to speak. Goddard sought out ex-Sex Pistols manager Malcolm McLaren who gave them a new sound and direction. The addition of tribal drums and a Native American theme (tribal costumes and war paint on his face) for Goddard seemed to be what the group needed. McLaren was so impressed with the new sound and look of the band that Bow Wow Wow was formed. Soon after the name Adam and The Ants became the group's name and in 1980 the album "Kings Of The Wild Frontier" was released which produced several hits in the U.K. with "Antmusic", and "Dog Eat Dog". The album reached number 1 on the British charts as well. The group had success in Britain and were set to conquer America. With the help of MTV videos such as "Prince Charming", "Stand And Deliver" and "Goody Two Shoes", Adam & The Ants finally achieved success. The tribal drums in the mean time were complemented with brass horns. Stuart Goddard also took up acting and has been in numerous movies. This excellent collection contains all the hits starting with "Car Trouble" (from "Dirk Wears White Sox L.P.), "Antmusic" and "Dog eat Dog" (from Kings Of The The Wild Frontier L.P.), "Stand And Deliver" and it's b-side gem "Beat My Guest", "Prince Charming" (from the Prince Charming L.P.), "Goody Two Shoes", "Desperate But Not Serious" and "Friend Or Foe" (from the Friend Or Foe L.P.), "Strip" and "Puss N' Boots" (from the Strip L.P.) and "Vive Le Rock" and "Apollo 9" (from the Vive Le Rock L.P.) to name a few. If you enjoy listening to 80's new wave rock then you'll certainly enjoy this excellent collection.
First time listeners, I wish I were you. Second and more time listeners, you know.This album contains the first songs I ever heard from Adam Ant. I had bought this album twice before and had them promptly stolen. These songs are catchy and fun. Once you hear them, you'll be humming them all day and learning the words just enough to make people ask about the song or questioning if they heard right.I recommend Antics in The Forbidden Zone for all who love something different.<br />Karl
I loved it! It's been a while since I've seen some of those videos. Adam knows how to entertain! My favorite videos of all time are Stand & Deliver, Prince Charming, Antmusic, Goody Two Shoes, and Desperate but not serious. Adam is the king!!!!
This is a great compliation of Adam Ant's work.  I have been a fan of Adam's since for about 20 years. In junoir high my bedroom was a shrine to Adam --and the Ants, too! This CD takes me back to my &quot;happy place&quot; where music was still fun.  If you are a fan of Adam Ant you MUST get this CD.  And if you're not very familar with his work, this is a great chance to check it out!
Antics in the Forbidden Zone, in my opinion covers some of the earlier  hits that didn't get much airplay as well as some that did.  I have been a  fan for 17 years and this album sums up the most artistic decade  (musically) for Adam Ant.  These are the hits that molded an era and are  definately worth a listen.  This is my favorite &quot;hits&quot; album from  this artist.  Antmusic forever!  Adam Ant takes you to another time and  place away from the chaos of reality.  I recommend this album to anyone who  considers themselves an ANTFAN.
This is a good collection of videos from the 80's. They are of course very dated, but hey thats the fun of nostalgia.  All the videos are here spanning Adam &amp; the Ants musical career.  The standouts include Antmusic, Stand and Deliver, Prince Charming, &amp; Goody Two Shoes.  If your part of the insect nation, pick up this collection.
This is a great cd. It`s one I have to listen over and over again, and if your trying to start a collection, this would be a great one to start with. It has a couple of songs off of his first album &quot;Dirk Wears White Sox&quot;. Belive you me, those are hard to find! Nothing compares to this album!!
Collected from Adam Ant's first 6 albums, this CD effectively captures each stage of his rather eclectic career. From the unsophisticated power and throbbing beat of his Ant Music days to the polish and sophistication of his later solo releases, Adam Ant followed his own path.This CD captures most of his top songs and if you get hooked, look for the rest of his work. You won't be disappointed.
