This is my all time favorite Pink Panther film. I think that I like it the best of the series as is dwells so totally on Herbert Lom's madness, which is, of course, entirely caused by Clouseau. The opening scene of the film sets the pace, with the brilliant slapstick 'Dreyfus in the lake' segment (I am particularly fond of the role of the rake in that scene.) <p>The characterizations of Dreyfus and Clouseau are totally wonderful in this film. Watching Dreyfus descend into total madness is one of the all time greatest comic performances. Sellers as Clouseau is wonderful playing off of Lom, in such great segments as the 'hallucinatory dentist' and the 'hunchback and the bomber' scenes. This film is much less subtle than my other favorite from the series &quot;A Shot in the Dark&quot;, but what it loses in subtlety, it gains in situational humor unrivalled in any other comedy (&quot;Does your dog bite?&quot;...&quot;No.&quot;...&quot;I thought you said your dog did not bite.&quot;...&quot;That is not my dog.&quot;) Only Sellers could make these scenes work, and work they do, brilliantly so. <p>There are so many great scenes and lines that I couldn't possibly list them. Some of the best lines ever written for a comedy are in this film. To go with the brilliance of the script, the excellent direction from Blake Edwards, the always entertaining animated credits, the beautiful sets, the acting from everyone, led, of course, by Sellers and Lom, is letter perfect.<p>The DVD is an excellent transfer, and very pleasant to watch. The only real options are language and subtitle related, though there is an original trailer. I would have loved to have seen some outtakes as extras. Reportedly the cast frequently broke up laughing during the filming of this movie, and there is no wonder, given how funny the material is. <p>I first saw this in the theater when I was a kid. I loved it so much then that I went back several more times, and never tired of it. Now, almost thirty years later, I still never tire of this film. If you haven't seen &quot;The Pink Panther Strikes Again&quot;, by all means do so at once. If you have, it's time to get reacquainted with a brilliant old friend!
This is by far the best of the Pink Panther series of movies.  Sellers is a comedic genius and the funniest Clousseau scenes are in this film.  I saw this on the big screen while in grade school and vividly remember my friend and I bowled over in tears laughing so hard.  This is the movie with such memorable scenes as: &quot;Does your dog bite?...No....(dog bites Clousseau)...I thought you said your doig does not bite?....That is not my dog&quot; and the famous &quot;Blemish? But that's a priceless Steinway!...Not anymore&quot; as well as Clousseau's visit to the Octoberfest where two assailants both miss Clousseau and kill each other in the bathroom.  Every supporting actor (the guys who played President Gerald Ford and Henry Kissinger were superb) was believable and set up the scenes so well for the bumbling Clousseau.  If you only get one of the Sellers' Pink Panther movies, this is THE ONE to have because I believe you will tearfully laugh every time you watch it.
The inimitable Peter Sellers strikes again as Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau, in this fourth installment of the classic "Pink Panther" series, "The Pink Panther Strikes Again," directed by Blake Edwards.  Given the fact that the assessment of comedy is intrinsically subjective, this film is arguably laugh for laugh and sight gag for sight gag the funniest of the five (followed closely by the second of the series, the hilarious farce, "A Shot In The Dark).  In this one, former Chief Inspector Dreyfus (Herbert Lom) is about to be released from the mental hospital-- in which he has resided since being driven crazy by Clouseau-- when on the very afternoon of his hearing he is visited by none other than Clouseau himself, who has come to speak on behalf of his former boss.  Suffice to say that by the time Clouseau is through "helping," he is driven from the premises by the relapsed, raving madman, Dreyfus.  And it's only the beginning of the inept French Inspector's antics that, before it is over, will include a trip to the Ocktoberfest, encounters with a dozen hit-men from around the world, a beautiful Russian spy named Olga (Lesley-Anne Down), a surprise Egyptian spy (who will remain nameless) and a one-man assault on a castle.  As Laurel and Hardy proved so many times before, for every action there is a reaction; a theorem of which proof is unequivocally provided here by the relationship between Sellers and Lom.  This was the film in which Edwards and his stars not only further devised, but honed to perfection, their foolproof formula for laughs:  After the "first wave" of hilarity provided by Sellers, it is followed up-- in just enough instances to be totally effective-- by Lom's reaction to 1.)  Sellers directly (as in the first, classic scene at the mental hospital), or 2.)  Lom's reaction to Seller's antics as they are related to him by a third party.  It's a one-two punch that never fails and which, in effect, derives twice the fun from a single gag.  And it's brilliant.  But at the end of the day, it must be noted that there is one element above all else that accounts for the success of this film, and that, of course, is the Man himself, Peter Sellers.  Sellers must be regarded as-- if not "the," then at least one of the-- funniest actors ever to grace the silver screen.  There was no end to the ways he could make you laugh; from the subtlest expression-- an eye averted or perhaps the slight raising  of an eyebrow-- to the broadest slapstick, it was all within his personal domain, and he was the Master.  Physically, practically all he had to do to get a laugh was show up; consider the scene in which he arrives at the hospital to visit Dreyfus:  As he saunters across the lawn of the vast grounds surrounding the buildings, a croquet mallet and ball lying to one side catches his eye; there is just the slightest hesitation in his step, the subtlest change of expression in his eyes and the merest inclination of the head.  And there, in that briefest of moments upon the screen, you know-- beyond the shadow of a doubt-- what is about to transpire.  And you're right; a moment later Clouseau has the mallet in his hand and his foot on the ball, and even as it's happening-- just as you knew it would in that split second before it did-- he has you on the floor laughing.  That was the gift-- and the genius-- of Peter Sellers.  Was every film he made a classic?  A great film?  Of course not; but you would be hard put to find a single performance of his, even in a bad film (Like 1970's "There's A Girl In My Soup"), that did not embody that unique spark that defined him.  It was certainly alive in his portrayal of Clouseau (possibly the definitive Seller's character), and in retrospect, what a shame it seems that there were only five "Panther" movies ever made.  But so it is, and shall ever be.  The supporting cast includes Burt Kwouk (as the ever faithful and attacking manservant, Cato), Andre Maranne (Francois), Colin Blakely (Alec Drummond), Leonard Rossiter (Inspector Quinlan), Richard Vernon (Dr. Fassbender), Briony McRoberts (Margo) and Michael Robbins (Jarvis).  A funny movie that showcases one of Cinema's truly unique and funny actors, "The Pink Panther Strikes Again" is a side-splitting, fun movie you can watch over and over and never grow tired of.  The best of the series, it stands as a glowing tribute to the comedic genius of Peter Sellers.
Dreyfus, Clouseau's old boss, has gone mad and wants to destroy the world with his X-ray machine in this movie. Our only hope is the incompetent chiefinspector, Jaques Clouseau, played by the comic genious Peter Sellers (1925-1980, died of a heart attack). Are you looking for the best classical Clouseau-scenes? This one includes the non-biting dog (really?), the inspector as a tooth-pulling dentist in disguise, and his attempt to get over a moat! As in the other Pink Panther films, this too hasn't got a really credible and reliable story, but that's just a part of all the fun. Watch it over and over again, and notice all the funny details and mistakes Clouseau makes. This is the best Pink Panther movie, no doubt about it! You MUST get this one in your collection!
It should really come as no surprise to anyone that my favorite of the Pink Panther movies is the 1976 laugh-out-loud fest THE PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN. I am a big fan of the James Bond movies and here we have the Pink Panther at its most James Bond-ish with a madman holding the world to ransom from his atop his remote secret lair. I am also a huge Lesley-Anne Down fan (see my review of 1981's SPHINX) and she appears here as a Russian secret agent.<br />There really is no unfunny sequences in this movie and Peter Sellers as Inspector Clouseau is in top form.<br />Returning as Clouseau's tortured superior Dreyfus is the always excellent Herbert Lom who, after having failed to eliminate Clouseau himself decides to kidnap a scientist, build a super weapon and have the rest of the world send their best assassins to kill the hapless Inspector. Of course things do not go according to plan for the villain and through luck, timing and happenstance a myriad of agents fail as the oblivious Clouseau wanders through the scenes.<br />One of my favorite scenes is the attempt by Clouseau to interrogate the staff of an English manor following the kidnapping of the professor. Just check out a couple of the exchanges, all handled expertly by Sellars.<br />Shawk: I'm Shawk trhe gardener<br />Clouseau: And what is it that you do?<br />Shawk: I'm the gardener!<br />Clouseau: Why didn't you say that in the first place?<br />Shawk: I did<br />Clouseau: Look, don't try to get funny with me!<br />LATER IN THE SCENE<br />Clouseau: Look, what was your name?<br />Shawk: Shawk<br />Couseau: The cook!<br />Shawk: The gardener<br />Clouseau: Arrrr.....now we are getting somewhere!<br /><br />(After smashing a piano in a vain attempt to kill a bee)<br />Housekeeper: But that was a priceless Steinway.<br />Clouseau: Not anymore!<br /><br />It's pure classic Pink Panther humor, and it's even more heightened by the very funny physical humor that Sellars mastered better than anyone (check out the scene on the parrallel bars for example) Overall this movie is very easy to recommend. If you want a couple of hours of some of the best comedy evern committed to celluloid you should pick this up.
Though the film has nothing to do with the Pink Panther diamond, the cartoon panther had become synonymous with the comedy series by this point.  Thus the fourth Inspector Clouseau comedy was named THE PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN.  Though it's a little over-the-top at times - particularly during the end - it's one of the very funniest entries in the series, ranking right behind the original THE PINK PANTHER as far as overall quality.  The plot involves ex-Chief Inspector Dreyfus (Herbert Lom) going completely mad and retreating to a European castle, where he kidnaps a brilliant scientist (Robert Vernon) and his daughter (Briony McRoberts) and creates a ray gun which makes objects invisible.  Jacques Clouseau (Peter Sellers), now promoted to the rank of Chief Inspector, sets out to stop Dreyfus, while being pursued by assassins from governments worldwide who want Clouseau dead after Dreyfus makes a demand: "Give me Clouseau, and we can all sleep happily."<br /><br />The script, by director Blake Edwards and Frank Waldman (who wrote all the PINK PANTHER films of the 1970s), is a non-stop laugh riot, one hilarious moment after another, brought to life by outrageously funny performances from Peter Sellers and Herbert Lom.  Perhaps the funniest moments come during the wonderful animated title sequences, which spoof hits from JAWS to the 1960s BATMAN TV series.  Henry Mancini contributes another great score, while Tom Jones contributes the end song, "Come To Me".<br /><br />THE PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN is at times brilliant and always outrageously funny.  If you're looking to be completely entertained AND laugh your socks off, look no further than this film.  This was the final great entry in the PINK PANTHER series; the subsequent film, REVENGE OF THE PINK PANTHER, proved to be less-than-stellar.  It also marked Peter Sellers final appearance in the series, though he was resurrected through stock footage for 1982's TRAIL OF THE PINK PANTHER.
I saw this movie at 13 when it was released during the holidays in 1976 (its big competition was Dino De Laurentis' KING KONG), and I think the Panther won.  I absolutely loved it: they pulled out all the stops with this one.<br /><br />From Chief Inspector Dreyfus's relapse in the opening scene (it was great to see Herbert Lom giving such an inspired comic performance this time out: he's wonderful!) to the animated homage to movies in the titles to the wacky James Bond ending, THE PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN was and remains my favorite Panther movie.  A SHOT IN THE DARK is also great, but STRIKES AGAIN is where I found the biggest belly laughs.<br /><br />If you're a Panther fan, you've probably seen the recent bio pic, THE LIFE & DEATH OF PETER SELLERS (Geoffery Rush deservedly won a Golden Globe for his performance).  I've read the book on which it's based (the original 1000-plus page British version, no less) and MR. STRANGELOVE by Ed Sikov, along with several biographies of Stanley Kubrick.<br /><br />Obviously, Mr. Sellers had issues.  I'd always wondered why there had been a ten-year gap between the first two films (1964's THE PINK PANTHER and 1965's A SHOT IN THE DARK) and the rest (starting with 1975's RETURN OF THE PINK PANTHER).  It's unfortunate that Sellers had so little regard for what was probably his most popular character, and that he put poor Blake Edwards through such a volatile process every time, but at least a couple genuine comedy classics came together.<br /><br />DR. STRANGELOVE is Sellers's greatest performance, but Inspector Clouseau is his funniest.<br /><br />All the scenes work and this is the Panther film I recommend to everyone.<br /><br />Lesley Ann Down is stunning as the Russian agent, and look fast for Blake Edwards in a cameo in the gay bar (he's wearing sunglasses and checking out Clouseau--who, typically, can't quite figure out where he's at at first).<br /><br />I even bought the soundtrack album and remember Tom Jones singing "Come To Me" at the Oscars that year.  (If I remember correctly, the Best Song went to "You Light Up My Life").<br /><br />I've seen the trailer for the upcoming movie with Steve Martin as Clouseau...but he, or no one else for that matter, will ever nail it like Peter Sellers.
Unlike the other Panther films, which still mix in some of director Blake Edwards' skillful subtle comedy ala &quot;Breakfast at Tiffany's,&quot; this Panther outing is strictly high caliber slapstick. The plot, which is far-fetched, exists simply as a framework to get star Peter Sellers out of one comic situation and into another. This is not a bad thing - some of the funniest comedies are the ones that have the skimpiest storytelling. I've seen all the Panther films many times, and this is the one that I always laugh the loudest at. It's hard not to enjoy Peter Sellers as Inspector Clouseau and how he unintentionally outwits his former superior Dreyfus (Herbert Lom). The DVD release contains both the widescreen and fullscreen versions of the film (though no real extras)and is a step up from the old VHS release. It's always nice to have this choice on a single disc. I honestly don't know what extras could be included as most of the outtakes were unfortunately recycled in the inferior &quot;Trail of the Pink Panther.&quot; I recommend this DVD to anyone who enjoys a slapstick approach to comedy.
I agree with a few of the other reviewers -- this is the best of the series in terms of comedic moments.  From the opening scene the laughs never stop.  If you only watch one Clouseau movie, this is the one to get.
This was the first Panther film I was old enough to remember seeing on the big screen, and it is without a doubt the funniest and most entertaining. I have to say I have never seen the appeal of the first one.For me, the first  Panther film merits about 3 stars, and Return and Shot in the Dark were  about the same. This one kicks, and is just right. We also get to see a  hot-looking Lesley Anne Down.  This film does not waste any time and  is full of what Clouseau does best. There are plenty of gag-destructive  sequences to make you laugh out loud(best scene is where he is trying to  penetrate the Chateau), and Dreyfuss(Herbert Lom) is in rare form here. The  opening credits are some of the best as well that is a parody of different  films like Sound of Music, Dracula, King Kong, and Singin in the Rain!  Excellent in every way and definitely the best in the series.Don't waste  your time with REVENGE OF THE PINK PANTHER and those other ridiculous  sequels(CURSE OF, ON THE TRAIL OF)
"The Pink Panther Strikes Again", though misnamed (the "Pink Panther" plays no part whatever in this installment), is a very funny movie. ...<p>The first two "Panther" films had clever, relatively sophisticated plots. In the first one, Peter Sellers was part of an ensemble of stars and was not the sole focus of the story. The second was a transition, with Clouseau emerging as the focus, but with an emphasis on the story still evident. Subsequent efforts were simply vehicles for Sellers' portrayal of Inspector Clouseau. Everything else was secondary. If an Inspector Clouseau film is what you want, then the later films are for you. Personally while I enjoy the later films very much, I like the first two best...<p>Of the later movies, "The Pink Panther Strikes Again" is, in my opinion, the best. The plot is completely over the top, but that doesn't really matter. Sellers and Herbert Lom play off each other marvelously, and there are lots of very funny scenes. The opening, with former Chief Inspector Dreyfus ready to be released from a mental hospital, and, later, Clouseau trying single-handedly to break into an old castle, are highlights. This film's predecessor, "The Return..." had classic bits, too, of course, but the plot was allowed to become a bit confused. Here, there is no confusion, just Sellers doing his thing. On that basis, it's funny regardless of the plot.<p>For me, this is a strong four stars. It ranks somewhere between "A Shot In The Dark" and "The Return Of The Pink Panther". Not a bad place to be. They're all very good, and there are lots of laughs to be had from each. If you are looking strictly for a Sellers vehicle, though, this might be the best one of the bunch for you. Either way, give it a try. You won't regret owning this. It's a comedy classic in its own right.
O.K.Panther fans this along with A SHOT IN THE DARK are the<br />absolute best of the 9(or is it 10 now?)Clouseau series-from<br />The very beginning with Herbert Lom(who by the way is laugh<br />for laugh with the one of a kind Sellers)ready to be released from the psyco ward and the brilliant pond scene-to the Former<br />chief inspector trying to rid once and for all CLOUSEAU(can't<br />he realize even James Bond himself could not get rid of<br />Clouseau,as a matter of fact I see Clouseau killing Bond although Clouseau would not know he did)There is the classic<br />news paper scene "FRENCH DETECTIVE ARRESTED IN RAID"Sellers<br />look on his face and how he is putting his hand in front of<br />the camera is priceless(I'm laughing now as I think about it)<br />Also the interrogating the staff as got to be seen to be believed(a bee keeper who's lost his voice and a vitness to<br />mehrdar)THE dentist seen was very funny how Blake Edwards<br />kept a steady camera on that scene is any one's guess also a plus is the very beautiful Lesley-Anne Down.So panther fans<br />or just lovers of great comedy get this with A SHOT IN THE<br />DARK and you have 2 times the laugh.Mark my words Franz-waa!<br />NOTE:PAY ATTENTION TO WHEN SELLERS IS WALKING IN THE GYM<br />ROOM,BLAKE EDWARDS DOES A QUICK CLOSE UP OF HIS SHOES AND<br />THEY ARE BOTH DIFFERENT-HOW CLOUSEAU IS THAT!<br />I'M SOMETHING OF A ASPALEET CHEW KNOW YES-YES!
The Pink Panther series is one that is well worth collecting for those gems that you just can't help watching time and again. This movie features classic scenes such as the parallel bars stunt &quot;Nothing like a good warm up, when you're on the case you know&quot;, the superb priceless Steinway interrogation and lines such as &quot;Does your dog bite?...&quot;.<p>A little predictable? Yes.<br />Laugh-out-loud funny? Yes.<br />Worth adding to your collection? Definitely.
Peter Sellers returns in this classic comedy. Dreyfus is more insane than ever! Considering the fact that he just got out of the insane asylum! The fight with Cato and Clouseau is the funniest Clouseau fight I've seen yet!  But there is a few problems, in the near end Dreyfus disappers into thin  air, yet he returns in &quot;Revenge of the Pink Panther,&quot; alive and  well! The movie also drags in the middle, then it picks up again.  If you  forget those parts you'll rate it 5 stars. I also thought the scene with  the President was hilarious. The line he said was, &quot;Call the FBI, the  CIA, and the pentagon! Find out who won the game!&quot;
If you REALLY want to get an understanding of where Mike Myers got the inspiration for the shagadelic superspy, don't bother with the old James Bond or &quot;Our Man Flint&quot; mobies from the '60's...those movies owe more to the era in which they were made than the development of the main character.<br />&gt;<br />No, the ORIGINAL Austin Powers was none other than Inspector (later &quot;CHIFF&quot; Inspector, but that's another movie) Jacques Clouseau, every bit as much a credit to French &quot;leau&quot; enforcement as is Austin Powers to British secret service.  Even though the &quot;Pink Panther&quot; franchise was originally created to be more of a spoof on the old pulp/film noir genres best typlified with &quot;The Maltese Falcon&quot;, et al, this particular entry in the series provides a secret agent parody that even Mike Myers would have to admit exceeds his own (extremely brilliant) undertakings on the same subject.<br />&gt;<br />I won't touch on the plot, but the recommendation is simple; if you enjoyed any of the Austin Powers movies, you will love this one, no doubt about it.  Jump on it with both feet!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0009S4J3W">The Pink Panther Strikes Again</a><br />Peter Sellers returns as the slightly dim-witted, Inspector Jack Clouseau, in this sporadically funny follow-up. Steve Martin, like in a Hindu Proverb, has to be born a thousand incarnations, before he can come within a thousand miles of Peter Sellers. This time, Clouseau, is fighting his former chief, Dreyfus(Herbert Lom), who controls a piece of machinery, with which he is threatening to blow us all sky high. Blake Edwards is at the helm again, and, Lesley Ann Down, provides the beauty.
The fourth installment in Edwards's riotous Pink Panther series revolves, like the other spy-movie spoofs, around the ingenious comic talents of Sellers, whose klutzy Clouseau is hilariously straight-faced and pratfall-prone. Lom hams it up as master villain Dreyfuss, while Lesley-Ann Down adds some kittenish sex appeal as a slinky Soviet spook who gives up the chase when she falls for the clueless Frenchman. Wonderfully lunatic sequences--like a slow-motion kung-fu fight--and plenty of silly sight gags will keep you in stitches.
THE PINK PANTHER STRIKES AGAIN is a bit of a dichotomy. It starts off extremely humorous with a base in some form of reality. However, as the film progresses its drifts into the world of the surreal. This film does contain some extremely good scenes but it almost comes off as a very strange dream. Herbert  Lom really comes into his own in this film. He is outrageously funny and steals this film. Mancini's theme and score is once again on target and extremely innovative. This is a fun outing in all.
Okay, I admit this is one of the funniest of the Panther films, but I swear there have to be some deleted scenes. Newsman Howard K. Smith is given star billing in this film and is credited as playing himself, yet I don't spot him anywhere in the movie. Does this mean there may be another reissue of this film on DVD with even more footage? I can only hope.
This hysterical romp is the funniest of the funniest movies made. Ten stars for Inspecteur Clouseau.
A Mouse That Roared, Dr. Strangelove, A Shot In The Dark, The Magic Christian, and now, The Pink Panther Strikes Again. The fourth movie in the Pink Panther series is the best, bettering even A Shot In The Dark. This time, Clouseau must stop his former supervisor, Dreyfus, now a power-crazed madman, from destroying the world with a superlaser that preempts the laser from Grand Moff Tarkin's Death Star by two years.<p>Herbert Lom's talents as Dreyfus are nowhere better than in this movie. We clearly see a man driven further to the edge, and carrying his goal to kill Clouseau to new heights, especially by holding the world hostage in exchange for Clouseau, dead or alive, preferably dead. And yes, that nervous twitch in his eye has gotten worse.<p>The scenes with the assassins at the Oktoberfest hilariously shows that Clouseau is a lucky son-of-a-gun, narrowly avoiding certain death. Of particular interest is the scene in the public restroom.<p>Just when you think the movie can't get any better, along comes Lesley Anne-Down (Georgina Wellsley in Upstairs Downstairs) as Russian agent Olga Beriosova,  who and one of the sexiest femme fatales I've ever seen onscreen. She only has ten minutes of screen time altogether but I had to wipe the steam off the TV both times, especially in the final scene.<p>Some gags are repeated from other movies.  The tearing of Clouseau's trousers, his falling into a pool of water, having someone remember what Clouseau was saying, and Clouseau stepping on someone's foot all came from A Shot In The Dark. Then there's Clouseau's mutilation of English words, especially "room" from Return Of The Pink Panther. However, take note that the apartment rumble between Clouseau and Cato are the most destructive and funniest in all the series.<p>Like all British movies, familiar faces pop up in small roles and cameos. The plummy Michael Robbins (Dr. Who-The Visitation) plays a butler who leads an interesting double life. There's Patsy Smart, who was Miss Roberts in Upstairs Downstairs, as a servant, Damaris Hayman (the white witch Ms. Hawthorne in Dr. Who-The Daemons), as a not-so-alert woman who mistakes Clouseau's attempts to save Dreyfus as a kind of romantic love, Tony Simpson (cameos in Are You Being Served? and The Tales Of Tiffany Jones) as a very old but alert gardener, Leonard Rossiter (Reginald Perrin) as the British inspector who becomes a victim of Clouseau's bumbling in a very painful way, and Deep Roy, (Dr. Who-Talons Of Weng Chiang as Mr. Sin), as a midget assassin, <p>One of the funniest gags involve the rendition of a classic joke about a man asking another man if his dog bites. Another is his response to the destruction of "a precious Steinway," and his entanglement with a suit of armour. And Clouseau's repeated attempts to penetrate Dreyfus's stronghold are akin to Wile E.Coyote's attempts to get Roadrunner--something else funny and cruel prevents him. Oh yes, and there's the scene where's he's disguised as a dentist and where he and Dreyfus succumb to laughing gas.<p>Of the Pink Panther collection, this one and A Shot In The Dark are the sparkling jewels, so make ruum for it in your video or DVD collection, you swann. Ruum? Oh, you mean room? That's what I said, you fool! Ruum!
Hardly a vase is left unsmashed. Every great movie hit is parodied, even some movies made long after.  Everything associated with the Peter Sellers/Inspector Clouseau series comes to a full and glorious peak.  What is surprising is that this movie remains fresh even after all these years.<br /><br />When Clouseau's servant Kato attacks him as he enters his apartment the resulting martial arts send-up is like a Jackie Chan outtake.  There's even a glamorous Russian assassin wearing little more than a fur coat to outdo all the Bond girls.<br /><br />Herbert Lom plays the insane Former Chief Inspector Dreyfus with the manic glee of a little boy running amok, cheerfully reprising bits of his role in "Phantom of the Opera".  It has to be mentioned that Lom takes a pratfall with as much grace and panache as Sellers.  The scenes where both appear together are comic masterpieces.<br /><br />This is the movie where Sellers destroys the audience merely by saying, "Room" in Inspector Clouseau's ridiculous and phony French accent. It might be an old dog by now, but the trick still works, as does the joke.<br /><br />President Gerald Ford is memorialized in this 1976 movie, with a look-alike actor stumbling over his feet in the mock Oval Office. I think the real Ford only fell once getting out of the Presidential helicopter, but the comics feasted on it for years.  Another scene in this movie that no longer feels the same is the one in which the madman Dreyfus erases the UN Building in New York -- people running through the streets unfortunately called to mind the events in 2001.  When this movie was filmed the skyline of New York did not have the twin towers of the WTC. The little flashback this scene engendered in my mind is not the fault of the movie.  It was the world that changed...That the movie could still make me laugh after that is a testament to its comic power.  Five stars still...the world needs to laugh.  The clueless innocence of Inspector Clouseau is still a potent remedy for what ails us.
Yes, there is the scene where Omar Sharif makes love to Lesley-Anne Down in the dark, taking advantage of the fact that she does not know that he is not Clouseau.  HOWEVER, in the original film (previously issued on DVD, and now missing), Sharif then sings to Down "Come to Me", which is the set-up to the joke at the end when the real Clouseau sings to her in his own bed, and she comments on his voice, noting in her surprised reaction how different it is from what she heard before.<br /><br />So, what's the problem with releasing an entire movie on DVD, instead of additional selective edits?  There are certainly no shortage of substandard "director's cuts" where we get everything that should have remained on the cutting room floor, but for a modern classic, why do this???  And where's the disclaimer on the box that warns the consumer that they are NOT getting the entire original movie?<br /><br />With decisions like this, Hollywood deserves every lost nickel of revenue from writer's strikes, actor's strikes, etc.
"The Pink Panther Strikes Again" is one of the defining moments of my early film going experience.  I saw it when I was thirteen (sat through it twice) at my neighborhood bijou.  I went to my parochial school and during recess related the film's juiciest parts to my male buddies.  I was overheard by a nosy female classmate and she told Mother Superior about my off color remarks.  After getting tongue lashed about my impure thoughts I was sent home(this is punishment?) and told to contemplate and maybe make an act of contrition.  Oh, well.  The movie?  In my mind Peter Sellers is the greatest comic force to ever hit the silver screen.  After a series of box office bombs and ten years after "A Shot in the Dark"(the best in the Clouseau series) Sellers revived the character in "The Return of the Pink Panther" in 1975.  That film was a mixed bag but a box office success nonetheless so another entry was inevitable.  In 1976 "Strikes Again" came out.  I think this is the second best "Pink Panther" film.  It's a mixture of witty verbal gags and over-the-top slapstick.  For the most part it works but there are some misses.  Sellers was incapable of phoning in a performance but to my mind seems a little tired here.  I think that has more to do with the heart attack he had recently suffered than any boredom with the character.  Herbert Lom, however, as Clouseau's nemesis Chief Inspector Dreyfus has never been better.  Lom was usually relegated to supporting roles and director Blake Edwards gives him the opportunity to chew the scenery in royal fashion and he goes for broke here.  Another bonus is the presence of the delectable Lesley-Anne Down as the Russian assassin sent to kill Clouseau but falls in love with him instead.  Down gave good performances in "The Betsey" and "The Great Train Robbery" later but never achieved the success that her talents merited.  I would recommend this film as a good entry level for those unfamiliar with Sellers' comic genius and then graduate them to "Dr. Strangelove".
The fourth installment in the immensely popular &quot;Pink Panther&quot; series is definitely one of the funniest.  It also shows just how talented  the great Peter Sellers is.  Sellers is a comic genius, talented not just  in physical comedy but verbal as well (one of the best examples of this is  his &quot;interrogation&quot; of the staff at the professors home).  He  excells in his portrayal of Clouseau and his ability to always maintain a  high level of dignity no matter how silly he looks (after falling down the  stairs he gets up and exclaims &quot;That felt good&quot;).  Everything  from his goofy accent to his hilarious interactions with the other  character's (especially Kato and his &quot;former chief inspector&quot;)  are enjoyable.  Any fan of the series will love this installment.
Best ever...great laugh! I will buy more Peter Sellers is awesome!<br />Wish there were more of these straightforward comedies, without violence & sex
FELLOWS!!<br />I JUST HAVE TO SAY THAT THE PURCHASE WAS REALLY GOOD, ARRIVED ON TIME AND I AM TOTALLY SATISFIED AND LAUGHING UNTIL NOW! PETER SELLERS ROCKS, THERE IS NOBODY LIKE HIM UNTIL TODAY!!
I enjoyed Clouseau as always.  I was glad to add this DVD to my collection.  The<br />service was also good.
Probably the best of the Pink Panther movies with my favorite scenes:<br />1) A morning at the psychiatric hospital.<br />2) Rumble with Cato.<br />3) Interview at the Fassbender home.<br />4) Getting past the moat.<br />5) Psychotic dentist.<br /><br />And:<br />Any scene with Cato in it is hilarious.<br />Because of this movie, we have been saying "the phoone is ring-ing" and "go to your reum" for decades.<br />Can't beat this movie, the inimitable Peter Sellers, really one of the funniest movies in the history of funny movies. Highly recommended.
There are many Pink Panther movies, the work of Blake Edwards, Peter Sellers et al was quite productive.  This movie should come with a warning that viewers could experience life-threatening paroxysms of laughter, and for sheer, diabolical comic intensity, this movie takes the cake.  "Ah- yes, it is all coming back to me now..."  I was fortunate to hear Sellers' performances on the old Goon Show as a child, and the experience was quite formative of my sense of humor.  Some say Monty Python is the epitome of British humor, but I think the center of that storm lies further back, closer to the Goons.  The chemistry of the characters in "Strikes Again" was transcendental.  They inspire me to relate to others similarly in my real life, which has been, of course, nothing but a cartoon on many occasions.
My Father loves this movie and I found it on Amazon.com for a GREAT Price!!! This was a gift and it arrived in a timely fashion.
Well, I actually was able to sit through this film until the end. Obviously improbable story line, makes this worth seeing for funny gags, that you can't help laughing at. Almost as a diversion to something like a World War (which Sellers fought in). Includes some lines, about Sellers participation in World War II in the movie. Sellers has a gift to make people laugh probably stemming from his desire to help people after seeing the death and destruction of World War 2 bombings (sic) from his childhood. This makes him most beloved with his comic timing being done quite well overall; wish their were more comedians, but unfortunately he's one of a kind, working as it were obviously not for the money, but for truly trying to help people's hearts in trying time. The movie was not all that great in and of itself, but he's such a one of a kind comedian, it's worth seeing--- again again to the end.
It was very awesome 2 b able 2 find the movies I watched b4. Because the first 1's I had grew legs & walked off. LOL Thank U so much. I am enjoying them.
Since there have been other reviewers here who have taken the time to write in detail why this movie was so good, I will just agree in saying that it is indeed an excellent film! It is by far the best in the entire Pink Panther series and will have you laughing the entire time. If you enjoy this film, be sure to check out the rest of the series.
