I doubted that a biography of any pianist, even somebody as eccentric and talented as Gould, could hold my attention for the length of a feature film -- even one that purports to be 32 separate films. I was wrong.<p>Thirty Two Short Films about Glenn Gould is an incredible venture in story telling, in biography, in education, and an heroic attempt to show a story from multiple vantage points, using a varied set of devices.<p>As each of the 32 "short films" evolve, a web develops, connecting details and revealing an incredible life. We get less a biographical theory in this movie, than a larger set of questions than we dared to ask before the film began. <p>I found the experience to be brilliantly artistic and mentally stimulating. The cinematography builds mood and the music is unsurpassed. Definitely not an action movie--most skateboarding teenagers would rather have root canals than sit through this. Let them watch DUNGEONS AND DRAGONS or ORANGE COUNTY. <p>I thoroughly enjoyed this movie without reservation. It earned more than the mere five stars Amazon will let me give it.<p>(If you'd like to discuss this move or review in more detail, please click on the "about me" link above and drop  me an email. Thanks!)
I first showed this to my students five years ago in one of those &quot;after the holiday concert slump&quot; moments.<br />At first, the seventh grade students were restless, similar to the German hotel chamber maid whom Gould forces to listen to his newly arrived recording.  At the same moment she becomes riveted, the students became riveted.  I showed the video over two days.  After that, students were curious about Gould and his life and work.  With the advent of the suggestion that Gould suffered from Aspberger's Syndrome (a neurological disorder with similarities to autism), some of my students were interested in learning more about people with this disability, especially their afflicted classmates.<br />I do need to stress, both to my students and even to some adults, that this is not truly a documentary.  It is an art film.  The man playing Gould is not Gould himself, but the actor Colm Feore.  Many of the other people interviewed are truly portrayed by themselves, including Gould's piano technician, friends, and violinist Sir Yehudi Menuhin.  Even with its questionable historic accuracy, it is a wonderful introduction to the works of one of the most highly regarded musicians of the last century.
This is a wonderful film. It has introduced me to Glenn Gould after I had been studiously avoiding him due to a purist &quot;authentic performance&quot; buff's dislike of Bach on the piano. Many wasted years. As to the film itself, it is not a documentary. It was never meant to be. Nor does it have a linear story line. It was never meant to have. It is a pastiche, a cinematographic collage using a theme. The theme is Gould and his relationships and we see the number of effects he had on people from a huge variety of the social spectrum. Really this is why it is like variations on a theme, and juxtaposing this to the Goldberg Variations (unique too in their own way, being the ONLY set of Variations Bach ever composed) is a masterful stroke. Judicious use of dramatic license portrays this obviously complex man in a very sympathetic light and with real cinematographic flair. The Hamburg scene so eloquently evokes Germany that I felt a momentary pang of &quot;homesickness&quot; (I lived there for 8 years). Masterful cinema, beautifully paced, varied and interesting. I must answer the typically america-centric view of one of the reviewers directly. There are two reasons why Yehudi Menhuin speaks French. 1)The film was made by Canadians and English is not the only language in the world, and 2)It is sonically more interesting to have a French interview at that point in the film. Far from struggling with his French I feel that Mr. Menhuin was struggling with ideas and concepts about a complex and confusing man and Mr Menhuins relationship to him. Masterful cinema....just think more about it
Colm Feore is excellent as Glenn Gould, and there is the film.  There are some wonderful musical interludes and visual interpretations, but Feore is the film.<br /><br />Now, does the film cover every aspect of Glenn Gould's life? No.  But what biographical film ever does?  I've read a couple biographies, and some entertaining facets of Gould's life were missed.  The characters he created and performed as weren't even mentioned but his wit and warmth as a human being were expounded upon by people who actually knew him--now that is valuable, seeing and hearing the people who were touched by that great pianist.
"Gould's passion and charisma cross all boundaries plus reach out and grab one by the throat."  That quote by a reviewer sums up the sublime emotion portrayed in this film.  You can see the young Gould growing up and his passion for his music increasing exponentially throughout his relatively short life.  The movie, disjointed, fragmented and disorganized like the genius Gould, is a wonderful artistic statement of the man and his marvelous gifts to all of us.  I listen to his recording of "The French Suites" with awe and profound appreciation...and think what it may have been like to be this man, trying to live such an ideal life in such an imperfect and messy world.<br /><br />As an old folk lyric in the song "Vincent" proclaims, "This world was not made for someone as beautiful as you."  Glenn was truly a beautiful soul.
I was expecting a documentary of Glenn Gould, ie, with exclusive footage of Gould, short interviews, etc. What I got is a 'film' about Gould acted out by another person, Colm Feore. For those who are not familiar with this film like me, please be aware of this fact before you buy it. Otherwise, this film is tastefully done, employing Goldberg Variations to link the different segments together. One extra note for those using a region-free DVD player: this DVD works fine on both of my region-free DVD players (of different brand names).
I've loved this film for years but it seems to be out of print on DVD and you can't find it unless you're willing to pay a million zillion bucks for it. Which I'm not. But luckily I still own a working VCR so this will do for the interim. Maybe they'll do a DVD reprint. Who knows, a guy can dream.
This is a film you either love or are left cold by.  This film acknowledges the dictum that "talking about music is like dancing about architecture" and it opts for a different approach to telling its story.  The film, Thirty two Short Films... invites you to go on a journey with it, musing and meditating about Glenn Gould, about genius, about normality, about the impossibility of being totally known by others, the universality of loneliness and the direct, immediate connection to and among disparate souls that music makes.  I have quirky taste and I love this film.  And I love, in tandem with this film, The Silence Before Bach which reminds me of Thirty Two.. in various ways in its ability to recognize when words fail and seeking images in response to the music and the life which gave rise to unique interpretations of and engagement with the music.
This is a great set of short films that steadily reveal the biography of Glenn Gould in chapters.<br /><br />My wife and I already had the VHS version which was recently mangled by our VHS player. A DVD version will hopefully be more robust.
I selflessly gave my beloved copy of the DVD to my son, who is a pianist and who loves this movie.  I sure do wish I could replace it.<br /><br />Glenn Gould was an amazing technical pianist, and a fascinating eccentric.
This is a great film. Well, that's the review over with! Does anybody know when this film will be reissued on DVD?
Usually most films with biographies of famous people have mostly the same structure: born, struggle, die - but this movie is different. It is obviously based on the Goldberg Variations, or, in this case, the GOULD variations. We see 32 different aspects of Gould's life: from his obsessions with medication to the way he was fascinated with conversations in a diner - that led to his audio documentaries. It is interesting, different storytelling. One of my favorite biopics!
This film is a treat. Unlike most biographical films, it does not attempt to provide a chronological history of its subject: rather, it provides a series of glimpses into the nature and character of the man . And what a man Glenn Gould was; an extraordinary classical pianist, writer, broadcaster; an eccentric in some ways, infuriating, loveable, puzzling. Yet his art has enriched the lives of many. In my opinion, no writer has ever captured the &quot;essence&quot; of Gould : (perhaps he  himself would not want his innermost nature to be disclosed; he was a very private and reclusive man) but this film makes a creditable attempt to do this, although it is probably attempting the impossible. It's thirty-two short sections (the format is modelled on the 32 sections of Gould's mosts famous recording, Bach's Goldberg Variations) each reveals a different aspect of Gould's work and personality. Some of these  &quot;short films&quot; are acted; some consist of interviews with Gould's colleagues and friends; one or two are purely musical. Perhaps one criticism of the film might be that it is, inevitably, rather superficial; there is simply insufficient time to explore such a complex character in depth. And it does tend to  exaggerate some of the odd an eccentric aspects of the man, such as his obsession with illness, and his mannerisms. But for all this it does give an idea of his intensity, his commitment to his art, his sheer creativity.<p> Gould is played by Colm Feore, whose performance is understated and near-perfect.  Although the soundtrack uses Gould's own recordings to great effect,  you never &quot;see&quot; him actually play the piano (such an enactment would surely be a travesty of the real Gould) but Feore is convincing to the point where many people have said they thought they were watching clips of the real Gould, not an actor, despite the fact that he does not actually resemble the man he is playing. <p>If you love music, whether or not you know much about Glenn Gould's work,  love him or hate him, find him exasperating or simply have never heard of him, you will probably enjoy this film; and with luck you will end up wanting to know more of both the man and his glorious music.
Eccentric, brilliant, paranoid, reclusive, and recording vampire of the night.  The words have often described Gould's life.  This film weaves documentary pieces, narrative, performances into a quite unusual film.
I like any documentary that tells its story in an unusual way. I'm tired of the standard, endless structure of most biographical documentaries: "He was born here, in this year, to these people, grew up learning this and doing that, here's an unusual twist, then passed away/went insane/disappeared/still struggling/making a comeback ..." Of course, I was not familiar with Glenn Gould prior to watching it and so didn't have the "actor doesn't look like him" problem. It's definitely slow in many places, it demands attention and a good night's sleep, but that's also one of it's charms: it provides room for interpretation. Just a very clever way to tell a story.
What an interesting collection of meditations on the stupefying musicality of Glen Gould. This pianist is from another planet. Classical music has never been so exciting to a rock n' roll fan.
