I was a beginner, and started yoga with this video 8 months ago. I find it gives me more energy for the rest of the day, and takes less than 25 minutes. It was difficult at first to hold some of the positions, but with repetition I got much better. I have tried 4 other yoga videos, and none are as good for me as this one.
I am new to yoga and I thought that this was good for beginners. Of course I was not able to move as much as Ms. Deason but I know that it will take  some time to be just as good. I felt very relaxed at the end of the tape  and I have noticed that I am more flexable. Some of the camera angles were  not all that great. Sometimes her back was toward the camera so you really  don't get to see the move correctly and that's the only flaw. The  modifications at the end were also very helpful, for a beginner.
Though I agree with other reviewers that this DVD seemed more "advanced" or "intermediate" and also that the voiceover is off at times from the action, I really LOVE this DVD. I really feel like it works--I've noticed a big difference in the muscles in my legs after using this program regularly. Also, the program is a nice length. It also stretches my capacities just enough to be challenging, but not so much that I can't do it. I really recommend this DVD to anyone who is looking for a yoga program that pushes them a little harder and is more of a "workout" than some others. I also recommend it to people who have some practice with yoga already, not people who are just starting out.
Fantastic quick moving, flowing practice!  This program got my body heat up and my heart rate up.  I felt GREAT afterwards.  I felt like I worked my entire body, but yet felt limber at the same time.<br /><br />I would agree with other reviewers that this is probably not a program for beginners.  I would recommend this program to people who:<br /><br />1. like a fast moving, flowing workout<br />2. are looking for a more physical practice<br />3. have some experience with yoga (intermediate beginner, or intermediate)<br />4. are fairly flexible<br /><br />I also would agree with other reviewers that the audio dubbing is off some, but this happens in a lot of yoga DVDs and it doesn't bother me too much.  If that is something that bothers you - the dubbing not always being EXACTLY on queue with the movement - you may get annoyed by this DVD.  But I find that you can either watch the screen and ignore the dubbing (and only move when she moves), OR listen to the dubbing and just not watch it.
I've done yoga off and on in the past, both via video and also live classes.  This video is definitely not for beginniners.  Some of the poses are intermediate (at least in the live class they were) and in that class we moved into these poses much more slowly and used props to help us.  10 minutes into the DVD, she has you doing the triangle pose and another one (whose name I forget) where you stand on one leg with one arm touching the ground and the other arm and leg in the air. And this moves alone at a fast clip.<br /><br />I'm also taking away another star because there's no warm up and her verbal cues do not always match what she's doing.  You have to be able to watch the DVD to follow her prompts - not an easy thing to do when you're in down dog! Otherwise I liked this DVD and would recommend it for intermediates.  It has beautiful scenery and Suzanne Deason herself is a pleasant and likable teacher to spend some time with.  It just seems to be mislabeled as "beginner."
I've been using this tape on VHS for years and finally had to upgrade to the DVD. I'd say it's on the advanced side of the Beginner's category, which was great because it kept me challenged at first and is something I still keep in the rotation.  It should be noted, however, that it's mostly flowing yoga (often referred to now as Power Yoga), so compared to other Beginner's titles, this may be more challenging and will definitely get your heart rate up.<br /><br />I also like that it's only about 30 minutes, so I can almost always fit it in.
I LOVE THIS YOGA TAPE. I was the first yoga tape I ever used and is still my favorite, nothing I have found has measured up to this tape. While it does take a few times to get the movements down and some of the positions are harder it gives you something to work towards and after a few weeks I could just listen to the tape and no longer have to watch. I can't say it enough how much I love this tape, in fact I am trying to find it on DVD because my VCR no longer works and I can not find anything that has lived up to this yoga tape so far.
I agree with some of the other reviews.  I consider myself a yoga beginner but I've been doing yoga for a couple of months before I got this tape.  I knew some of the poses and had seen pictures of others but never attempted them.  I think some understanding of yoga is required for this tape because of the speed of the routine.  Sometimes it goes too fast from one pose to the next without explaining the pose in detail.  I'm glad I bought this tape used.
Before I got this video I read these reviews. I was spurred on by the undertone of vigorousness in some of the reviews. I am not a beginner in terms of physical activities so that yoga presented here is not a first timer kind of challenge. Though  not unaware of what the less thrilled reviews had to say. I got the tape and the first time I worked along with it to see how I like it...I give this video a 4 stars rating!. I find it invigorating and a challenge because I know how to deal with it I think. It has a lot of good poses/combination of, to offer and in a niffy 20 minutes as well. I am very glad I lessened to what turned out to be my better judgement. Contrastly, here are the problems:<br /><br />1) "Beginners":  The word "Beginner" is a BIG mislead. Probably used for promotional/commercial sell to that "market". It is overall a good workout...for ADVANCED BEGINNER/INTERMEDIATE. If you look at the back of the video cover you will see "Dancer" pose which may not be considered beginner as such but may not be enough of a hinter at the deception.<br /><br />2) The hold of the poses: While she is trying to do "POWER YOGA" and thats fine, there must have a decent moment where you finish the pose completely. Its like a dancer who does a beautiful jump and just comes out of it not holding it to establish the move, so that its unfinished, not fulfilled visually nor physically. This is what makes it seems so "fast" and "quick". She does not hold some of he poses to a basic finality and benefit, thus the cutting it off for the next pose. This is disconsorting even for advanced beginners/intermediates at first.<br /><br />3) The poses themselves: Issues of abilitiy, flexibility, mobility, alingment are things not taken into account at this level of a tape it is assumed or presumed which is why I say its better as a advanced beginner/intermediate. When she does the pose where you raise your leg behind up in the air face downward hands on the floor. She needs to hold this pose a bit. You might as well kick the leg up and back down that as much time as you get with her. In general, though I love that pose and am able to get a good stretch by adding my own alterations; head to knee with leg up. For a beginners to maneuver this kind of thing is hard especially if they follow her just timing. In some instances even she a little too jump the gun for herself. I try to complete a pose even if I am a smig behind her pace its fine. Also for me she trys to get in a too much instruction in places where she could say less and allow the pose to be experienced and not to be held static in the meantime. The music is the same as the Rodney Yee yoga..which is a great plus for me, its produced by the same people/Living Arts. But I found my tape music too low and her voice overriding it. As always with these kind of videos you have to take into account any back, knee, etc issues you have.<br /><br />On the upside I can see why some people really did like it. For one they are probably NOT beginners! and know how to speed up while getting the most out of the pose or know how to alternate what they want without skipping too much of a beat. There is that "yoga gentle feel"; the background, colors, her voice, and the music which does its part in creating a relaxed peace. Although I think downward dog is overdone, I like the poses combinations. I am familiar with the Rodney Yee yoga sessions so that her pose combinations add more variety for the while. What Susan Deason in this tape DOES OFFER for the NON-BEGINNER is the chance/challenge (by your own patience, observation, trial and error..she helps only in that she has presented the challenge) to learn to move yoga gracefully, vigourously, yet throughly.. not only necessary and downright triumphant in this case, but in general.
For a beginner, there are some poses on here that I definitely could not hold.  I thought it was a good workout and taught me about different poses for strengthening, but it seemed more advanced for beginners in some parts with the balancing.  I wasn't expecting easy, just maybe a slower paced beginning.
I absolutely love the video, but I do think that if you have never done yoga before this is not the video for you.  Maybe The Living Art AM/PM Yoga would be better.  This video is a workout, and will help build the lower body.  I had to do the video several times before I could hold some of the poses.  Luckily, there are modifications for some of us beginners, and they do make the video a little easier.  This is a fun intense yoga.  I would suggest viewing the video before attempting to do it.  Do not get discourage by the fast pace.  After a few times you will be anticipating the movement and it will be easier!!  I love the video and I feel great when I am done.  I feel am really working and I am already seeing better strength and felxibility in my legs!!
I notice the reviews are really mixed on this tape, but I say it's just OK. I have lots of yoga tapes, and this is the one I reach for the least. I think the instructor's delivery is rather unenthusiastic, although I find it soothing in the relaxation portion, and I feel like I need to hold the poses longer to really benefit from them. It does work the lower body, and it's short enough to do before you go to work, but I just can't get excited about it.
