The run time for this movie is actually about 118 minutes, but the US Blu-Ray version is only 99 minutes. Why the heck is that? I was looking forward to this (especially for it's incredible run time, making it a true epic), but was let down by you guys at Amazon. Other than that, the movie was still good, but should have been 240 minutes, extending all the battle sequences in the movie
Dynamic actor Jackie Chan is working hard in trying to leave a firm and strong legacy in Chinese cinema and cinema in general. Perhaps he wants to demonstrate that his talents are not exclusively in martial arts films and comedies, but also in dramatic roles. And I'm happy to say that he successfully does that in "1911 Revolution," a formidable and epic film about one of China's defining moments in its tortured history. Historical movies just don't get better than this.<br /><br />The film opens with the execution of Qiu Jin, in Shaoxing. She was a member of the Tongmenghui, a revolutionary council that wanted to end the imperial government. We are then taken to San Francisco, on April 26, 1911, when Dr. Sun Yat-Sen (Winston Chao) is speaking at a fundraiser to the Chinese community in that city, in order that money could be collected for the revolutionary army that was fighting the Qing Dynasty. It was thought, we learn, that "overseas Chinese people were the mothers of the revolution." Next, we see Huang Xing (Jackie Chan) commanding an attack on the governor's mansion, in the so-called Guangzhou uprising. Sadly, the uprising fails, but Huang Xing survives and continues the insurrection. Dr. Sun Yat-Sen remains in foreign countries trying to provide funds for the revolution and stop the support of the Qing Dynasty by foreign powers. From then on, we witness, step by step, the history of the revolution that ended feudalism in China and brought down the Qing, the final dynasty in the history of the republic.<br /><br />"1911 Revolution" is magnificently full of historic information, which directors Jackie Chan and Li Zhang were able to condense in the film's 99 minutes. It is a true epic, with overpowering cinematography, astonishing production design and dramatic battle scenes. Joan Chen shines as Qing Empress Dowager (Longyu), who finally abdicated on February 12, 1912, ending 2,000 years of monarchy. And don't expect funny and martial arts scenes from Jackie Chan - well, there is one fighting scene, which I suspect was placed just for the hell of it. This is a serious role for Chan, who does it well. In addition, it is my understanding that this might be Chan's 100th film. The two-disc Blu-ray edition of the movie also includes deleted scenes, making-of feature, interview with actress Li Bing Bing, and more. (China, 2011, color, 99 min plus additional materials).<br /><br />Reviewed on January 10, 2012 exclusively by Eric Gonzalez for Well Go USA Blu-ray.
I live in Albuquerque, and I drove to Denver to catch a screening of this movie.  The trailers and promotions bill it as a Jackie Chan movie, but he really only has a supporting role.  There's one brief fight scene, but otherwise it's heavy drama and lots of guns.  And as I said, Jackie Chan is not the main, or even main supporting, actor in the movie. Several commenters said that it's only natural that there's less action since Jackie is older, and maybe that's true, but that's not my point.  My point is that JC is on the screen less than half the time, but the movie has been promoted as though JC is the star.  The film itself was well-produced, though many of the details were confusing because it's supposed to be a historical piece and I know very little about Chinese history.  It also moves rapidly, making it difficult for a casual watcher to keep track of names, dates, places, etc.<br /><br />One other item to note is that the film showed in Mandarin, and Jackie Chan did not dub his own voice.  Well Go USA, the distributor, also included Mandarin as the only audio track when it released Shaolin, another recent Jackie Chan movie.  I believe that this blu ray release will feature only Mandarin and not Cantonese.  Well Go USA also edited out nearly a half hour from this version.  Some commenters suggested that the Chinese government is responsible, but I don't really know.  All I can say for sure is that this version is quite a bit shorter than the version I saw in the theater a few months ago.<br /><br />Among JC's recent releases--Karate Kid, Little Big Solider, Shaolin, Shinjuku Incident--this is my least favorite, mostly because of how little JC it features.  Armour of God 3 should be fun once it arrives later this year/early next year.
I had been looking for a good book covering Chinese history of the early 20th C, so this film caught my eye in the store. I hadn't heard of it, and can't vouch too much for verisimilitude, although it certainly looks as if a major effort was put into capturing the look and feel of the period, and to document the events (on screen, during the film). It was certainly entertaining, and I appreciated it being offered at 99 minutes, because it is an ARDUOUS FILM to process. The characters speak very fast, and talk a lot, so the subtitles go blazing past. You barely have time to see the words of one line, before another replaces it. Mercifully, the main subtitles are large and white, and easy to see against the many dark backgrounds, but their velocity is not for the headache-prone. In addition, all the characters are identified onscreen with very small Chinese and English printing, and the events transpiring are also given historical documentation (dates and explanatory text) in microprint above the main subtitles. It's like speedreading three books at once, while you are watching a movie. I have a home theater with a 10' screen, and I bought the Blu-ray, and those are the only reasons I could get through the film. Trying to watch this on a TV, even an HD TV, would be infuriating, I think. It was meant to be a theater experience, not a TV show.<br />  I also detest chop-socky films, and this production is free of that for 98 minutes. I guess they couldn't resist putting in one ludicrously incongruent MA clown fight, the gravity and tone of the rest of the film only serving to exaggerate the inappropriateness of doing so. Imagine Kenneth Mars' Nazi character from The Producers in Schindler's List and you get the idea.<br />  All in all, though, it is a handsomely mounted and high-minded look at a corner of history not many of us are likely to know very well. I good biography of Sun Yat-Sen would probably clarify things. My one real complaint with the serious history is that it is easy to lose track of which side you're watching during the battles. The movie moves quickly, and can be confusing. It also doesn't help that the foreigners are mostly poorly acted, cardboard characters, but they don't have much screen time.<br />  I think the ridiculous paean to the Communist Party at the end of the film is probably just a thank you for filming in China, and no big deal. It might even be perceived as a veiled comment that the revolutionary ideals discussed at length in the film have not yet been realized.<br />  Amplified in translation: the General orders his artillery officer to set the range for 2400 miles. Good cannon.
Historical epics have been a part of Chinese cinema for a long time, and now that Jackie Chan has grown just a tad too old to pull the insane stunts of his youth, it makes sense that his latest film, his first directorial effort since 1998's Who Am I?, is 1911, a historical drama about the Xinhai Revolution, which overthrew China's last imperial dynasty. Released on the 100th anniversary of the revolution and marking Chan's 100th film, 1911 was unfortunately a failure here in the States, where it took home just over $135,000 at the box office is one of the worst films of Chan's career. The problem, is that the film relies too heavily on title cards to explain already convoluted plot points, rendering the proceedings more akin to a history lesson than a piece of entertainment. If you aren't already familiar with the story taking place, you may find 1911 tedious, overlong, and dry, three words you'd never have thought to associate with a Jackie Chan movie.
I'm a world history teacher, and I am going to China later this summer for a three-week vacation/adventure. I spent a lot of time in my class covering Chinese history, so it was only natural that I would watch this. I enjoyed it a lot - but mostly because I was familiar with the basics of the material it covered. Otherwise, I would have been totally lost. The plot concerns how Sun Yat Sen and his followers fight a lot of battles to defeat the corrupt Qing dynasty and establish a Chinese republic. There's a little more to it, but not much. This is not really a martial arts movie, nor a real drama, but a curious mix of those things and a documentary.<br /><br />What you get is a lot of hagiography about Sun Yat-Sen, and a lot of battles. The film is most certainly propaganda for the current regime in China, even it is somewhat veiled. Many historical figures are introduced and then. . . they disappear from view. I suspect a Chinese viewer would probably get a lot more out of it than a western viewer. The whole thing is rushed. Very, very little back story is given about either Sun OR the decline of the Qing dynasty. A better screenplay would have given us 20-30 minutes of crucial backstory, and the remainder would have had a much greater impact.<br /><br />Fun to watch, but not great cinema.
I'm a military history buff, not a Jackie Chan fanatic, so, I didn't expect this to be a kick fighting movie - it's not.  This movie has sweeping cinematography and absolutely epic sets and battle scenes, but it's all lost as the story telling is extremely poor and the microscopic white font story boards are absolutely impossible to read.  Even pausing the DVD, you can't read them on a regular television set because the letters are so small that anything but a high-definition television cannot seperate the pixels enough to make them readible - no joke.<br /><br />The movie jumps around constantly, from the actual revolution to several years before, so if you're not paying VERY close attention, you will get lost quickly.  It also introduces FAR too many characters, most of whom don't live long enough in the movie to have seemingly even warranted an introduction.  Jackie Chan IS in this movie quite a bit, so I don't know what those complaints are about.  Chan does a fantastic job of dramatic acting in this one, not his normal fare, but he does a great job.  The problem is, he has directed and written a movie that's completely scrambled.  I LOVE historically based period movies and this one has all the ingredients to be an epic classic - however, it's so jumbled up that it's almost painful to try and watch.<br /><br />Also, this IS NOT about anything "communist" as some have stated, this was the 1911 revolution to establish a free Chinese Republic - NOT a communist state.  The weapons, uniforms, and battle scenes warranted three stars, but this movie needs to be doctored, spliced together in a different fashion, and have the voice overs changed by someone who knows what they're doing.  It is very poorly written, poorly directed, and very poorly edited - but, the cinematography and scenes are literally nothing short of superb.  Can't really recommend it unless you get it bargain basement, but the battle scenes would be worth it if you could buy this DVD on the cheap.
Well done but a bit choppy editing trying to fit it for a US commercial release. Good thing the disc included deleted scenes which I think they should have incorporated into the film. We should stop marketing over edited movies just to satisfy short attention spanned viewers (esp. for US). This should have been at least 3 hour film. This is a good primer for China history newbies though.
The movie starts with a failed battle in the Revolution. The reasons why the Qing dynasty is being deposed is not mentioned until later in the story and then only in abstract fashion. Much of the movie concentrates on overseas Chinese money funding the revolution as well as the attempts to stop foreign investors from loaning money to the Qing dynasty. This gives you a behind the scenes look at a revolution.<br /><br />The movie was littered with patriotic slogans and noble causes to the point it interfered with the smoothness of the production as a historical piece into a modern Chinese patriot production. The message of the revolution is of self sacrifice for the good of the nation and don't forget to keep sending those dollars back home. I felt lost a few times during the film and that the producers of the movie had less historical integrity than an Oliver Stone film. The attempt to make heroes out of everyone who participated in the revolution was over done. I kept waiting for them to cut off the emperor's head and parade it through the streets and then I got really disappointed. Seems the Chinese are not French. I could never relate to the characters.
Yet, it just does not all come together. I have seen several good Asian movies such as Brotherhood and Assembly. All of them at least have a flow to them. The dialogue is in normal speed & you can easily read all of the subtibles. This movie looks like whoever wrote it was on speed. The movie jumps around so quickly & the people speak & act way too fast. I could read about only 40% of the subtitles.  The scenes are not really tied together, the written commentary is way too small & moves far to fast. The scene should be paused until one can read it.  Frankly, this is the kind of thing that could have been avoided if the director had a close & honest friend watch the movie & suggest changes.<br /><br />1911 feels like playing an old 33 record lp at 75 rpms. It simply does not work. It truly is a pity as IF more time were taken to develop the first 2/3 of the film, the action & dialogue were slowed down the film was about 20 minutes longer to tie scenes and events together, 1911 could have ended up a good film. Unfortunately, it just doesn't pan out.
As my favorite Jackie Chan grows old I am glad he takes more dramatic roles cause he is top quality and well worth watching.  Good movie
"1911" is marketed as Jackie Chan's 100th film. I think there is no need to write about the outstanding career and incredible life story of the star (who acts as a co-director here). What I have to say is that he is just part of the ensemble cast in this Chinese historical drama. If you are looking for his martial arts action, this is not your film.<br /><br />Those who are interested in the modern history of China know that 1911 is the year of the Xinhai Revolution that overthrew the Qing Dynasty. Not being an expert on Chinese history, I have only limited knowledge about the revolution. Still, I can say "1911" is beautifully shot and largely well-acted ... and feels like reading a textbook.<br /><br />I'm sorry to say this, but with all respect to Jackie Chan, co-director Li Zhang (his first feature) and those who are involved in making the film, "1911" is boring, devoid of compelling narrative. Winston Chao plays a revolutionary Sun Yat-sen. Jackie Chan portrays Huang Xing, his friend and also a military commander. With a casual research through the internet, you will learn a few things about their dramatic life stories. The film is very serious and earnest (not a bad thing in itself), but fails to present the dramatic aspect of their life.<br /><br />Featuring a huge cast of characters including the Empress Dowager Longyu (Joan Chen) and Huang Xing's wife Xu Zonghan (Bingbing Li), the film is often rushed. In spite of large-scale battle sequences, the film lacks emotional impact, suffering from its uneven pace and chronologically and geographically confusing narrative.<br /><br />In conclusion, "1911" needs more time and a better script to be what it strives to be, an emotionally charged historical epic.
Jackie Chan stars in the film made about Chinese revolution in 1911.  During that time, Qing dynasty is ruling this vast country.  Empress Dowager is not a strong ruler.  Her political and economical misssteps lead country to financial dependence from strong european countries like England and Germany.  China is borrowing money to build railways and its citizens are dying of hunger and poverty.<br /><br />For anyone familiar with European history: French Revolution, Russian Revolution, etc.  these events are recipe for disaster. Intellectuals and peasants alike ask for change and that entails getting rid of the feudal system and autocracy that lasted in China for over 2,000 years.  Many young people rebel and start fighting on the streets in order to make a change.  Their leader is Sun-Yat Sen, young medical doctor, living in exile (San Francisco) who is devoting his time to raising money and recruiting fighters to change China.  It is important film because it reflects on the real events that happended in China nearly 100 years ago.  What happened then made a foundation of China we know today.<br /><br />There are too many characters in the film and peopl unfamiliar withthe names of Chinese provinces, may find movie confusing.  Some of the subtitles explaining characters and events are in such samll print, it is next to impossible to read them without pausing a movie.  In any case it is a spectacle and rematicised way of looking at one of the most important events in Chinese history.
I just watched this on Netflix - well most of it - and was disappointed.  I like historical movies and Jackie Chan but it was very difficult to keep up with this film, much less have an understanding of what was happening. It took me a few minutes to realize that the Chinese characters and English subtitles on the sides of the screen were to identify the participants, not the actors, mostly because I was trying to keep up with the dialogue subtitles.  Then the screen started displaying more and more information - descriptions of the timeline and actions.  Now, I am an avid reader and have a decent reading speed but I just could not keep up with three separate groups of text running simultaneously with the action.  The acting seemed decent, the production values great but I felt like I should have read a book first.  My memories of this time period in China from World History classes are 40+ years old. Finally turned it off.
This film was made to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of the Xinhai Revolution or Hsinhai Revolution also called The 1911 Revolution. It was part of a series of uprisings against the last Imperial dynasty that of the Qing Dynasty. The starting point is the Wuchang uprising where Jackie Chan playing Huang Xing leads a small group to slaughter, but inspired others to become `martyrs' for the cause.<br /><br />That is the historical basis for the film and the makers did try to get as much of their version of history across as possible. A lot of the reasons for the revolt were an accumulation of grievances and the out moded feudal system that still persisted by the Manchu minority ruling over the Han majority; this is not really touched upon in the film. What we do have is the work of revolutionary fund raiser Sun Yat Sen played by Winston Chao, and his efforts to thwart more foreign aid going to the Qing's coffers. There is also the internal politics and screaming self interest that goes on at the Imperial court.<br /><br />All of this is balanced fairly well with lots of fighting that is done in that colour filter way to add realism and on the whole is very good. The problem here is speed and editing. Every time a new character or location appears we have small print sub titles coming up in both Mandarin and English. Not only are they nigh on impossible to read on even a large TV, they also appear for a few seconds whilst at the same time the other subs for the dialogue appear too. Even using the pause button it was still a bit of a chore.<br /><br />Then we have the foreigners who are all cardboard cut outs and played by some D list drama school drop outs, they even all appear to be dubbed; which is woeful. They are presented as all detestable and rude whilst being smug and selfish, whilst all of the revolutionaries are shining beacons of self sacrifice and service to the nation. We do have some ambiguous characters but they get so little screen time that we do not get much of a chance for any intrigue to build up. Also the other characters, of which there are many, are all only bit players so little chance to get much in the empathy bank too. I feel they tried to cram too much history in and were unsure of the vehicle, so had a kind of action propaganda idea with a love interest shoe horned in between Chan and Bingbing Li.<br /><br />This also appears to have been edited down from the original film from 118 minutes to 95 or so, and I have no idea why; you do get over 100 minutes of extras though. This was co-directed by Chan and he may have bitten off a bit too much, also it is painfully obvious that allowances were made for the Chinese authorities who see the 1911 revolution as the beginning of modern China, which of course it was not, as that was fought for a republic and not a centrally planned Communist system.<br /><br />All of that aside this is far from being a turkey, it just could have been a lot better historically and even failing that as a film, it is too busy, too rushed and too ambitious with too many barriers to achieve that ambition. In the end we have a passable film that is part action and part political shenanigans. This has scored particularly badly on Rotten Tomatoes, in the single figures at present, but that could be because in America this was billed as a Jackie Chan movie, and it is not a martial arts fest, he only does that in one scene, and is trying to do serious drama. Whilst that is all well and good, I think next time he might want to let someone else sit in the director's chair.
While this film did somewhat show that Jackie Chan is a very good actor and the photography was exceptional, it proved to be too disjointed to be,concerning the subject,"entertaining". Whoever selected the cast went out of their way to find an "American" that either was naturally pathetic or was inclided to betray American's as pathetic. The first hint this was a Chinese Comm. propaganda film was the reluctance to show the revolutionary army's battle flag fully extended. The very last line in the film claimed the whole revolution was the effort of the Communists who,truth be told, did not exist for many years after the fact and had no role in 1911. This may be the reason it seemed so much was cut out. Perhaps the ChiComms deleted all materiel' that was contra to thier propaganda. The quality of the sets and the action scences are first-rate, however. The effort,on a whole,resulted in a waste of time and money when anything Jackie Chan and/or Joan Chin should be at least worth otherwise.
This is a wonderful performance  by the multi-talented Jackie Chan. He finds his homeland torn apart by a corrupt and violent dynasty and has no choice to join the struggle for a free China. This 2 hour epic traces the 1911 Chinese revolution through it's many violent and bloody battles and the ongoing political struggles.
The production values in this movie are stellar. There are massive war scenes and other extremely expensive scenes, with a "cast of thousands."<br />What kept this movie from being great was the fact that, every few minutes, there would be script in the middle of the screen explaining who certain people were and what events were happening from a historical perspective.<br />The problem was that the script was MINISCULE - impossible to read without pausing the movie to either walk up to the screen to try to read the words, or click the "Zoom" two or three times.<br />Adding to the problem was that the subtitles were still clicking along at bottom of the screen at the same time I was trying to read the script in the middle of the screen. Even if the script was large enough, I still wouldn't have been be able to read the script and subtitles at the same time.<br />After about 30 minutes of doing this, I finally gave up watching the movie. Way too much of a hassle. And since I would be unable to follow what was going on (being unable to read the script), there was no point in continuing.<br />Why didn't Jackie put the script in larger letters, and show the script on a blank screen for a few seconds, temporarily stopping the action and stopping the dialogue? That way, I could have read the script, then gotten back to the action and the subtitles. It wouldn't have been that difficult to do.
This movie staring the awesome Jackie Chan is a wonderful emotional war movie. The effects are superb and it contains much action, romance, and emotion. If you are interested in buying a movie no matter who you are, you will love this movie.
In my opinion, this is one of Jackie Chan's weakest movies. The pace of the movie left no room for actor play and character development. Unless someone understands the history of what was happening in China in 1911 (which I do not), it is hard to make sense of what is going on in the movie. There is an attempt to put the explanation and commentary on the screen, but the font is so small, it is impossible to read in regular definition resolution. After watching the movie I have no more knowledge or understanding of what happened in China in 1911. I also could not bring myself to connect with any of the characters.<br /><br />The biggest thing that just escapes me with this movie, though, is this. Does Jackie Chan really believe that the revolution was a good thing for China and that Communism has anything good to offer? Was the movie a piece of propaganda forced onto him by the Chinese government (which would explain why the movie is so bad)? I just do not get it.
I received the item a couple of weeks after purchasing it. Very good movie in my opinion. I recommend it to everyone!
Interesting historical subject matter, good production values, but ... blatant Chinese communist propaganda.<br /><br />According to the film, the Qing dynasty was corrupt, and therefore had to be taken down.  Only then could freedom, peace, and prosperity break out in China.  And the work did not end with the 1911 revolution; it was continued by the communist revolution some decades later.  Apparently the communists carried forward the spirit of the 1911 revolution and brought about the "rejuvenation of the state".  The revolutionaries were virtuous, those who died were martyrs, their work was glorious, etc. etc. etc.<br /><br />Read some history books and check out communist China's human rights record, and you'll get an idea of the communist version of freedom, peace, and prosperity.  Then watch the movie and enjoy a glimpse of a unique piece of world history - and a taste of communism at work in the present.
Purely a propaganda film and, while beautifully filmed and mostly well acted (with some exceptions among the American characters), doesn't rise above being a propaganda film.
Disjointed movie. Bad Chinese propaganda linking the 1911 revolution for democracy to the 1949 communist revolution that installed a dictator government. Jackie Chan sold out.
