WHY DID W. FAIL?
More than meets the eye....
Stone Rushed The Film At The Expense of Insight
Josh Brolin's pitch perfect as George W.
Not a Bush bashing film
Macro-accurate
A must see!
3.5 Stars--Very well acted, but the film feels incomplete.
Suprisingly dull
The Life of W
Very Good
W... the movie
Resemblances are uncanny
Behind the scenes and then some.... "W" Rules!!!
worth seeing
Not The Hatchet Job You Were Expecting
solid film, makes you feel sorry for George W. Bush
Fascinating and tragic character study of a non-reflective man
Stone makes good films, truthful or not...
W Redux.....look again!
Josh Brolin Does Great -
From a life of let-downs to a life of Presidency
like it or not, he was our president for 8 years....
In other news, Oliver Stone is still an axe-grinding hack.
Oliver Stone's Best Film In Years
Brilliant Portrayal of The Former Presisdent.
W the movie
W.
W...I.S...G.O.O.D...
It's Better Than What You've Been Led To Believe
Skeptical
Interesting Profile of a President
Brolin scores a bull's-eye
Surprisingly well-balanced, even sympathetic
The Real "W"
W. and The Two Theories.
Unflattering but not Unsympathetic Study of George W. Bush's Slow Rise and Rapid Fall.
Remember Billy Carter?  How about Roger Clinton?
When will it ever end?
Very good movie gets pretty good Blu-Ray
Thoroughly Suprised...
W. Pulled no punches but was sympathetic
W: You Did a Helluva a Job
So-so movie; poor disk
Brilliantly Done!
what happens when a muddle-minded mediocre man becomes president?
Shallow
E for Effort
What is this?Faction? What a mess.
Like a Greek Tragedy.
A realistic portray with wider implications!
What Went Wrong With "W"?
A Project that Misfired
regardless, its an interesting film
Caricatures and cliches
Innacurate
Curve ball for liberals
"Is our children educated or just . . . misunderestimated?"
A Film That Will Gain Respect In Time
Cute parody of a man who may have been a great president
W a disappointment
Disappointing....
A vain little man
Excellent!
The real reason there are so many bad reviews here is. .  .
Too early
how the mighy have fallen......not Bush....Stone.
Worse than expected given the source material
Interesting documentary
Good acting saves this otherwise arrogantly shallow movie
BEST MOVIE OF 2008!
Boring
W = BS
UH NOT EXACTLY SUBTLE, OLIVER
"W" Stands For "Why?"
To understand this movie, you need to understand Oliver Stone
"W." is brilliant!
Am I missing something?? Did the above 2-star reviewers actually see this movie???
If you have no opinions and no brain join the Bush hating Fan Club
W the movie
Unless you like dull movies about bad presidents...
Thinly Disgiused Neo-Con Propaganda
Plain and boring film for a plain and boring man?
Not worth the time......
W. didn't tell us anything we didn't already know.
Waste of my time
stunningly bad
oliver stone's view of the president
'W' as in Weak movie about a Weak man
Please Oliver,  a little honesty would be nice!
SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!
WALKER?  CALIGULA??????????????????????????
typical Oliver Stone
"W" is a sham to Geo. Bush
Gee, Oliver Stone, Do You Think You Could Have Embellished This Film Any More?
Pitiful!!!
W
Stone: 60's stoner liberal with a SNL sense of production/direction
Psychology Rather Than Politics
Far from good
What Place Do You Think He Will Have in History?
Not the movie you'd expect from Oliver Stone...but still a very well-done film
Everybody loves Jeb
The Frat Nazis On Top  ( * * *  1/2 )
A Bit Disappointing
Sub-par at best
A misunderestimated film
Easy transaction...creepy movie.
Recommended Only for Political Junkies Who Like Talking Heads
The Dubya disaster
W. - Blu-ray Info
WARNING!!
Huh?
Some good performances, but horrible!
Unbox not always Reliable
Boring Another Stone Distortion of Histroy
Wendy rates "W"
As if there is not already enough of this crap in the news
Disgusting
One star for the heck of it and to annoy BDS patients
Portrait Of A Bumbler
"Who do you think you are?  A Kennedy?"
Stone proves his irrelevance
George W. Bush: "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me... and won't get fooled again."
Ok
Silly and corny
Not to interesting
Like "The Doors"
Excellent Portrayal
Just How "W." Was No JFK Or Nixon, Neither Is His Oliver Stone Film.
Good potential that goes unrealized
"I'll never get out of Papa's shadow!"
Shrugworthy
"W"orthwhile......grab some pretzels and enjoy!!!!!
Transparently partisan, occasionally entertaining
A 1 Dimensional Man Not Fit for the Presidency
Operates Under The "Bush Is An Idiot" Pretense, But Still A Possible Scenario
Oh puhleeeze, Mr/Ms Amazon Snifter, a second chance! I was duhrunk when I wrote it . . .
A weird journey..
Abysmal movie both directing and content or lack thereof)
Not as Biased As Expected... Not as Great Either
Life of W
Is "W" for WMD or for War?
About as subtle a movie one could ever make about The Decider.
Brilliant depiction of history's most dangerously mediocre man
Pointing at others
Not worth watching unless you were in a coma during the presidency
Stone goes easy...
'W.' Review
Love Nixon, not W.
Presidential portrait of George W. Bush
"I can handle things! I'm smart! Not like everybody says - like dumb!  I'm smart!"
Oedipus Tex
Political Cartoon
Devolves into Caricature
Lukewarm Oliver Stone
The Title Is Pronounced Dubbya -- Yeah, That Guy
Not too bad!
well done for what it was
Just for the history
Fairly Accurate (Albeit Too Cautious) Portrayal of Political Banality & Wickedness of the G.W. Bush/Dick Cheney Administration
Yikes! Actors chosen for their looks... not on acting ability
Some Historical Inaccuracies, But Still, Rather Well Told
W. Worth a look.
W
3.5 stars -- a thoughtful film but frustratingly incomplete
Another average movie from Stone
Where's the hook...?
Good portayal of Bush and ....the administration
It is Just me or did this remind anyone else of Forrest Gump
Interesting biopic
People and fish can coexist!!!
Bush jr according to Stone
Disappointing if only because expectations were so high
Bush + Oliver Stone minus Controversy = ???
Revealing
The Man Who Wasn't There
A closer look at the most hated man in the world...
Stone looks back...and to the Right
could've been better, but more than worth a rental
Josh Brolin got the Oscar nom for the wrong movie
Excellent, and sadly misunderstood
"George, stay out of the barrel.  Just trust me."
Half Clown, Half Crusader
"Fool me once...umm...shame on you...you ain't gonna fool me again"
Excelent
Very Long
What do we know and when did we know it...
New view of Bush
Watched It Twice And Liked It Even Better The Second Time
W
Hands Down, My Favorite Stone Movie!!!!
Amazing film!
Great Movie
Misunderestimated No More
BRILLIANT CHARACTER STUDY OF FATHER AND SON.
Daddy, Please be Proud of Me
A Stone's Throw Above a Three
W.
The Anti-Jeb
