The picture quality is photographic and now I can hear the birds chirping at the start of Commando... bliss! Having to rent these classic movies in VHS format has hindered my full appreciation of their outstanding quality. For those like myself who are too young to have seen them on the big screen, watching Commando is a new and delightful experience. Although I am not a huge fan of violent movies, I can assure you that Commando is one of the best 'comedies' of all time with almost enough memorable quotes to rival Fawlty Towers! Running Man is my favorite of this collection only surpassed by True Lies as my favorite Arnie. And with the inclusion of Predator and Total Recall, none of the titles are 'fillers' (unlike other collections), these are all blockbusters. You'll love Commando for the commedy, Running Man for the action, Total Recall for the sci-fi, and Predator for the adrenaline rush. Other great features include: Dolby Pro-Logic sound for all (Total Recall has Dolby Digital) and both widescreen and normal versions of Total Recall. I had high expectations. I was not dissappointed.
I don't own any of these, although they are all great flicks.  Unfortunately, this collection isn't a great deal compared to buying them  individually. It doesn't offer any substance beyond the individual DVDs,  only the convenience of buying them all at once. <p>My suggestion would be  to mix and match your own Arnie favorites rather than buying this  collection. This collection leaves out the Terminator series, the Conans,  Raw Deal, et al.
action, Action, ACTION, and... Yes, thats right, more hard-hitting action. Arnie really knows what his audience wants. I will now review each film individually.  TOTAL RECALL. With perfect doses of Action, Sci-fi and  Special Effects, this film is a near perfect Action/Sci-fi. Arnie acting is  at its best and the supporting cast (including Sharon Stone and Ronny Cox)  are all very believable. 5 STARS. PREDATOR. Another Perfect Action/Sci-fi  (what would you expect from the director of Die Hard)<p>Everything in it  (the Music, the cast, the sets) all combine to give the film a certain feel  (like in the alien films) The sction and violence comes hard and fast and  the special effects (by the Brilliant Stan Winston) are State-of-the-art. 5  STARS. THE RUNNING MAN. A chilling view of the world to come. Arnold is  back (as he promised to be) and in one of his most violent and exciting  movies. The bad guys are also some of the toughest Arnie has faced,  (Sub-zero and Buzz-saw to name two) and the sets are frighteningly  realistic. Might be a bit rough for some. (as with all of these movies) 5  STARS. COMMANDO. If Rambo had a Daughter, he would be Commando. This has to  have one of the highest body counts of any American Movies. Non-stop Action  and Laughs. (the laughs come from the classic lines Arnie gives, EG. When  he drops a man off a cliff and says &quot;I let him go&quot;.)5 STARS.
