I'm not too sure what all the bad reviews are all about for this film.  After "reviewing" them myself, I'm gathering that most think that this movie isn't quite "up to par" with previous Gadget movies.  However, if you're like us and have only seen this one, then you'll love it!  It's just full of neat surprises and look out for the toddlers in your house - they will just LOVE it.  This is the only full-length movie my little one ever sat through and asked to watch again!  He just loves all the gadgets and silly things the Inspector does and says.  He's seen it so many times now that he can quote it and sing the songs.  French Stewart has a natural aptitude for physical comedy and it really comes through in this movie.  I appreciated seeing him in something besides "Third Rock from the Sun."  This is definitely a little boy movie (toddler age) and older, and fun for girls too (Gadget's niece Penny is there to help solve the case).<br /><br />I wouldn't pass on this one just because of expectations.  Just watch it for what it is - it isn't a movie masterpiece but it wasn't intended for such acclaim.  It was made to just sit back and have fun for an hour or so and that's what it does in a very wonderful, imaginative way.  Highly recommend!
With bold cartoon colors and gadgets and gizmos a plenty, this will keep the kids entertained for hours and hours as they play it over and over again. This time round Inspector Gadget is played by French Stewart - he's just perfect for this role - he's boldly cartoonish and so clumsy you just can't help but love him. His antics and gadget 'glitches' will make you laugh and the special effects really bring it to life. With everything from eye-popping spring loading gadgets to the return of the much loved wise-talking Gadgetmobile.<p>This one is especially for the kids - with a very welcomed 'G' rating - The DVD is packed with extras that even the Mum's and Dad's will enjoy, such as the bloopers and deleted scenes. I've already preorderd one for my niece's  birthday - she's 7 and a big fan of the Inspector Gadget cartoons. - I know this won't disappoint.
Inspector Gadget is bored.  He's been so effective at fighting crime, there's no more crime for him to fight in the city of Riverton.  He's been so effective, that the police department is proud to unleash G2, a new, all robot upgrade in the form of a female detective.  While smitten with love at first sight, Gadget is crushed when G2 is assigned the case of the escaped Dr. Claw.  With Penny's prodding's, he conducts his own investigation, but his glitches keep ruining the day.  Will he keep his job?  Will anyone ever catch Dr. Claw?<p>With all new actors (except D. L. Hughley as the voice of the Gadetmobile), this movie feels completely different from the first live action movie.  On the plus side, they stuck more to the conventions of the cartoon series, such as hiding Dr. Claw's face.  However, this movie doesn't have the humor of the original, relying mostly on slapstick to get laughs.  While it works, adult fans of the original will be disappointed.  The villain's plan is one of the most original means of committing a crime, and I loved watching the results once I finally figured out what they were up to.<p>Kids were obviously the target audience of this film, and they'll love watching Gadget bumble into one mess after another.  Adults will be entertained as well, even if not to the extent that the first film led us to hope for.
I enjoyed Inspector Gadget 2.  I watched the first one with<br />my grandchildren and we got together again for # 2.  It was<br />a fun time for all, as we watched Inspector Gadget try to<br />outshine his new lady love.<br />  Full of great special effects, lots of gadgets and action, this<br />movie held the attention of the children, which is a plus in my<br />book. If you just want to relax, giggle a little, and not have to let our brain work overtime to figure out a movie, this one is<br />for you and your entire family.
I have hit an all-time low.  I have rebooted my film lifestyle.  Prior to watching "Inspector Gadget 2", I was willing and absolutely able to watching anything that came through the system.  I was up for any low-budget feature, no matter what country of origin, I was up for good, the bad, and the ugly, AND I was even up for those direct-to-home features that make nearly every cineophile shudder.  This was my life, up until about a week ago.  I found myself trudging through both "Inspector Gadget" as well as the cartoon voiced by Don Adams, and the direct-to-Disney sequel, "Inspector Gadget 2".  It was after this viewing that I eliminated all the upcoming films in my list, opened a fresh page, and started from scratch.  I am going to begin (after I finish watching "The Longest Yard" remake and original) watching more classic, foreign, and contemporary independent films.  I want to bring the level of control back and impress those with more of a knowledge than whom was a better Inspector Gadget, Mathew Broderick or French Stewart - alas, friends, I do know the answer to that, and I am not proud enough to shout it on the highest mountain.  It is embarrassing that I have to nominate one "Inspector Gadget" film over the other, but a critics work is never done.  I have no favorite when it comes to this franchise, I have no favorite when it comes to stories that completely demolish the structure of the cartoon of which it is based.  In closing, I have no favorite at all when you have two films that are only connected by the titles they share.<br /><br />"Inspector Gadget 2" is possibly one of the worst sequels to dawn the direct-to-DVD call tag at the bottom of the box.  Using nothings from the original film (not the same characters, not the same style, not the same comic timing), this film is one that you have to watch alone, not standing right next to the original Broderick vehicle.  French Stewart (he is always squinting ... why?), with the aid of director Alex Zamm try to bring the original concept back the the series without any known budget.  Stewart brings a new Inspector to the film, a more arrogant, snobbish, seems to be tormented by life, protagonist that cares nothing for those surrounding him.  He is a character that we cannot love, no matter how many times we have to sit through one viewing of this film.  What is interesting about Stewart is that he is actually closer to the the animated Gadget than the original.  Zamm also tries to create a Dr. Claw that is closer to the original - but the trouble occurs with the fact that the two share very little screen time and thus there is no real chemistry between the two.  Claw used to always monitor Gadget's doings, in this one, there seems to be a haphazard care as to what either is doing.  Penny still doesn't have her book and Brain still isn't getting anyone out of trouble.  Where is the consistency here?  Too add to the mix, we are introduced to a new character "G2", the newest upgrade to the Gadget line.  Like anything this riddled with clich&eacute;s, there is an initial problem with the two of them, but eventually a spark misfires and Gadget is introduced to yet another love interest.  Considering the problems anatomically with this couple, there is no further spark between them.  The only reason the two are put in a this film are to be together, not for any other purpose.  There is no sense of individualism, just flimsy cause followed by an effect that could have been predicted before the opening credits ended.<br /><br />"Inspector Gadget 2" has not seen the best reviews, nor will it get a good one from me - it tried, but ultimately it failed.  There was no purpose to create this erroneous sequel.  Disney was hoping to cash in on the Broderick fan base, the younger generation that knows no better , or just to make some extra dollars to pad their bottom line, but there was no reason to resurrect this already problematic series.  I hated Elaine Hendrix's mesh between "Robocop" and "Judge Dredd".  She was funny at parts that were not meant to be funny, and chokingly bad at parts that were meant to draw sympathy from the audience.  Perhaps it was the writing, or the campy way that it was filmed, or the cheesy ploy to get audiences to laugh, but this sequel just left me out to dry.  If I had to speak positively about this film in any way, I would have to comment on the CGI which did improve a bit with this lower-budget film.  I thought the idea of "freezing-time" was a fun concept equal to what Claw would do, but again, we seemed to lack the spunk and originality of the cartoon.  I would never consider this franchise a remake of the cartoon, but instead their own unoriginal spin-off.<br /><br />I blame Disney a bit for this film because cutting corners and cost is not an excuse for making poor films.  If Broderick or even the horrid Everett could not reprise their roles for this sequel, it should have just stopped there.  Don't push a circular peg into a square hole, but instead we continued to push and found cheap replacements for the original.  This is a very kid friendly moment that if I were 3, would probably find visually entertaining, but from a company that prides itself on making Oscar-worthy animation, I expect a higher level of distrobution.  French Stewart should stop working while he still is remembered for his humorous work on "Third Rock from the Sun", while the rest of this cast shouldn't even bother with another feature.  I think it is bad enough that they couldn't even get Cheri Oteri back, cause, you know, she's expensive.<br /><br />Overall, I have to say that "Inspector Gadget 2" is a blunderment of a film, and the one star review that I am giving it is generous.  There is no need for these types of films to enter into mainstream cinema.  It dulls the senses for those hoping to find engrossing cinema out there, and proves that a mind isn't necessary to watch French in action.  As a cinematic community, we have to put a stop to this.  Zamm attempted to retain some of the originality of the cartoon, but couldn't compile a cast good enough to bring the humor, form, grace, and talent of the animated series to light.  There was no chemistry between anyone, and when the clich&eacute;s began to cause a horrid avalanche, I was caught with nowhere to hide.  As I attempt to think of another film that likens to how poor this film was, nothing comes to mind.  So, with that said, I have restarted.  You will see me soon reviewing better films where my mind can be used, instead of trash like this were jell-o sliding on a stick would be more entertaining.  If I had to end with a thought in mind, it would be this - Claw never showed his face, this can be learned from watching the pilot "Inspector Gadget" where he had a mustache, so you shouldn't be able to see his face in the films.  It is simple.  It would be like creating the Smurfs live-action where they were a shade of orange instead of blue.  You just don't do it.  So, when it comes to this film - just don't do it.  You will be happier, and no so bitter like myself.<br /><br />Grade: * out of *****
I saw this for the first time on the weekend, and while it's not really as bad as some would have you believe, it isn't that great, either.<br />To start with, it's hard to equate Matthew Broderick's Gadget, with the character played by French Stewart. Broderick put real life into Gadget, where Stewart played Gadget purely as a 2 dimensional cartoon character for 90% of the movie. The only time he came to life was near to the end, when Claw kidnapped Penny.<br />Just for the record, I thought that was a nice throw-back to the original cartoon. Penny was forever getting caught by MAD agents, though she was usually rescued by Brain, and not Gadget.<br />The emphasis on the glitches in Gadget's circuitry was a little confusing. In the cartoon, the so-called glitches were usually his gadgets doing the thinking for him. The Inspector was such a lame-brain (and I mean that in the fondest way) that he inevitably called on the wrong gadget for whatever situation he was in. So whenever a gadget popped out that was different to the one he called for, you could be fairly sure it was the right one to do the job.<br />In this movie, the glitches were just that - glitches.<br />And then, there's Claw. Rupert Everett did a fantastic job of playing Claw in the first film. It didn't matter that his face wasn't hidden, as was the case in the cartoon. It was pointless that they tried to do that in the second film. Aside from the shockingly awful voice, what they ended up with was an 'evil' version of Wilson from Home Improvement. It was just plain sad, given Everett's deliciously wicked performance in the original.<br />I'm not totally sure what to think of Elaine Hendrix's performance as G2. I suppose it was fine when you consider that she is basically supposed to be an emotionless android who slowly comes alive as the film progresses, but how can you feel anything for a character that is little more than a piece of wood for most of the movie? Like French Stewart's Gadget, she only came alive towards the end of the film, and by then it was too late.<br />There are positives to the movie. Unfortunately, there just aren't enough.<br />One is the fact that Penny is given considerably more importance in this movie. In the first, she was more of a sidekick than anything else, and that rankled the hardcore fans quite a bit.<br />The special effects were okay, but I'm afraid that's all I can say.<br />As an Aussie, it was interesting to see two Aussie actors hamming up the roles of Chief Quimby and the Mayor (Mark Mitchell and Sigrid Thornton, respectively), but even they didn't give the film much of a lift.<br />As another reviewer commented, one blessing was that the voice of the Gadgetmobile was the same. Unfortunately there just aren't enough other redeeming features to save what could have been a wonderful movie.
We watched the first Inspector Gadget movie and were disappointed.  We weren't too sure that we were up for a second helping, but gave it a try.  We were glad we did!  The second movie moves along much quicker, is brighter and funnier.  French Stewart gives Gadget much more heart than the original, and he is more entertaining to watch as he seems to have a natural affinity for physical comedy.  We liked the mysterious Claw - more like the comics.  The computer generated images popping out were great fun and the actors handled them well.  Our kids are 7 and 8 years old and they followed the plot, and the humor, easily and had several laugh-out-loud moments.  The many extras on the DVD provided more loud laughter and even interaction.  This is a great movie for families, or anyone needing a laugh.
this movie stinks i strongly dislike it what makes me wanna hate this movie even more is that french stewart is in it this movie stinks french stewart is one lousy lazy actor this movie stinks do not waste your money on this terrible movie buy something else instead
This (inexplicably) low-budget direct-to-video sequel to "Inspector Gadget" for some is Go-Go-Gadget Fun for the whole family. Unlike "The Lion King II: Simba's Pride" and "Beauty And The Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" (which at least brought back the original actors, but had less-than-impressive storylines), this film for some reason does not feature any of the actors from the first movie (with the exception of D.L. Hughley, who plays the Gadgetmobile) which is a really bad move on the studio's part. Great storyline, but should have brought back Matthew Broderick, Rupert Everett, Michelle Trachtenberg, Joely Fisher (if she didn't want to come back, then kill her off), Dabney Coleman AND D.L. Hughley. I gotta admit though, I loved Elaine Hendrix as Gadget 2. Really solid work. SPOILER ALERT!!! Door is open for a third movie. SPOILER ALERT OVER!!! Next time, do it right, Disney, by bringing back the original actors (and by all means, bring back Elaine Hendrix as well). Rated G.
Inspector Gadget 2 is a Disney direct-to-DVD sequel to the 1999 feature film of the same name and based on the classic 1980's animated cartoon series. French Stewart(3rd Rock from the Sun)steps in for Matthew Broderick as the bumbling cyborg super cop who is teaming up with a female Gadget named G2(Elaine Hendrix) to thwart Dr. Claw and his M.A.D. agents from taking the city of Riverton under siege. D.L. Hughley is hilarious as the voice of the Gadgetmobile and the CGI special effects was cool and enjoyable to watch. The special features includes a behind-the-scenes look of the movie, deleted scenes and bloopers, and trailers of other Disney favorites like George of the Jungle 2 and Atlantis: Milo's Return. Inspector Gadget 2 is one of the best Disney live-action films by far.
I've seen both the first and second Inspector Gadget movies. I was (and still am) a huge fan of the Inspector Gadget cartoon show (one of my all time favorites, actually), so I was really looking forward to when the first one came out. I was sorely disappointed in it. I found this one to be better. Here are some of my reasons:<br /><br />1. My favorite character from the cartoon is Penny. I'm glad to see she got more screen time in this movie than in the first one.<br /><br />2. I found French Stewart's Gadget to be more of a bumbling doofus than Matthew Broderick. Stewart's Gadget, to me, was a lot more like the Gadget in the original cartoon.<br /><br />3. The biggest mistake they made in the first one: Dr. Claw. You are NOT SUPPOSED TO SEE HIS FACE!!!!! Adding an actual claw for a hand is a nice touch, though. Also, in the first one, Rupert Everett was too young to play Claw. I don't know who played him in this one, but the voice was better as well. It was raspier than what Rupert Everett did in the first one.<br /><br />All in all, I felt this movie was more like the cartoon than the first one. I'm not a fan of live action movies based on cartoons, but I found this to be a good remake.
A little known tidbit about the history of Philadelphia: Channel 48, once known under the call letters WKBS, liquidated their assets in 1983 due to increasing problems with their transmitter lease.  The station signed off on August 29 -- but not before going out with a bang.  Using the last of their resources, their final half-hour was used to broadcast the first episode of a never-before-seen cartoon, one that would serve to change, in it's own small way, the cultural landscape of America.<p>That cartoon was Inspector Gadget.  (Incidentally, a Google search of the program's airdates lists the earliest known broadcast of the series as September 5, 1983.  Channel 48 may not have bothered to log it's final program to the FCC -- but trust me, I was there.  They had it first.)<p>The continuing adventures of the bumbling cybernetic detective hold a special place in my heart because of this strange and fateful day.  Channel 48 was a beloved station -- for many of my school years they broadcast Pink Panther for two hours every day(!) as well as such wonderous cult 'toons as Tenessee Tuxedo.  It was a crushing blow to my young heart to bid farewell to that old, treasured friend, but their maverick decision to end with the very first broadcast of Gadget was an fond, fitting tribute.<p>I watched Gadget on Channel 17, who picked it up the following year, religiously.  Often I would rush home from school, determined not to miss the antics of the robotic constable, the case-cracking skills of his behind-the-scenes niece Penny and her dog Brain, and the sinister growl of the menacing Doctor Claw: "I'LL GET YOU NEXT TIME, GADGET!"<p>So it was with a deep and abiding love that, when I spotted this film on the used DVD rack at my local record shop, I gladly forked over the twelve bucks to revisit my childhood one last time.<p>But instead, I ended up feeling like my inner child had been spanked and sent to bed without dinner.  Dear Lord, this movie is terrible.  Really, truly, terrible.  Not a single redeeming quality about it.  French Stewart may be the worst comedic actor known to humanity, accurately desribed by a friend of mine as "Like Kramer from Seinfeld, except not funny" -- I honestly think Carrot Top would have been a better choice, and I HATE Carrot Top.  And though Eliane Hendrix provides that safe Disney level of mildly enticing sex appeal, her patently robotic acting is only barely forgiven by the fact that, well, she's LITERALLY playing a robot.  And that incessantly unfunny car!  Can we please have a modern comedy which doesn't try to infect some form of satirically cliched, urbanized Chris Rock Lite stupidity into it?  Tupac is rolling over in his grave right now!<p>It's terrible.  Disney has once again ruined the beloved characters of literary history, as they did with Hercules, the Hunchback of Notre Dame, and the Little Mermaid.  Maybe I'm reaching a little there by putting Gadget in such notable, royal company, but if in my passion I take such liberties, I beg you all to forgive me my indulgence -- certainly it's not nearly as insulting as the liberty that Eisner and company have taken in turning our favorite stories into Technicolored tripe.
This is even worse then the first. It makes zero sense. The Jokes are even more cornier and cheesier. The acting is really bad as the acting from The Room. French Stewart(Who replaced Matthew Brodrick in this film) is even a worse actor then Matthew. The Plot is is your very cliche "Villain wants revenge" story. The G2 woman is nothing then a female counterpart to our male hero. I will give the movie credit for hiding Dr.Claw's face this time even though it was pointless now that we know what he looks like. I give this film a 1 out of 10.
