What is most intriguing about this film is the contrast between the reaction of the average moviegoer (so mind-numbingly boring that they were barely able to sit through it) and the local intelligentsia ("brilliant", "innovative", one comment compares Lynch to "Bergman, Fellini, and Bunuel" - insert the sound of gagging here).<br /><br />Although these extreme comments are very entertaining they are pretty much useless for anyone thinking about whether to view this film. So what did those with extreme opinions find or fail to find in this film? My guess is that they found about same thing but reacted to it in very opposite ways. The film is a rather obvious dark satire on the hypocrisy of American culture-what lies under the thin veneer of middle class society. So the disparate viewer reactions may just be political. And while an entertaining film with subtle subversive messages can have mass appeal, Blue Velvet is not a particularly entertaining film. Nor is it a particularly subtle film although Lynch does try to keep the viewer confused by suggesting that some of what we are viewing (or have viewed) is a dream and by keeping many details ambiguous (such as just what is Hopper inhaling-helium?).<br /><br />It is not important that we know any of this stuff for sure anyway, as viewers can fill in the missing pieces with whatever fits their personal agenda. This is the same technique that Lynch relies on in "Mulholland Drive". Both films are filled with contrived plot twists, misdirection, and insanely over-the-top characters. You stay with the story to find out how Lynch will manage the seemingly impossible task of pulling all these disparate plot elements together by the end of the film. Of course what seems impossible is impossible, Lynch has to cheat at the end, turning what appeared to be realism into expressionism. Lynch relies on the fact that instead of feeling cheated, a large segment of his audience will instead credit him a degree of vision never seen before in cinema history. Since there is nothing to contradict their interpretation they credit him with the visionary genus to have intentionally placed each element that supports their interpretation in the film.<br /><br />Despite the many negative comments, this cheating does not make "Blue Velvet" a bad film. Indeed Lynch's ability to make something expressionistic look like realism is amazing as long as you credit Lynch with a brilliant technique and not with a brilliant vision. That said there are some basic problems with "Blue Velvet.<br /><br />The first problem is that the underlying depravity in suburban and small town America is very ordinary and unexceptional,  not the imaginative "deep into the recesses of our minds" stuff portrayed in this film. Even less controversial suburban portrayals like "The Graduate" and "American Beauty" feature what would be considered extreme behavior, as the average suburbanite is more mundane and far less adventurous than the protagonists of those films.<br /><br />The second problem is that you have to constantly work at suspending your belief that this is a film. Burning mental energy just trying to stay 'in' the story does not make for a good movie-going experience. Although Dern and Hopper are fine, MacLaughlin and Rossellini are simply awful. So the viewer tends to wonder what is going through Rossellini's (the actress) mind during the filming of each scene and not what was going through her character's mind. And I am writing in terms of cast names and not character names. MacLaughlin seems to be in almost all Lynch's films and his career specialty is sapping the energy from scenes.<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" starts with some great images: ideal suburbia - kids crossing the street, firemen waving as they go down the road on their truck, and a man watering his garden. Then the guy has a stroke and collapses. We are then treated to the best shot of the film: his dog playfully jumping around the squirting hose he continues to hold as a toddler ambles toward him. Then the camera moves down for a macro shot of the insect world in his lawn. This bears an interesting similarity to Blair Treu's 2003 film "Little Secrets", where one of the children runs a business of keeping all the neighborhood secrets in a safe place for a fee. Ostensibly a squeaky-clean family film, "Little Secrets" takes Lynch's basic theme and turns it into a lesson about friendship and trust.<br /><br />"Blue Velvet's" strong point is the cinematography, which is absolutely gorgeous and dreamlike. It's weakness (in addition to those already mentioned) is that its weirdness is positioned midway between 'The Graduate' and 'The Doom Generation'. It somehow manages to be both inaccessible and uninteresting.<br /><br />Suburbia is a place to escape the problems of the world and those who choose to inhabit suburbia do so because they are either afraid of the world or just too lazy to be exceptional; and not because they are the creatively perverse villains of "Blue Velvet".<br /><br />Then again, what do I know?  I'm only a child.
Roger Ebert is one of the greatest movie critics we have today (far superior to Leonard Maltin in every regard). Having said that I would like to disagree with his review of David Lynch's 'Blue Velvet'(a film which evokes some of Ebert's favorite film noirs as well as a sort of detatched German expressionest feel - familiar to those who have seen the films of film-makers like Herzog. One thing I really like is the deliberate symbolic nature of the movie (it almost is a parady of itself at times - the darkness underneath all things - the ants that are crawling beneath the soil. I also like Lynch's choice of actors the naive Laura Dern and Kyle Michlouglin and how they are drawn to the dark sides of things - which encompass both the likes of the Isabella Rosellini character (who also is kind of innocent in a twisted way) and Frank (Dennis Hopper) the very depiction of evil.<br /><br />Though I can identify with Ebert just not liking the film (I detest everything Tarantino has done) - I personally find this film to be very meaningful - and in a way funny.<br /><br />Lynch is possibly the only American film maker (right now) that I truly admire - he completely opens himself up in his films - truly uncompromising.
Upon returning to his seemingly quiet and peaceful hometown of Lumberton Jeffrey Beaumont learns in a rather painful sort of way that Lumberton isn't so swell after all. Meet Frank Booth, played by Dennis Hopper. It is Hopper's character that makes the entire movie. And without giving too much away, Frank is not exactly an outstanding member of the Lumberton community and his actions will certainly gain the viewer's strict attention. Booth and Beaumont together have an unhealthy fascination with lounge singer Dorothy Vallens, played by Isabella Rossellini. In addition to its graphic imagery, the movie's dialogue is phenomenal and even worth mentioning in social gatherings. Even if you, the reader, are not as taken away by David Lynch films (as I am) at least watch 'Blue Velvet' for the interaction and dialogue between Jeffrey and the various elements of the Frank Booth crime syndicate - "What's your name neighbor?" And please, pay attention to Paul (played by Jack Nance) as well as the lady dancing on the roof of the car to Roy Orbison's 'In Dreams' as Jeffrey receives the beating of a lifetime.
Often the special editions of dvds aren't worth the extra cash, but this one is! The extras are really fascinating and this edition in particular contains some really neat easter eggs.
Yes, I was a little disapointed that the deleted scenes were just filmographed stills to creepy music, but it seems insignificant when compared to what else this DVD offers.  Like a feature length documentary on this artistic but unpretentious, outworldy sick and strange but jovial guy and his best movie to date.  It's also funny to watch Ebert berate the movie while totally missing the point of the film, complaining about the violent sex scenes and disregarding the better, more significant aspects of the film.  For those who think Lynch's movies are a bit esoteric and experimental for your tastes, this is probably the most grounded with the most coherent style.  It's like they took an Ed Wood film and crossbred it elements of Salvador Dali and William S. Burroughs.  It's a lot more cohesive than Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive, but doesn't totally sap Lynch's style like Dune.  It's absurdly mysterious, disturbing, and gut wrenchingly hilarious all at the same time.  Definitely worth every penny.
Funny, dark, and disturbing, this film is actually an adult fable masquerading as an avant garde art-house film. The film's protagonist, played by Kyle MacLachlan, encounters not only the darkness lying beneath  the facade of his small town, but also within himself.<p>Beautifully shot  and choreographed, the film will astound and amaze. Although it's one of my  favorite films, it is by no means for everyone -- graphic scenes of  sexuality and violence abound.<p>Isabella Rosellini and Dennis Hopper are  wonderfully cast and Laura Dern plays her role to perfection. Blue Velvet  is probably one of the most unique films you'll ever see.
blue velvet is a cinematic masterpiece almost without peer.  david lynch has taken a small safe town from americas suburbs and has turned it into a festering hole for evil and all of its henchman.  he explores the duality  of man and woman using some of the most perfectly portrayed characters ever  created.  david lynch dares the viewer to hang in there and think for  themselves.  besides all of the above mentioned blue velvet has all of the  cream of the crop, much repeated, and criminally hard to forget lines ever  written.  these lines are also delivered by the best actors and actresses,  and for this blue velvet deserves to be seen over and over scene by scene  forever.
Viewed: 4/08, 5/11<br />Rate: 10<br /><br />4/08: Feelings for Blue Velvet have been highs and lows for me. Whilst I don't think the movie is that great, Blue Velvet does have some good aspects about it. For one, David Lynch's direction shows some technical excellence. The feel is film noirish but not sustained well throughout the film. Dennis Hopper didn't get enough screen time to have allowance for his character to develop more, thus showing his true sinister ways. His character is really good, and to be frank, had he been better developed, his villainous performance would have been legendary. Kyle MacLachlan isn't so bad in Blue Velvet, and Laura Dern looks extremely flat in her performance at times. But it is Isabella Rossellini who steals the film for her wonderful seducing portrayal as a mentally disturbed, sexually abused character. Blue Velvet is a bit of a cross between Body Double and The Crying Game. What I am disappointed about Blue Velvet is the constant intermittence of slow and fast pacing. David Lynch seems to be more interested in involving pointless thought shots, but he should have kept his camera focused on the story because that's where the meat of the film is. Blue Velvet is no doubt a bizarre film, but too bad that is not good enough for me because this is the kind of a film that should been a masterpiece and the only way to get it done is to be deep itself. Overall, the performances are good, the story is captivating, and the mood is engaging, but Blue Velvet suffers for incomplete direction, missed significant character development, and off-the-point shots. In other words, a remake of Blue Velvet would be a good idea only if in the hands of the right director. I actually think that Blue Velvet is a good starting point for David Lynch because he showed a lot of improvements in Mulholland Drive.<br /><br />5/11: I feel better with Blue Velvet this time and consider it a masterpiece. It is as surreal as it gets. More aptly, it is as David Lynch as it gets. Starting off, the audience will see the everyday town of Americana spirit. Within it, as Lynch slowly transitions, is a dark, seedy subculture that involves drugs, killing, sadistic methods, and rough attitudes. Frank Booth pretty much epitomizes all of that. Then, there are Jeffrey Beaumont and Sandy Williams' innocence ready to be sullied by the madness of the situation. The convergence makes it fascinating to watch. It is dreamy and idyllic yet dark and sinister. The way that Jeffrey did his detective work fully reminds me of a film called Body Double which was inspired by another film Rear Window. The final 20 minutes is as shocking as it gets, and that's the genius of David Lynch. Also, the brilliance is the casting per se, especially Isabella Rossellini, who steals the film. All in all, Blue Velvet is an incredible picture to watch.
I've tried to describe some of the sections of this movie to people who have never seen it, and they just don't get it.  The character Frank, is truly frightening and disturbing.  The singing session in Frank's friend's apartment messes with your mind in an almost Fellini sort of way.  This is a movie which stays with you in so many ways and this edition is an amazing quality difference from what I've seen before.
I had first seen Blue Velvet in the theater when it first came out. I was confused, disturbed and, yet, inexplicably mesmerized by it. There was nothing around like it. Nowadays, film-makers try to challenge us with "innovative" cuts, digital manipulation, gratuitous sex and over-the-top characterizations.<br /><br />What makes Blue Velvet still worth viewing (for those who can stomach it) is its very "conventional" film technique and character/plot development which still manages to produce a disturbing and inexplicably mesmerizing experience. I'm less confused now but much more appreciative of David Lynch's film-making. It's all pretty tightly done. Once you get through Dennis Hopper's unforgettable portrayal of a Frank Booth -- realistic and demonic -- you'll wonder why he does those bland commercials now.
Many people praise films becuase of the impact it has had on their emotions. Many also praise films because of the true meaning that underlies the imagery. Blue Velvet has made a busy man like myself sit and take the time to write a review. This film will open your eyes, change your perspective, and re-evaluate the things you take for granted everyday. I bought this David Lynch tour-de-force on a whim - I had been a fan of Eraserhead for a very long time and this masterpiece completely devoured me from the opening score. The imagery will literally rip your eyes open as the darkly melodic themes float around your visual shock.<br />  First off, kudos to Dennis Hopper on portraying one of the most mind-blowing villians that I have had the pleasure of viewing- Frank Booth. From his shock-inspiring first appearance to his final demise he portrays what truely evil people fight with the most-themselves. His self-doubt is evident throughout the film and his choice of cover is a ruthlessness not seen since my first viewing of Max Cady in Cape Fear. From the way his face contorts when inhaling though his mask to his unstable, rage-driven personality, it is a performance like no other i have ever seen.<br />  Speaking of great performances in this film, I cannot help but include my favorite seven minutes of the entire movie, led by none other than the great Dean Stockwell. His portrayal of "Suave Ben", Frank's pansexual partner in crime, will haunt your mind for days. I could not believe how disturbing his character was. The man that i had watched in so many Quantum Leap episodes literally blew me away with such a bizarre and terrific semi-cameo appearance. Watch how him and Frank interact in that short sequence- it is blatantly obvious that Frank looks up to Ben and we are only left with our ideas as to what kind of person Frank would admire. Chilling, indeed.<br />  In closing, Blue Velvet will give you an entirely different feeling the next time you listen to Bobby Vinton's song of the same name.<br /><br />PS- As I had mentioned Eraserhead before, watch for Jack Nance's fiendish little role as Paul, one of Frank's thugs.
*Blue Velvet* is an American underground classic, which was made in 1986 by a surrealist director David Lynch. One can admire it or denounce as a perverse *theater of cruelty*. The film is all about juxtaposed opposites. For starters, it features a music score based on the music of the Russian classical composer Dmitri Shostakovich, juxtaposed against American rock-and-roller Roy Orbison, which is a unique combination.<br /><br />The main character of the movie - Jeffrey Beaumont - moves between two incompatible worlds: on the one side, the adolescent world of small town USA in the 50s with its high school and drugstore culture; and a violent, sex-crazed world of drugs, dementia and sexual perversion on the other.<br /><br />Incidentally, David Lynch is very much admired in Europe. In fact, most of his movies have been financed by the French.  I think the French admire Lynch because of his usage of double-layers of meaning in his cinematic language and use of Freudian themes. For example, in the movie the *yellow man* - one of the characters is identified through the yellow suite he wears - a yellow-jacket is a type of wasp, which is on WASP -white Anglo-Saxon Protestants. There is a Freudian theme, of course - the triangle between Dorothy Vallens (played by Ingrid Bergman's daughter Isabella Rossellini), Jeffrey Beaumont and Frank (played by Dennis Hopper) is an *Oedipal* (mother-father-son) triangle.<br /><br />In one of the central scenes the hero -Jeffrey - watches through a fissure in the closet door the sadomasochistic sexual play between Isabella Rossellini and Dennis Hopper, games in which Hopper relates to Rossellini alternatively as his mother and his daughter. As Slavoj Zizek has pointed out in one of his books, this is the pure *original fantasy* or the fantasy of origins. He notes that the game is the *subject* of the topic, the content of the fantasy, whereas its object is the hero himself reduced to the presence of a pure gaze. The basic paradox of the fantasy consist in this (nonsensical) temporal short circuit where the subject (as pure gaze) precedes itself and whiteness its own origin. I highly recommend this film for everybody interested in psychoanalyses and non-traditional Hollywood cinema.
Blue Velvet is not David Lynch's signature film; his signature film is Mulholland Drive. In descending order, my favorite Lynch films are Mulholland Drive, Lost Highway, The Elephant Man,Blue Velvet, Twin Peaks: fire walk with me, Wild at Heart, Eraser Head, and Inland Empire.  Of his films, Blue Velvet and The Elephant Man have had the most access into the mainstream. Blue velvet lacks the hallucinatory structure of Mulholland Drive, Twin Peaks, or Inland Empire<br /><br />What makes Blue Velvet striking are the film's central characters--the setting's soft, virgin, and bright middle-class neighborhood juxtaposed against the hot, vulgar, and explosive psychopath named Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper). There is violence in Blue Velvet, but the film's violence is logical to the circumstances of the film's plot. In this sense, Blue Velvet reminds me of Cronenberg's History Of Violence: both directors--Lynch and Cronenberg-- are known for drowning their storylines in surreal--and often perverse--allegories. However, Blue Velvet--and History of Violence--is surprisingly conventional for Lynch.<br /><br />For anyone who hasn't seen a Lynch film, Blue Velvet or The Elephant Man are good primer films. I can't recommend any of his other  films  to the uninitiated, especially to  someone who isn't into art films.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0982230702">BONDAGE AND DISCIPLINE, SADISM AND MASOCHISM: Zack's Odyssey Part 1</a>
I had never heard of this movie until I was watching a TV show that was describing the 10 best crime movies.  I ordered it new and was pleased with the movie and the prompt delivery from Amazon.
After his father has a stroke, clean-cut college student Jeffery Beaumont (Kyle McLaughlin) returns home to help out in his father's hardware store. While walking in a field one day, he discovers a severed ear which leads him and girlfriend, policeman's daughter, Sandy Williams (Laura Dern), on a Hardy Boys-esque investigation that takes them to the dark underbelly of their perfect American small town existence.<br /><br />Imagine a 1930's film noir with sex and drugs, and the Hardy Boys as detectives, and you've got a pretty good idea of what this film is about. "Blue Velvet" takes standard crime film elements that you have seen dozens of times before and combines them into one of the most original films you have ever seen in your life. The central theme of this film is the battle between all that is wholesome, or good and that which is corrupt, or evil. The side of good is represented by Jeffery Beaumont, sort of a real-world Frank Hardy and a forerunner to McLaughlin's "Twin Peaks" character, Dale Cooper. Between Jeffery Beaumont and Dale Cooper, to me, McLaughlin is the face of innocence and this film is all about the loss of that innocence and its redemption. On the side of evil is drug-addicted, expletive-spewing Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper), truly the most frightening and disturbing villain ever.<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" is a very nasty, in-your-face movie that is most certainly not for all tastes (I read on the internet that many people walked out when this film was first shown in cinemas and I can see why). It is also a very weird film (although, by the standards set by David Lynch's other movies, this film is positively normal) and many scenes in it are designed to be endured rather than enjoyed. Yet, unlike many other similarly dark films, I didn't come out of this film feeling dirty (something that I felt after seeing "Sin City"). I felt that, just like Jeffery Beaumont, I had journeyed to the underworld but had returned, and in the course of that return, any evil that I had encountered had been washed away. For this reason, if you do see this film, I recommend that you stay with it until the end. The middle might be bad, but in the end, all is restored.
Blue Velvet is a masterpiece of modern cinema and neo-noir.  It is veiled in mysteries that I still have not cracked after 8+ viewings.  It is simply one of my favorite films.<br />  Blue Velvet is a particularly well acted film, especially for an early David Lynch film (no offence David).  Dennis Hopper is incredible.  His role as Frank Booth has been ranked as one of the best villains in cinema history.  Isabella Rossellini also did a miraculous job as Dorothy Vallens.  Her portrayal, which even Roger Ebert found impressive, is sometimes heartbreaking and sometimes heartwarming, which is quite an amazing thing to accomplish in her first film role ever.<br />  While Blue Velvet is one of David Lynch's more "conventional" films, it still holds that mysterious aspect that David is so great at creating.  It contains little details that allow you to discover more with each viewing (SPOILERS*** such as: when Jeffery finds the ear in the beginning of the film, the camera zooms into the ear canal.  In the final scenes of the films, after Frank's dead and all is well, the camera zooms out of Jeffery's ear canal. Wow.)<br />  Blue Velvet is also loaded with clever symbolism and imagery that keeps you astounded every time you see it.  The blue lighting, the picket fence and flowers, the well-dressed man disguise, the kink in the hoes during Jeffery's father's stroke are all examples of the amazing imagery found in Blue Velvet.<br />  This DVD version of Blue Velvet does a fine job with the transfer, nothing that shouldn't be there.  The DVD itself is not loaded with features, but I particularly found the missing scene montage a great addition.  These scenes are still missing to this day and somehow they managed to find still frames from some of these scenes.  There is also an easter egg hidden in the DVD, but t is pretty pointless.<br />  Overall, this is a great film and a good DVD.  If you are looking to replace a VHS copy, go for it because this is worth it.  If you have never seen it, do so as soon as possible.  You should not be disappointed.
Going into it, the less hype you hear, good or bad, the better. You hear all these things about "it" and when you actually watch "it" for the first time, all that profound analysis or whatever the kids are calling it nowadays can be not unlike a rowdy theater, full of a motely crew of chattering chatter boxes, all making their own shadow puppets on the screen and all in the discomfort of you're already crowded head device mark 12. This means this, that means that, this is wrong, thats right, Colonel Muster with the candle stick... aye yai yai, calgon take me away. Thankfully I saw this movie before I heard to much about it, or even Lynch himself for that matter (whom many seem to see as some kind of fly by night charlatan for some utterly creepy reason, I figure it's sexual jealousy). All I had was five bucks in my pocket, a blockbuster card, brutal loneliness and a heart full of napalm. It was like some bizzare friend I'd been waiting for without even knowing I was waiting, that was equally adept at making me laugh as making me cry, and in that, I am truly in debt to it in some zany, cooky kind of way. I can say without risk of hyperbole it was one of the most satisfying and powerful cinematic experiences I've had since I was a child (these results are not typical, no refunds.) It seems unfair that the only thing I can give back for that experience is mere praise (we'll try to work on that.)<br /><br />If you have yet to watch it, stop reading all the reviews right now and see it for yourself. You may love it, you may hate it, you may have cheap sex with it and not call it the next day, but it's a swell enough movie to where those are largely the only choices you'll have, he said somewhat cautiously. True, there have been some wonderful and thought provoking things said about this film, in it's praise and in it's opposite, but they're not worth you're dime till you've seen it for you're self and have drawn you're own conclusions, and maybe not even then. For me, the film largely stops when the end credits run, and I don't need anybody telling me why I should like it or despise it, for I have seen the mountian, and it is good.<br /><br />Many intellectual types (possibly qualified as hard nosed intellectual elitists, who, like red necks, despise what they can't understand.) can't stand Lynch because they have a hard time making heads or tails of his work, but oh the folly, if only they would sit back and allow themselves to feel the film, instead of trying to figure it out as if it is was as simple as some mathematical problem. They listen but they do not hear, eat but do not taste, shift but do no shimmy, etc. etc., blah, blah, blah. I don't care if it's all a gimmick or a bowl of broccoli, it's worth something to me.<br /><br />In summary, I liked it very much, I'm glad it was made instead of not, and if you're cool, you'll like it too.<br /><br />Viva La Blue Velvet and all it's mutant children.
As a longtime fan of Lynch's work (notably Twin Peaks), I can easily say this is not only my favorite, but probably Lynch's best and most important. It is an American classic not in the usual sense of the word. It takes the cliched stereotypical setting of small town America and does what other similar films have repeatedly failed to do: iluminate the darkness there that lies within not behind those town's drawn curtains, but also within all of us, our motives laid bare.<br /><br />This is a dark, upsetting, graphic and disturbing film. The plot is deceptively, simple however. Amidst patrotic images of waving firemen and cheery local lumberjacks, as well as colorful hardware store employees, college student Jeffrey Beaumont returns from college to his hometown of Lumberton, North Carolina (which is every bit as weird in real life as it is portrayed on film, haha, I grew up not too far away) when his father falls ill of stroke. There he discovers a severed human ear in a vacant lot, and with the help of lovely Laura Dern (in an amusingly fifties-type style of dress), tracks that ear to the gloomy Lincoln Street apartment of soul singer Dorothy Vallens. Vallens is being repeatedly sexually abused by her husband and young child's ransomer, Frank Booth, a nitrus oxide addict with a penchant for sudden and unpredictable violence.<br /><br />I won't explain the plot further beyond this point, instead I'll leave the films various subplots and subtexts for your approval. The performances themselves in this film are what make the movie. I do not agree with the other reviewer referring to Kyle Maclachlan as wooden. I find him to be a fine actor, perfectly suited to the naive Jeffrey Beaumont, whose innocence in shattered within the frame of this fine film. Laura Dern is pleasantly supportive as Jeffrey's love interest. But it is Rosselinni and Hopper who shine here. The former gives a perfect portrait of how deeply the effects of repeated sexual violence have affected her mental state. Hopper is in his finest, most troubling performance here, truly made for the role of frightening criminal Frank Booth, a nightmare creature made more horrifying by the fact that there are surely numerous men and women out there just like him. Also notable, Dean Stockwell plays a fine supportive role here as the lounge-crooning Ben, friend of our movie's villain.<br /><br />The sex is not graphic in this film; however the violence towards the end of the movie is both realistic and unsettling. I can deal with much film gore but there is something about the last 20 minutes or so of this film that haunts me morally. Perhaps Lynch's surreal directing made it all the more disorienting. In any event, this is a fine film, very important to the history of modern American cinema, and deserving of Oscars it never won. :( Five stars all the way, highly recommended. You won't be disappointed. But remember, there's a little Frank Booth in all of us.
That line of dialogue from David Lynch's unquestioned masterpiece BLUE VELVET describes Lynch's film universe perfectly.  With the new SPECIAL EDITION dvd out we truly get a glimpse inside the making of a great film and how it can immediately be misunderstood by someone like Roger Ebert.  The behind the scenes documentary is great with interviews from many of the film participants.  To enter the world of David Lynch is to cross into an unknown vortex of subconscious desires, fears, and dreams.  The film brilliantly shows us the illusion of the perfect smalltown life vs. the city underworld right next door.  The images stay with you long after the movie is over.  Dennis Hopper is absolutely perfect in a harrowing, funny, and brutal psychopath filled with self loathing and anger.  I just saw a revival showing at a theater in Los Angeles and I highly recommend to anyone to see it in a theater if possible.  On the big screen the movie envelops you into its world from which there is no escape.  BLUE VELVET is definitely not for everyone, and that's ok.  Lynch wasn't trying to make a film for the masses, but rather as a complete personal expression in the movie art form.
I'll be brief...I am a big David Lynch fan, and when he's good it's mesmerizing, whilst when he's not so good, it's still worth a look. &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; is an exotic, aquired taste, but quintessential  Lynch. This MGM DVD looks stunning, and after years of pan and scan VHS  murk, the widescreen presentation is pristine. Watch it and see how much of  the director's visual world we have been  missing all this time. The  surround sound mix is very spacious,and atmospheric. However, the  &quot;collectible booklet&quot; is a farce....a sheet of paper folded in  half, with some boilerplate cast info does NOT qualify as a prized extra.  This disc is worth having because the film looks and sounds better than any  previous version for home viewing.
This is the movie that got me hooked on David Lynch's movies. Its a film about the seedier side of suburban life that lives just below the surface of what and who we see every day, however, being a Lynch movie it takes  this synopsis to new and freaky heights. The movie begins with Maclachlan  finding a severed ear. Eventually leading him to the apartment of  Rossellini, where he witnesses a bizarre sexual triste between Rossellini  and Hopper. I'm not going to say any more about the plot, but trust me it  gets better. Anyway, I thought Hopper was at his coolest as a sexual  psychotic, really mean and paranoid. I highly recommend this Lynchian  masterpiece, which is one of his finest works, (plus the storyline is easy  to follow, unlike some of his movies)
"Blue Velvet" is one of the most intense flicks from our generation. Director David Lynch takes the pathetically naive and innocent and blends it with the completely demented and bizarre to create, in my opinion, the ultimate in modern-day film noir. Check this out: Frank Booth (Hopper) is a demented, drug-dealing, gender-confused kidnapper (with an oedipus complex) that has good connections. He takes Rosselini's husband and son and kidnaps them in exchange for .... favours...His bizarro posse includes Jack Nance (R.I.P.) as Bob, and Dean Stockwell as the ultra-suave Ben. MacLachlan is the curious & naive "young adult" that becomes curious on what gives when he finds an ear in the grass (sounds strange?). He manages to hook up with the investigating cop's daughter (Laura Dern) and begins a psychological menage a trois balancing good & evil! Lynch peaked with this film. Everyone who has a taste for the strange should own this!
a true American Classic-I eagerly anticipated the release of this DVD, the transfer is stunning, colors are lush and accurate, the sound is great.  My only criticism is the lack of English subtitles-only French and Spanish  subtitles are provided...at least you get the original theatrical  trailer...
There really isn't anything more to say about this film that hasn't already been said, so I'll limit my comments to the quality of the DVD itself. First, I never saw this in theatrical release, so seeing it on DVD  in its original aspect ratio of 2.35:1 was almost like seeing it for the  first time...almost. The transfer is excellent and the sound is more than  adequate, considering they didn't go back and remix it for 5.1 surround.  You won't find any &quot;goodies&quot; on this disc (unless you consider  the theatrical trailer a goodie) like director commentary or deleted  scenes, but it's not like Lynch to reflect upon past work, so that's no  surprise. If you've never seen this film, this is the way to see it. And  you will either love it or hate it. For every 5 star review, you can easily  find a 1 star review (you won't find many 3 star reviews of this film). If  you've only seen it on VHS, like I have, you're in for a treat; the  widescreen presentation here only enhances the film's already hypnotic and  disturbing quality, so what more can you ask for? I can only hope the DVD  release of &quot;Wild at Heart&quot; isn't far behind.
I'm just curious as to why people keep referring to this movie as &quot;disturbing&quot; and &quot;dark&quot;..it really wasn't.It wasn't graphic or gory or anything..I watched this movie last nite with the expectations that it was going to be incredibly weird and freaky and thought provoking..well it really wasn't-it pretty much just had a basic murder mystery plot..I'm not saying it was a bad movie,it wasn't really and I liked the way music played a big role in the film,I just honestly don't understand what the big deal surrounding this movie is.
Sixteen years on, it's curious to look back at the cultural firestorm sparked by David Lynch's "Blue Velvet." While this seminal work of American surrealism hasn't lost its ability to disorient and unsettle, it is nonetheless a film that wouldn't seem too out of place these days as an HBO original. Lynch oversaw a new transfer of "Blue Velvet" for this MGM special-edition DVD. Butchered by pan-and-scan in most of its video incarnations, the film is presented in dramatic anamorphic widescreen. Lynch's artistic images are markedly enhanced by their journey through the digital domain. Some of the upgrades are on display right away: the title images of blue velvet and the color-saturated opening shot of roses against a white fence. These visuals are tough to top, but overall the movie looks great and sounds OK. The lengthy "Mysteries of Love" documentary, by making-of specialist Jeffrey Schwarz, interviews the stars and key crew members. The creator of "Eraserhead," and "Mulholland Drive" is actually a "boy scout," they say, who uses expressions like "peachy keen" and takes meetings over shakes at Bob's Big Boy. But then there are those weekend photo projects with dead chickens. ... Those interviews are current, but Lynch isn't talking so the docu utilizes grainy 1987 footage of him talking with reporters but no new shots of the press-shy director. Lynch's low-light segments look like clips from a dated crime docu, giving the enterprise a dash of oddness that he probably appreciates. A must for fans of this peculiar film, including those who own the earlier widescreen DVD.
The one thing that many people don't realize about this movie is that is essentially a retelling of the movie Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1941). Key clues: Isabella Roselini is the daughter of Ingrid Bergman who plays  essentially the same role in Dr. J. Dennis Hopper is Mr Hyde, and Kyle  Machlachlan is Dr. Jekyll. Both films deal with evil as it is manifested in  male sexual aggression. Dennis Hopper and Machlachlan are two sides of the  same man. There are many other similarities and parallels, just watch Dr. J  and find out for yourself (I don't have time to go over all the ones I've  noticed). The subtext adds another dimension to this already great film.
The movie was what I expected. I needed to watch it for class, but I'm never wasting my money on Amazon Video again. It froze three or four times through the movie, and the quality of the video was really bad.
Very good film. Definitely enjoyed. It seems to be a good entrypoint for David Lynch noobies, as it the most normal film of his career (besides The Straight Story.), but still retains some disturbingly surreal scenes (like the intro, or Frank.) Would reccomend.
The Blu-Ray of Blue Velvet is a welcome contribution to cinephile experience.  And the film is still strking and brilliant, funny and scary.  Loved seeing it in HD.
David Lynch's 1986 crime-based mystery, "Blue Velvet", is a film that manages to still hold up in this day and age by being cast against the norm and using elements of surrealism as well as film noir.<br /><br />The story told throughout focuses on a discovery made by college student Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle MacLachlan) after visiting his father in the hospital, and when he finds a severed ear on his way home, things are not the same. With the help from a detective's daughter, Sandy Williams (Laura Dern), they manage to try to solve this mystery as much as they can, going as far as breaking and entering in singer Dorothy Vallens' (Isabella Rossellini) apartment complex. I won't go into further detail about the plot, and even if I did manage to spoil it, I still recommend you watch this film.<br /><br />The acting is completely top notch here: everybody from the underrated MacLachlan to a completely demented sadomasochistic Dennis Hopper is guaranteed to bring on an unforgettable performance (especially Hopper). The use of symbolism will bring questions to the mind, even after viewing the film. The talents of David Lynch aren't easy for everyone to understand, but this is possibly one of his more accessible films, and a highly recommended starting point for newcomers to Lynch's style.<br /><br />Blue Velvet is definitely one of the best films to come out during the 1980's, if not all time. It is a highly demented yet quite beautiful experience that will amaze those that are in for something different.
This is Lynch at his most classic and refined at the same time.  Though signs of Lynch's obsession to be weird are ever present, the story is layered and deeply symbolic.  This VHS recording means even more to me as it broke the night I lost my virginity, but that's another story.
This has always been a unique crime movie, like no story I have seen before or since. In numerous ways, yes, it's a sick film...but utterly fascinating, even after a handful of viewings. It's a certainly a trademark of director David Lynch with its bizarre story and twists and strange characters. You can bet I'll re-purchase this again when it comes out on Blu-Ray (hopefully).<br /><br />This movie has one of the most evil characters ever put on screen: "Frank Booth," played by Dennis Hopper. The latter is known for playing psychotic killers and this role tops them all. Hopper was never sicker. Almost as bizarre as him is the female victim in here, "Dorothy Vallens," played a mysterious Isabella Rossellini.<br /><br />Kyle MacLaclan is good as the nosy late-teen who just has to find out what is going on in Dorothy's apartment while girlfriend Laura Dern gets caught up in his curiosity.<br /><br />In a movie that features strange characters, the strangest scene of them - and there are a number - is in Booth's apartment with Dean Stockwell and his friends. Stockwell's lip-synching to an old Roy Orbison song is really freaky. Make no mistake, though: as bizarre as this film can get, it's mostly a very suspenseful crime story that can get uncomfortable (but mesmerizing) to watch at times. The language in this film was surprisingly tame.....until Hopper enters the scene. He's about the only character who uses profanity but he makes up for the others by using the f-word in about every sentence. He is so over-the-top, though, that after the initial shock seeing this movie once or twice, I now almost laugh out loud at him and way he acts.<br /><br />Visually and audibly, this is another interesting Lynch movie with superb colors, creepy camera angles and a diverse soundtrack. You hear everything from lush classical music to old rock 'n roll songs, and a bunch of bizarre noises (sound effects).<br /><br />Now, just bring on the Blu-Ray edition, please.
Let it be known that David Lynch has a very unique style; a style that is a very acquired taste.  You either love him or you hate him; there is rarely an in-between.  I personally love his work (most of it), which is what saddens me a bit about `Blue Velvet'.  This is one of those films that is lauded above all his other work as being the best of the best, but it struck me a little cold.  The script is flawless (I love the ambiguities that lie within Lynch's work) and the direction, pace and mood acquired is effortlessly captivating, but the film falls short in a very central area; the acting.<br /><br />Don't pelt me with stones just yet.<br /><br />The film revolves around Jeffrey Beaumont, a young man who returns to his hometown after his father falls ill suddenly.  Upon his return he finds a severed ear in a field and his journey then begins.  With local high school girl Sandy (whose father happens to be the Detective Jeffrey shows the ear to) Jeffrey decides to try and uncover the mystery behind the ear, and this attempt brings him into the lives of quite a few interesting people.  First there is Dorothy Vallens, a beautiful woman who is victim to a strange and violent man named Frank Booth; and sliding into their lives, Jeffrey finds himself in desperate need for help as he watches his life slide further and further towards its end.<br /><br />Lynch, like I mentioned, has a unique style of direction.  If you are familiar with `Eraserhead' or `Mulholland Drive' then you already know how this film is going to progress.  He allows the scenes to move at their own pace, manipulating them just slightly.  This may come off to some as dry or even stale, but this is Lynch's way of using everything at his disposal to create a mood, an air within each scene.<br /><br />I have no problem with this.<br /><br />The script is also brilliantly done.  The slow progression of junior detective is effective and consuming as we anticipate how things are going to turn out for Jeffrey.  We are interested in his relationship with Dorothy, and especially Sandy.  We want to know how these two women are going to affect the outcome of his life, and we are terrified at the revelations about to be revealed by the repulsive Frank Booth.<br /><br />I adore these aspects of the film.<br /><br />Like I mentioned, the only fault I have with `Blue Velvet' is the acting, and not as a whole but in parts.  I'll start with the good.  Isabella Rossellini is a stunning woman who really uses everything within her to create a woman of believable desperation.  She is conflicted in every scene, and this is scene marvelously.  We can see each fragment of her dissention into chaos.  Laura Dern is even more splendid.  She delivers such a richly honest performance as young Sandy, fascinated by each new discovery, no matter how terrifying it winds up being for her.  But as great as these two actresses are, the film starts to crumble when left up to the men.  Dennis Hopper (who actually received praise for his performance) is just one gigantic gimmick.  He never really transcends his characters stereotypes.  He's a crazy psychopath, nothing more.  He delivered (the same year) a wonderfully controlled performance in `Hoosiers' that I am disappointed he wasn't able to control this a little more.  That said, he is still much more interesting than Kyle MacLachlan who may very well be the most boring actor since Keanu Reeves.  I just really wish that someone, anyone else would have landed this role.  MacLachlan just killed the high the film as a whole effectively sets.<br /><br />All this said, I am fond of this film.  It has so much going for it, and Lynch is just such a unique and original director who always stays true to himself.  There are very few films like this one, and the ones that come close are also directed by Lynch.  This is not a film for everyone, but if you are a fan of Lynch then this is a film you are bound to enjoy.
"Blue Velvet" is a take on film noir with typical Lynch weirdness, unique atmosphere and breathtaking cinematic work. Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle MacLachlan) comes home from college to visit his sick and bed-ridden father who had a tragic accident. Having made a startling discovery (to be more exact, a human ear lying in the grass), out of sheer boredom and driven by passion for adventure Jeffrey decides to proceed with this mystery and gets involved with a night-club singer Dorothy Vallens (Isabella Rossellini) living in a shabby apartment building, which is somewhat incongruous to the sleepy suburban paradise of Lumberton.<br /><br />Dorothy, a queer mixture, of "damsel in distress" and "femme fatale", is in a middle of a life and death situation involving her husband and son. She is subjected to sexual abuse and other forms of violence by a psychopathic man named Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper) and his demented associates. Jeffrey's further investigation reveals that one of the police detectives is also involved in the criminal activities of the gang, and that means that he will have to deal with these people using his own resources. He confides in Sandy, a good-natured and sweet blonde, whose father is a hard-working and honest policeman.  Sandy is obviously fascinated by Jeffrey's recklessness, but her level-headed nature prevents her from becoming his full-time accomplice and ditching her boy-friend, at least, not until later on.<br /><br />Stylistically, Blue Velvet is a precursor to Lynch's notorious collaboration with Mark Frost - TV series "Twin Peaks". These creations share a lot of elements including the small town setting, a dangerously attractive brunette, oldies often played under disturbing circumstances, dreamy angel-like singers (remember Julie Cruise in Twin Peaks), flame and even the famous red curtains. Although "Blue Velvet" is just a thriller without any supernatural context, somehow you expect the Dwarf to pop up and start dancing at any time.<br /><br />The blue velvet is a leitmotif of the film. "Blue Velvet" is a song that Dorothy has to perform in a club every night looking straight in the eyes of her tormentors. Dorothy also wears a blue velvet gown at home, and Frank has a fetish for blue velvet using it in his perverted sexual games. Blue velvet is a symbol of mystery, obsession and hidden passions lurking beneath the exterior of men.<br /><br />Lynch uses different colors for the scenes taking place in the normal world of American suburbia versus Dorothy's apartment or Ben's house. Lumbertown is depicted as idyllic joyful place with bright yellow tulips against the white fence and  bright green grass. Everything involving Dorothy or the criminals is shot either in the darkness or unnaturally striking colors. The director makes an interesting application of the contrast between the two women in protagonist's life. Dangerous and seductive Dorothy is a voluptuous brunette wearing blue or red gowns, whereas Sandy is a slender blonde, your typical American next door cheerleader.<br /><br />Kyle MacLahlan is cute, adorable and gives an incredibly convincing performance. His love-making scenes with Rossellini are tasteful, beautiful and disturbing at the same time. Rosselini was quite adequate, especially if we take into account the complexity of the character, but I couldn't get rid of this thought in the back of my head that Sherilyn Fenn would have been much more memorable. Perhaps, I am irreparably spoiled by Twin Peaks... However, Rossellini's was Lynch's favorite at the time, so we can understand being a little bit biased here.<br />Dennis Hopper is way over the top as Frank Booth, being psychotic, violent and pitiful at the same time.  His every appearance on the screen is a an avalanche of emotions, swear-words and craziness. He is a dangerous man and Jeffrey who stepped in his way knows that the only way for him to stay alive is to eliminate Frank.<br /><br />Lynch decided to end this flick on a joyful note. Everything goes back to normal in Lumberton, Jeffrey and Sandy will probably go on to have a long and wholesome life together with children on the way. Dorothy is hugging her son in the final moments of the movie, and the robin as the symbol of good is devouring the bug just as in Sandy's dream.  However, despite the obviously happy ending and triumph of the good over the evil, the final scenes have such a dream-like and surreal quality that one cannot help suspecting that something bad is doomed to happen again. With Lynch you never know for sure...
Blue Velvet is my favorite David Lynch film, and one of my favorite films of all time. In many ways it's a disturbing film, but not so much because of the violence (compared to today's standards), but because of the characters and the darkness of the human condition that they expose. It's worth watching Dennis Hopper channel Frank Booth, the sociopathic drug dealer who pretty much owns the film. Also great are Dean Stockwell, Isabella Roselinni, Kyle McLaughlin, and Laura Dern, all great actors and actresses who make the film the classic that it is. A must for film students.
What can you say?<br />All I have to say is that you had better not have any distraction's.<br />This is one movie that you can or should watch with a quality audio/visual center.<br />Say what you will, but it works very well with quality involved.<br /><br />G
Now, don't get me wrong. Blue Velvet is one of my all-time favorite movies, if not my hands-down favorite. It's just that I was a trifle disappointed with the &quot;special&quot; edition. As was no doubt the case with a lot of other Lynch-heads, I was hoping for chunks of deleted scenes and never-before-seen footage, but apparently such scenes fall under the &quot;lost forever&quot; heading - what a shame. Instead, we get a montage of still shots from a variety of scenes which, while compelling, falls far short of the actual scenes themselves. If you're a geek like me, you might want to try and locate a copy of the script. This will answer a lot of questions you might have about the context of these scenes.<p>That said, I highly recommend buying this if you don't already own a copy in some format or other. Blue Velvet is a compelling, voyeuristic, and times downright scary masterpiece, peppered with David Lynch's trademark quirky humor.
.....because, believe it or not, evvy small US town seems to have its underbelly. In fact, I'd venture to say, the more &quot;perfectly white-picket fenced&quot; a community is, the more bizarre its underbelly. In my opinion, this is Lynch at his best, being that &quot;Twin Peaks&quot; culminated in undecipherable and hard to watch absurdist cinema, and &quot;The Lost Highway&quot; is way too non-linear...fans of that film must find the current &quot;Momento&quot; simply fabulous. More power to them.<p>&quot;Blue Velvet&quot; is good because of the pacing....it does not try to pack in too many details and mental cul-de sacs for the viewer. It has straight ahead suspence that slowly builds from  the severed ear found in the field to its scenes of MacLachlan peeking through the apartment closet shutters, and his confrontation with Hopper and Stockwell (in creepy roles essentially reprised by Loggia and Robert Blake in &quot;The Lost Highway&quot;...done better by Hopper and Stockwell) and to its final wild scene. Each moment of the story seems to get bleaker, moodier and creepier, but there are no wild skips in continuity. And there are no supernatural monsters here. Just the human kind of monster... It is very difficult to watch because we identify with MacLachlan's college Hardy Boy so much and our sense of what's so called normal and right makes what we see in this Lynchian Travel in Hyperreality so disturbing. <p>I've seen this thing several times and still, it gets to me...
David Lynch in this film is typically himself : initiation of young people to the dark side of society, the rotten apples in the police institution, the artistic cult of darkness in the pictures, suffering as a lifestyle for some women who accept it and long for it essentially, but also for some social bullies who are criminals and traffickers and who enjoy inflicting that suffering on anyone at hand. And you add a love affair between two of these young people and the pipcture is nearly complete. The last element is the liaison between the young man and the woman-victim of the violence and it introduces us to the impulse that pushes aside the refusal to be violent in sex and that engulfs the young man into being violent against his own rational will. This is the best element in the film : violence comes from a deeply-rooted impulse and cannot be evaded in some situations produced by society. The last touch of David Lynch's art is the slow motion of the film. And there you are with a cataclysmic denouement that brings both liberation and the pains of growth and the pains of the recollection after growing of these first pains. The butterfly remembers the chrysalid that remembers the larva that maybe ven remembers the egg. No escape from this truth : the child is the father of the man. The minutiae of the work of David Lynch, in this film or others, is a real pleasure in the moonshining process of distilling human emotions. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
I'm surprised that for all that's been said about this film that nobody's realized that it's essentially a 50s gang flick with the point of view shifted and with a strong dose of honesty.<p>Surreal is an unfair description of this film; there are certainly some bizarre moments, but it's not as if this is a sequel to &quot;Un Chien Andalou.&quot;  What it is is a very odd little crime thriller.<p>It's well-acted and excellently written and directed.  Not for those who think good movies are all problem plays, but otherwise excellent.
You could have so many arguments about Blue Velvet to the  point of getting into a fist fight. Personally, I think it's the best movie ever made. It changed my whole perception of a film. The surreal opening sequence with the picket fence with Bobby Vinton's &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; (re-mixed by Lynch, sounding distant and bumped up from B-flat to B), may be the most beautiful few seconds of film one could see. Anyway, this film divided the critics, and that's why I love it. If you were to ask me what kind of movie Blue Velvet is, I'd say, beautiful, disturbing, uniquely funny, suspenseful. Lynch creates two worlds here, with two girls, and a young man who is the arbitrator of the two who loses his innocence. With Laura Dern, you could turn your TV set to Black and White and think the film was made in the 50s (aside from Jeffery's ear-ring and hip 80s haircut). When Dorothy and Frank enter the picture, it's just...unbelievable. This is ground breaking cinema. No picture has ever boasted so much of a contrast between day and night, good and evil. No film has been made like this, and ever will be. Much symbolism well classifies the film as an contemporary art. Love it or leave it. It will always be talked about.  Bravo, Lynch. You've changed my whole perception of cinema and my outlook on small towns.  See it. You won't forget it.
That's "Blue Velvet" she's singing, and that's blue velvet he's got in his  mouth.<p>Dennis Hopper combines pure evil with moral degeneracy in a style  not to be forgotten in this original shocker from David Lynch.  The  juxtaposition of the sleepy logging town with the depraved Hopper and his  sick crew really makes the evil stand out.  Laura Dern, playing a  fifties-style sweetheart, is likewise an apt foil for the compromised and  befouled Isabella Rossellini (Ingrid Bergman's daughter, lest we forget)  who plays a small town chanteuse with some very kinky sexual needs.  Kyle  MacLachlan stars as a Nancy Drew wanna-be who gets in a couple of fathoms  over his head.<p>The plot is as clever as the devil, surprising us at  several turns, yet at no time does it go beyond anything reasonable.  The  characters are vivid, memorable and entirely believable.  This is very  close to a great movie.  To nit-pick I'd have to say that the feel good  resolution could have used a touch of Tabasco, and I was a little annoyed  at being lead to believe that the father was a bad cop; in fact I have the  feeling that Lynch had another ending in mind but gave us the old style  Hollywood finale as a second thought.<p>Rossellini and her apartment-a  simple, but exquisitely designed set-will probably stay with me through the  next millennium.  Also indelible is Hopper sucking on oxygen or nitrous to  turbo himself up to do dirty deeds.  The bit from Dean Stockwell as the  clown-faced gay, lip syncing a Roy Orbison tune as we wait to see what he  and Hopper are going to do to MacLachlan, made my skin crawl.
David Lynch's masterpiece film, Blue Velvet is an overpowering look at the evil that lurks amongst the normalities of everyday life.  Boiled down to the basics, Blue Velvet is a good-guys vs. bad-guys crime story, but the  subplots and emotional tensions create a film unlike any I have ever seen.  This is not a film for those who are easily disturbed by troubling images,  however, I think that anyone who watches it must be impressed by its total  originality in the way it tells a story.  As a matter of fact, this  film is much more accessible to film lovers than many of Lynch's other  films, in that the underlying plot is actually very straight-forward, and  wraps up in a logical conclusion.  Compare this to the mish-mash of  something like Lost Highway, and it is easy to see why Blue Velvet has been  hailed as such a brilliant piece of work.  I must admit that the acting  (except for Dennis Hopper's tremendous performance) overall is not of the  highest caliper, but the overall force of the story renders this a moot  point.  This is a great movie, and any film lover who has not yet seen it  should check out this fine DVD edition.
This is a great movie, but with the new 5.1 surround mix on the new edition coming out soon, it would be a waste to get it.
This is the movie that made me a fan of David Lynch. Contains all the elements of a typical David Lynch film; erotism (to a kinky level), soft violence action and a soft exotic melody that remains in your mind.  Isabella Rossellini is marvelous with her uncommon and unbeatable beauty.  This movie can be classified as a classic that must be present in every  collectors shelf
I watched this movie tonight and was a little disappointed by the story. I read all of the reviews, looked at the plot line and thought it would be a good movie to watch. I was a little bored through the movie because it traveled kinda slow and was a little disjointed. At times, it was very boring to me. Maybe in it's time when it was made, it probably was a milestone in movie making. It is now outdated with it's story line and "director's tricks" which made the movie very confusing. It you want to see a movie along this line that also has a "mystery" to it, see "StrangeLand".
The elusiveness and the mystery; the violence and the surrealist  nightmares; the loneliness and the cruelty; the curiosity and the poignancy will be the crossed elements of that dreamy puzzle.<br /><br />A human ear will be the first clue in the crime scene who will lead to a couple of youngsters to make a journey to a restricted land. The slow agony of lonely singer, the abominable presence of a kidnapper drug dealer, a bunch of human specters, a bit of amylic anhidride and a bitter portrait of an agonic world will make of this picture a real cult movie that grows and grows through the years.<br /><br />David Lynch confessed in a interview that four crucial sequences were inspired by his personal dreams. So, that' s why I respect so much  Lynch ' s aesthetics, he is one the genuine descendent of that so far German Expressionism Movement being Murnau, Fritz Lang, Robert Wiene, Paul Wengerer and King Vidor his more excel  ambassadors. So in my personal opinion I recommend you to take a ride by those important and decisive years to find the visual clues, the body language and the imagination force and then back to Lynch. Otherwise you may misunderstand or worst still underrate the underground labyrinths, fundamental trademark  of this original and innovative creator.
BLUE VELVET, at its core, states a simple case: all things that appear good are only good in appearance; all things evil are evil through and through. You start with the over-Kodachromed shots of Anytown, USA, with its wildflowers, fire engines, and spotless sidewalks. You conclude with a chirping robin which is a puppet, and David Lynch makes no attempt to make it seem like it's anything but a puppet. In between these elements is evil: a severed ear, shootings, bloodied and battered people, and Frank Booth. This dark world seems much more real than the sunlit Anytown, and this is David Lynch's starting point.<p>BLUE VELVET is going to be unwatchable for many people: it's violent, it's graphic, it's &quot;weird&quot;, etc. But if you get beyond some of the stylization, you will find this film to be a powerful indictment of American society gone mad. And as far as movie-making goes, this movie is a magnet for the eyes. This is a visual dans-macabre: stark settings and brash lighting amid the darkness; the contrasting colors; the sweeping camera movements just keep your eyes glued to the screen. Combine this with the brilliant performances of Kyle MacLachlan, Isabella Rossellini, and, of course, Dennis Hopper, and you'll find out why this film endures, even as it nears its third decade.<p>If you don't get this film, you will get a love letter from me. And you don't want a love letter from me. Do you know what a love letter from me is?
I just recently saw this film but there have been years where people have talked about it, referenced it in conversation but I haven't seen until recently and I can say that it's a film that's had me focusing on Lynch's style of directing. This is the second Lynch film that I've seen. I saw DUNE which he wouldn't even lend his name too. In comparing both films, I would say that both seem to have a dark taint to them. Well this film had an overthetop performance by Dennis Hopper as Frank Booth, the film actually became more interesting with his performance. The surreal scene at the bordello was the highlight of the movie.
Blue Velvet is among the most effective two hours of film ever made.  The story of a young man on break from college who goes back to his home town to help out in his father's hardware store seems innocent enough.  But by the time he is being held and beaten by drug addled lunatics while overweight floozies dance on the top of the car to Roy Orbison music you know you are in some very dark and sinister territory.<br />Dennis Hopper gets under your skin and you fear him as much as any monster or villian in film history.  He is a madman with limitless rage and what's worse is he has an equally freaked out entourage that seem to encourage him to ever more sadistic behavior.<br />The truly amazing thing about Blue Velvet is how it draws such sharp contrasts.  Laura Dern is just a normal high school girl, but compared to Hopper's character she is as wholesome as an angel.  She represents decency and goodness and lends temporary relief from the madness of the film.<br />But by the third act, the director throws these contrasts together and the movie erupts with intense drama.<br />The scene where Jeffrey has Laura Dern and Isabella Rossellini together in the car and Laura Dern's character finally realizes the truth of their relationship is simply fantastic.  You want to crawl under your sofa and hide your head, but you absolutely must keep watching.<p>And then after all is said and done, you remember the quiet little moments.  Ahhh...heineken.
Great blu ray of one of David Lynch's best films. Extras are the same from the MGM DVD, except for the addition of 50 mins of newly discovered lost footage, which is actually in the bonus features section and not in the film. I didn't notice that at first.<br /><br />Worth it to pick up for the better picture quality and the additional footage which is being seen for the first time on Blu Ray! I myself bought this on a whim, already owning the DVD. The differences in the picture/audio are minor, with slight improvement to both.<br /><br />I had my fingers crossed for an audio commentary of some kind, but alas no luck.<br /><br />RIP Dennis Hopper.
This is David Lynch and Dennis Hopper's masterpiece performances.  You can watch this movie 10 times...and still catch something you missed previously.  For the noobs, reading this review...this movie is FILLED TO RIM with symbolism.  From the start, to the finish...there is symbolism throughout the movie.  If you watch and missed that....watch it again, only more carefully.<br /><br />This movie is a MUST on any movie buff shelf.  Thank god, it's finally on Blu-Ray.<br /><br />I love how David puts Roger Ebert's clearly retarded and clueless review on every release.  David clearly laughs as hard or harder than I do everytime I see it.
When you start a journey into David Lynch masterpieces you should start with this movie.  A classic story telling of David Lynch of strange people with a strange plot in a strange weird world. One of the best movie in the century.<br /><br />Be ready to the other David's masterpieces of works.
I wonder how David Lynch's mother felt when she saw this story pour out of her darling son's mind.  If she's anything like David himself, I'm sure she was extremely proud.  Lynch made one of the best films of the 1980s when he completed Blue Velvet.  This is one of those movies that is so powerful and visually stunning that you can't help but involve yourself with it's sick and strangely motivated characters.  When watching this you will cringe, you will grind your teeth, and you will find yourself with a disturbed look on your face...and Lynch wouldn't want it any other way.<p>  This film is a fusion of neo-noir style, art-house poetry, heart-stopping suspense, and sadistic erotica.  It's not for all tastes, but should be viewed by anyone who's willing to give up two hours and think for a little while.  What does Lynch have to say about society today?  Not much that is positive, let me tell you.  But he doesn't shove it in your face, he lets the viewer determine how he feels through examining the actions of the characters caught in the web of criminal activity and violent sexuality that the film offers.  You may not be smiling after watching this movie, but I do promise you two things: 1) You will NEVER forget the movie  2) You will have nightmares in which Dennis Hopper stars as an antagonist.  His role is so startling and demanding that you may find yourself staring at him in awe.  To prepare yourself for Blue Velvet, try viewing the gentler Lynch opus The Elephant Man, or the original cult classic, Eraserhead.  Small town America was never so terrifying...
David Lynch's films are truly unique in every possible way. Perhaps one of the most singular cinematic voices in the entire short history of films. I watched the movie, Blue Velvet, for the first time recently. The film was made in the eighties, but it didn't feel a day too old. The first time of watching Dennis Hopper's character ghastly screaming the words &quot;Baby wants to fxxx&quot; is a disturbing, moving, but nonetheless unforgettable experience. The audience is placed in the same shoes as the wide-eyed MacLachlan's character: we, the audience, are being exposed to a twisted and frightening world where everything is a subtle sexual-psychological clue points somewhere into the abyss of society's collective subconscious. The audience is shocked, perplexed, and repulsed, not necessarily by the movie per se, but by the discomfort of our id being forced to come in contact with our middle-class American, post-war optimistic, morally weakened, and fragile ego. There are too many symbolisms in the movie that a huge volume can be entirely devoted to uncover them. But as the old cliche says &quot;a picture is worth a thousand words&quot;. It's especially true in the case of Lynch's audacious and visionary master work, Blue Velvet. I would urge all film lovers and anyone who's looking for the meaning in arts to watch this film.
This film has to be see to be believed! Right off the bat the image of Rossllini in her underwear after being sodmized by Hopper is simply an eye-opener. Lynch plays on this &quot;can't look away&quot;, voyeristic quality through the whole film just when you think the film has run it's course of shock value it grows in terms of plot and depth! The script is very minimal and due to the fact that the flick is a visual treat is understandable. Lynch uses human emotions and instincts to even turn the viewer into a member of Hopper's gang at one point. The plot revolves around the missing family of Rossellini and the length she goes through to save her child. MacLachlan's gives the role of the hero an every man feel; his unsual face and akwardness is heightend by the overall nightmarish quality of the film. No one is hamming it up in this film and that is what makes it work if just one actor were to reinvent a character this film would fail but due to the top notch acting and the break neck plot turns this film is a winner-and the scene at the end is worth the price of the film!
Blue Velvet is easily David Lynch's finest creation, but it may also be the best movie I have ever seen.<p>Lynch has always had a impressive ability to create beautiful and haunting scenes in film.  His major fault is that he often has trouble inserting these scenes into a coherent, meaningful film.  However, this is not the case with Blue Velvet, which is tightly put together.  Indeed, his technical mastery and focus on his story rivals Hitchcock's best in my opinion (and the influence of Hitchcock subtly permeates the film).<p>It seems that many critics have missed the mark in Lynch's almost unbearably sacharine presentation of small town America.  They interpret this as a tongue in cheek attack, and claim that the following deviance we see in the film is an indictment of the sordid underbelly that lies beneath all such communities.  In my opinion this could not be further from the case.  Lynch beleives in pure goodness as an idea, and in many of his projects he creates a small town that is literally dripping with basic, simple human kindness (the kind of way we saw life when we were young, playing at our grandmothers before we knew about sex, murder, death, drugs and such 'adult' things).<p>Lynch likes to insert beside such idyllic settings their opposite: forces of darkness (which for Lynch are forces of corruption and perversion).  In this film we find it in Frank (paralleled by BOB in Twin Peaks and the Man in Black in Lost Highways), a sadistic drug addicted thug and his demonic consorts.<p>Another common theme of Lynch's occurs: a basically good, naive hero is placed between these worlds and pulled by both.  The hero of the movie vacillitates between the visceral attractions of drugs, violence and sex and the more traditional world of pure love, family, and community.  He is all of us: unlike some of the uncorruptable characters in the film that help him he can fall and become like Frank (which is why Frank says to him &quot;In dreams I walk with you&quot;).  We face this pull more than we know, and we also must know that others around us may not only be facing it, but losing to the dark side.  Do we dare help them, as Blue Velvet's hero does, knowing that we too may be tempted?
Beautifully filmed, but utterly stupid in its meandering and dumb plot. I'd love to smack Kyle MacLachlan's character over the head about fifty times with a rubber mallet. He may well be the single most stupid and naive dolt in all of cinema and I'm not sure that Lynch meant to make him quite that stupid.<p>Movie tries to be cool and creepy and weird (&quot;Hey, small towns have strange people in them, too!&quot;) Whoopee-stinkin'-doo, I say. <p>I had an acquaintance who used to say &quot;I hate weirdness that exists for weirdness' sake only.&quot; Now I know what he meant. Pass.
I didn't read all the customer reviews, but I scanned about 50 of them and the featured review, and did not see one mention of the fact that Frank Booth is a very very funny character. Even Kyle MacLachlan, in an interview on the DVD version, said that he was supposed to be scared but found Dennis Hopper too funny to be afraid.<br /><br />I sample:<br /><br />Ben: 'Here's to your health.'<br /><br />Frank: 'No. Let's toast to something else. Let's toast to f***ing...Say: here's to your f**k, Frank;'<br /><br />Ben: 'Very well, then. Here's to your f**k, Frank...Cheers!'<br /><br />Frank: 'God damn, you're one suave f**k.'<br /><br />terrifying? oedipal? haunting? NO!!...Funny!!!<br /><br />This movie would be terrible without Dennis Hopper as Frank Booth. Jeffrey is pretty cool, and Ben is awesome for a few moments, but, that's it. There's nothing else.<br /><br />Best of all, Dennis Hopper spent years trying to distance himself from this role, giving all the credit to David Lynch, not wanting to be seen as such a depraved maniac by all the frat houses and elsewhere that love Frank Booth so much.<br /><br />See this movie to see Dennis Hopper as Frank Booth. Skip the rest.
David Lynch's &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; is almost impossible to describe because the actors are so great portraying their roles that reviewing this film might create an anti-climax. But we immediately recognize David Lynch's touch, his obsession for the bizarre and the cruel. The film has a pulp simplicity, but it's self-conscious in its satire. Isabella Rossellini portrays a woman whose husband and son have been kidnapped by Dennis Hopper, and Kyle McLaghlan and Laura Dern are the heroes who try to discover what's behind the small town facade. They whisper corny lines to each other and their characters are purely mechanical, but perhaps it's just an homage to classicism.  Fortunately, there are times when the actors let themselves go and almost pull out from the unidimensional behavior that suffocates all their gestures and words. Dennis Hopper gives a very strong performance as an obsessed and dangerous man, with an homicidal tendency and a sexual crisis but Isabella Rossellini steals all the scenes she's in as we regognize her true suffering and anguish.
Let it first be said that everyone who considers themselves a serious student of film should see "Blue Velvet" on principle alone-- this review is intended for people who have seen it, and thus contains SPOILERS.<br /><br />David Lynch's "Blue Velvet" is that rare breed of film: an unquestioned modern masterpiece, upheld by imdb geeks and Entertainment Weekly-pop culture hounds as something truly special. Everybody seems to like it, and everybody's got their own reason. Some see it as allegory, some simply as a living nightmare, some as genuinely effective drama, some as a coming-of-age story.<br /><br />I've seen "Blue Velvet" three times now. The first time, I admit a prejudicial point of view-- I wanted to prove Roger Ebert right in his criticism of it, because Ebert was my hero at the time. I was unimpressed. Later, I returned to it after a number of critics upheld it as the genuine article. I'd seen Mulholland Drive and Lost Highway, and loved both of them-- perhaps I was more prepared for Lynchian weirdness this time around. Nope. I was still unimpressed, although I was entranced by the visual look of the film.<br /><br />Recently, I found myself picking it up again, after seeing Mulholland Drive with an artsy group of friends who were convinced that they could explain everything that happened in it to me, and pretty much did (except for the blue box and the scene with the huge dude who knocks out the<br />director's wife). With an increased appreciation of Lynch, I returned to what most consider his masterpiece, ironically enough, prejudiced IN ITS FAVOR this time around.<br /><br />Well, I'm still not impressed. "Blue Velvet" thinks it's so damn cool and subversive. It thinks it's turning Americana on its head by depicting sexual perversion behind white picket fences. I don't think it's doing anything at all.<br /><br />Granted, for forty minutes or so, "Blue Velvet" is compelling. From the opening scene to the discovery of the ear all the way up to  Dennis Hopper's unforgettable apperance and including the dream sequence afterwards, Lynch had me hooked. He seemed at that point to be ready to go for broke, to show us unimaginable horrors, to penetrate through to the darkest aspects of human nature.<br /><br />Yet something odd happens after the forty minute mark-- the story that we thought was gradually unfolding into something complex and sinister stops unfolding altogether. After forty minutes, we have all the plot we're going to get. We have a woman held in sexual slavery by a drug dealer who has kidnapped her husband and son, we have the naive college kid who tries to help her out, we have the sweet high school girl he's falling in love with, and that's all we have. Those expecting "Blue Velvet" to "go somewhere" from this point will be sorely disappointed.<br /><br />In the end, "Blue Velvet" goes down an entirely conventional path towards its conclusion. Instead of exploring the Hopper character, Lynch makes him into a campy villain. Instead of exploring the Rosellini character, Lynch makes her into a conventional damsel in distress, longing after her husband and son. Instead of exploring the MacLachlan character, Lynch turns him into an uninteresting do-gooder. The latter choice is particularly odd, given that Lynch has set him up to have his whole world turned upside-down-- yet he heroically takes everything in stride and saves the day.<br /><br />Most egregious of all is the resolution of the plot, which I've got to assume is intended as a joke on the viewer. After all of Lynch's pretensions about inverting Americana, he gives us a reaffirmation of it, in the form of a conventional ending in which a simple act of violence<br />restores the natural order of things, the robins make everything better, and, gee, everything's just great! Even though I'm sure this is intended as ironic, I found myself frustrated anyway. If Lynch isn't going to take his art seriously, why should the viewer?<br /><br />I don't want to seem like I'm making an attack on Lynch, although it may seem that way, as I'm criticizing his most canonized work. Lynch has proven that he is capable of taking himself seriously, and developing stories that go places-- even if they work with a logic that conventional films do not. "Blue Velvet," by contrast, goes nowhere and does nothing truly unusual or interesting in the process. I've endeavored to work my way around to enjoying it, but I can't. It simply is not interesting, as a dramatic work, or even as an abstract collection of images.<br /><br />I would direct those who want to see Lynch at his best to "Eraserhead," "Twin Peaks: Fire Walk With Me," "Lost Highway" (my personal favorite), and, in a more conventional vein (well, relatively speaking), "Wild at Heart." These are virtuoso films that see the director exploiting the most fearsome resources of cinema to lead his viewers on journeys that begin and end, with point and purpose. They are masterpieces, and no matter what anyone tells you, they make sense if you are willing to do the intellectual heavy-lifting.<br /><br />Compared to these later works, "Blue Velvet" is positively forgettable.
Blue Velvet, like so many of Lynch's movies, is multi-layered.  On the surface, it portrays (with subtle humor and some strange twists of reality) a Norman Rockwell type town and its disturbing under belly.  It is also a coming of age story for the main character played by Kyle MacLachlan as he wrestles with his lust for an older woman (Isabella Rossellini) and his feelings for a young high school girl (Laura Dern).  It also has elements of a morality play when the outstanding villian played by Dennis Hopper enters the fray.  Underneath it all though, there's always the thought that David Lynch might just be mocking our picturesque ideas of small town life.
How does one describe Blue Velvet? Disturbing, entertaining, romantic (yes, I did say romantic), mysterious, brilliant. Those words all describe Blue Velvet. This is a masterpiece of cinema. With all of David Lynch's brilliance, he has or may never touch a film this great again.<br />Dennis Hopper. Why isn't this man in a category of the legends? Why isn't he revered as much as Pacino, DeNiro or Nicholson? Dennis Hopper can take the most wacked-out roles and transform them into legendary villains (Speed, Apocalypse Now).<br />Kyle MacLachlan does an incredible job with his protagonistic role as does Laura Dern, playing the innocent virgin. Isabella Rossellini is also incredible as the victim, and there is always the cast of crazy characters David Lynch is famous for (Dean Stockwell, Jack Nance, to name a few). But the show is stolen by the script and cinematography. The scene of Dean Stockwell's lip sync is one of the greatest scenes in the history. It's why we have film. Plus, extra mention should me made about the score.<br />Blue Velvet is not for the kids. It has graphic language, nudity and some violent moments not for the squeamish. But if you're in the mood to be disturbed, Blue Velvet is the movie for you.
'Blue Velvet' is a Douglas Sirk melodrama recast as a Surrealist film noir.  I had thought that the film might have dated, that David Lynch's bugs-beneath-the-smiling-small-town-facade worldview had long since passed into self-parody, but Lynch was never much interested in social criticism.  What may be fascistic violence, misogyny and abuse of physical vulnerability in the film's surface crime narrative becomes liberating when seen in its true dream colours, as elements of the hero's unconscious.  The film begins with the hero's father, connected to candy-coloured images of suburban, robotic conformity, suffering from a stroke.  Freed from this paternal authority, Jeffrey begins exploring the dreamscape of his own desires, falling for women under male control (trying to assert Oedipal primacy), testing various kinds of sexual experience, facing a world of metamorphosing identities and locations.  This only remains possible so long as his father is in a coma - once he resumes control, the deviant can be suppressed, and automated complacency restored.<p>'Velvet' is a frightening but hilarious black comedy - from the dog gulping hose water over a stroke victim (a different - or related? - kind of unconscious) to earnest medical discussions about a severed ear to Dennis Hopper's pre-camp violence to Isabella Rossellini's 'Bride of Frankenstein' strapping to an ambulance stretcher.  Andre Breton once defined black humour as the key Surrealist characteristic, and 'Velvet' is, after 'Vertigo', the greatest Surrealist film of the American cinema, from its interior spaces evoking the paintings of de Chirico and Magritte, and the dream-imagery of corridors, stairs and doors (as portals to another world; as embodiments of (female) sexuality, especially Dorothy's bathroom and her urethral nightclub stage) to the dream-logic of the plot, with its emphasis on the nocturnal; on unconscious walking; on repetition; on the fetishised focus on items of clothing, lips, colours etc.; on the existence of various worlds in a circumscribed space, like the conflicting desires in our mind.<p>'Velvet' is Lynch's most successful film because it is structured by genre.  At one point Sandy asks Jeffrey whether he is a detective or a pervert; both types are defined as voyeurs.  Jeffrey belongs to the great tradition of anti-detectives headed by 'Vertigo''s Scottie Ferguson, men who believe they are solving a crime in the external world, but are really getting lost in their own mind.  The detective might seem to be the 'reality principle' opposed to the liberation of Surrealism, but there are points in common - the interpretation of visual clues, the search for an elusive ojbect, the playing with time and space.  Ultimately, however, the restitution of order must mean death to Dream and Desire.  <p>What makes 'Velvet' more successful than most Surrealist films is character - although Frank (surely an outcast from Celine, or the Wizard in this twisted return to Oz?) and the rest are figments of Jeffrey's unconscious, they are fully-formed and compelling in their own right.  Lynch's visuals are so unforgettable and potent, it is easy to overlook the unnerving genius of his sound-designs, the hyper-reality of 'real' or background sound, the menacing atmospherics and Hollywood pastiche in Badalamenti's score or the brilliantly destabilising use of familiar pop standards.  'Velvet' was the first 'serious' film I ever saw - looking back at it over a decade later, I hadn't realised how much it had infiltrated my own unconscious and private mythology.
"Blue Velvet" is one of the best movies of all time. David Lynch is Hollywood's finest director, and "Blue Velvet" is his best work. "Blue Velvet" is a shocking, disturbing, and yet brilliant masterpiece telling the tale of a hidden world that could exist in every small town. It greatly portrays how a seemingly nice neighborhood can be a portal into a world of unimaginable perversions. Kyle McLachlan, Isabella Rossellini, Dennis Hopper, and Laura Dern all give brilliant performances. Kyle McLachlan is brilliant in the role of Jeffrey Beumont. He portrays his journey from boyhood into manhood with great poise. He has an air about him that portrays his loss of innocense greatly. Isabella Rossellini in her third film of her career took on a most challenging role of Dorothy Vallens. The seemingly perfect, yet tortured nightclub singer. She handled the many challenges of her role like a true actress. Dennis Hopper is just plain scary in this movie. His portrayal of Frank Booth is one that could not have been handled by any other actor. Hopper had recently come out of drug rehab, and was encouraged not to take this role. Because playing a violent, ritualistic sadist would not help his image with the public. But Hopper took the role because he believed in the story. All of the actors did, because due to many circumstances in making a film so original, the actors basically did this movie for free. Exactly like the actors in the recent movie "Monster's Ball" David Lynch was nominated for Best Director at the 1986 Academy Awards, but did not win. I feel that is a crime in every sense. You can't make a movie like "Blue Velvet" and not be a genius, and that is what Lynch is. He is a genius and a visionary in every sense of the word. His careful attention to detail, makes his movies cinematic masterpieces. All of the main actors in "Blue Velvet" McLachlin, Rossellini, Hopper, and Dern all deserved Oscar nominations, but were snubbed by the Academy. What a shame that when a truly brilliant movie comes around like "Blue Velvet" that it is ignored because it is so original. "Blue Velvet" will give you a new meaning to the words 'movie masterpiece' and will take you on a wild ride that you will never forget. "Blue Velvet" is moviemaking at its very best.
David Lynch's at once quirky and psychotic film making style is perfectly suited for the innocence vs. corruption dynamic that is this movie's theme. This is often considered Lynch's masterpiece and despite its undeniable weirdness, is mostly praised by critics, with the glaring ommission of Roger Ebert, who dismissed it on a strange moral ground. He found the mix of abused, naked women and jokey satire offensive. Rumor has it that Lynch wanted to film this in black and white at first, which, in my opinion, would have been a terrible mistake and obscured the light-dark parallel. Lynch's use of color is well done, and pleases the eye. Maltin was right about the necessity of seeing this in a widescreen format as well -- it really comes through in the spacious apartment scenes.  The performance of Dennis Hopper in this film is outstanding, ludicrous, and hillarious (depending on your sense of humor). Oxygen-toting, obscenity-spewing Frank Booth gave me newfound respect for an actor that I found just irritating in the past. Great film.
(Hmmm...I'll try and keep this under 5,000 words! ) I never got into the laserdisc thing (too bulky and expensive) so up until now I've never seen anythng but the pan and scan version of this film.  The widescreen version  illustrates Lynch's masterful use of the Cinemascope format, he uses every  inch of the frame.  Lynch is a true master of the cinema, and is arguably  the best and most under-rated director of our time.  (The succesor to  Kubrick, perhaps?)  Seeing Blue Velvet like this adds so much more  dimension to the film...the picture and sound were incredibly crisp, one of  the best I've seen on DVD.  The only complaint is with the annoying case  this movie was put in...you need to pinch the center with two fingers while  popping the disc out with a 3rd finger.  Very annoying, and it seems like  one day I'm going to break the disc while taking it out.  So to the  studios...DONT MAKE THIS CASE ANYMORE!  Anyway, that obviously is not a  reason to avoid this DVD.  Definitely not for the faint of heart...after I  watched this film with my girlfriend, she became incredibly paranoid for  the rest of the night!  (I think Frank Booth did that...) This film and  Lost Highway are must haves for first time Lynch viewers.
The icy, but strange Lynch mood enters Blue Velvet from the very beginning. Starting off semi-squeaky clean, things start darkening as the main character, Kyle MacLachlan, begins to discover, of course, wierd things in his hometown. After a meeting with Isabella Rossellini's character, MacLachlan begins a downward spiral into an evil world of desparation, wickedness and corruption. Blue Velvet's 'plot' is much easier to follow than Lynch's Lost Highway. However, it's a bumpy mental road for those who try to figure it all out. One of Lynch's best.
Blue Velvet<br /><br />This is a beautiful movie, set up like a stone in a setting by director David Lynch's trademark eccentric lighting. The photography and the sets are gorgeous; the mix of symbols and refernces and visual styles was daring in its time and the whole experience of seeing it is as much the unrolling of a scroll as it is of watching a movie.<br /><br />The story looks like a William S. Burroughs adaptation of a Hardy Boys mystery. A coupla teenagers stumble on a mystery and, gee whiz, they deced to solve it. Instead of buried treasure, it involves electronically amflified sadists crazed by brain-implanted drugs and wearing leather, velvet, lace and rubber fetish suits. There's an occasional mutilated corpse thrown in.<br /><br />At its release in 1987, Blue Velvet and its creator were unexpected surpises from a Hollywood where the scripts seem to be generated by a computer that watches a lot of television. Today, the movie seems a bit full of itself, (recurring shots of a symbolic flame), and the plot seems less satisfying. The world of horrors that's revealed in the first part of the film is resolved rather stupidly at the end.<br /><br />Isalbella Rossellini made her career with a lush performance in this movie and Dennis Hopper remade his. The rest of the cast seems weirdly restrained: hard to tell if by director's choice or just wooden acting.<br /><br />Still, this was a movie that changed the expectaitons we have of movies and it's well worth seeing.<br /><br />--Lynn Hoffman, author of THE NEW SHORT COURSE IN WINE and the forthcoming novel bang-BANG from Kunati Books. ISBN 9781601640005
This movie was very interesting to watch and it had some really good scenes, but it did not flow the way I like a movie to flow. The movie just seemed to have a bunch of really different and unusual scenes put together and called a movie.  The performances the actors did were wonderful and Dennis Hopper did a fantastic job in his role.  David Lynch is a master when it comes to creating weid scenes and interesting charcters.  But when he put everything together the movie did not flow the way a movie should from scene to scene.  I would say you should see this movie just because of the acting.  If you like it buy, most people would not think this is a buy.<p>B
This is the best black and white film ever made in color.<br />The movie opens with a disembodied ear.<br />David Lynch is telling you to listen, as well as watch.<br />The soundtrack manipulates the mind as much as the images themselves.
Another cool one from David Lynch.<br /><br />For me, sometimes it's difficult to get into a movie directed by David Lynch.  But with the films that I do get into, they are great.  This one I got into.<br /><br />Isabella Rossellini, Kyle MacLachlan, Dennis Hopper, Laura Dern and Hope Lange all give very good acting performances.
this movie is a classic mind bender! if you like david lynch's other stuff, like lost highway or wild at heart, you will like this. oh, mommy! ;)
Definately one of the best films to come out of the 80's. This movie definately has a very dark edge. Even those who don't "get it" have to admit that they've never seen anything quite like it. One of the most original opening sequences in movie history.
I really love this movie. David Lynch has always done a great work. David Lynch is my favorite director and I love all of his movies. But this is maybe the best he has ever done. Dennis Hopper plays better then ever. It's always fun to see Jack Nance who has been in almost every Lynch film. He had the leading part Lynch's first movie "Eraserhead". This movie talks about all the evil in this world and it's really scary. A movie that every filmfan should see.
Before &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; the cinema was a child... after it was an adolescent.
I think no other filmmaker in modern times has had their work analyzed and intelectualized as much as David Lynch.  I'm not saying his work doesn't sometimes call for heavy conversations about the nature of reality, but sometimes understanding a lynch film takes nothing more than just allowing yourself to be immersed in the mood.  That being said, i think this film is the best introduction to the Lynch Universe.  <p>People will call this movie weird and confusing, but i think anyone who is confused by it must be suffering from a short attention span.  The story is very simple, and at times coincidental.  The tougher (yet not impossible) part, is picking up on the things that aren't being said, such as why exactly Jeffery feels the need to observe the details of an ongoing police investigation from the inside, and what has made Dorothy so confused that she thinks the only thing that can bring her happiness is pain.  Its all about what lurks behind the curtain, its about who's hiding in the closet, its about what goes on underneath the mask of humanity.  Watching this film, you get to ride shotgun with Jefferey Beaumont as he peels the layers away little by little... and you may feel yourself becoming as much of a voyeur as he has become.
I just recently saw David Lynch's &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; on the big screen (and in widescreen) for the first time.  Having seen it now in its original aspect ratio, I can't bear to go back to my pan-and-scan  videotape.  Thank goodness that it's coming out on DVD.  &quot;Blue  Velvet,&quot; quite simply, is the best film of the 1980's; the only film  that comes close to it is Scorsese's &quot;Raging Bull.&quot;  &quot;Blue  Velvet&quot; was so ahead of its time when it was first released back in  1986.  In fact, it remains so today, judging by the bewildered faces of  people who were at the revival showing I attended.  The film precedes  &quot;American Beauty&quot; in blowing the doors off of the closet that  Suburbia keeps its skeletons in, telling the story of a young college kid  who, after finding a severed human ear, gets caught up in murder and mayhem  in his hometown of &quot;Lumberton USA.&quot;  Lynch goes to great  lengths to set up his picture-book depiction of small-town American life  (complete with bright red fire trucks, white picket fences, and blue skies)  before taking a wrecking ball to it.  Like he did in his debut,  &quot;Eraserhead,&quot; Lynch shows us what we look like (tedium and all)  but purposely twists our view of it, like a mad optometrist giving us the  wrong eyeglass prescription.  Apart from the fine directing, &quot;Blue  Velvet&quot; boasts an excellent cast that delivers each line with patented  Lynch-quirkiness.  Kyle MacLachlan plays Jeffrey Beaumont like a modern-day  Dante, travelling through the Inferno he never knew his hometown was.  Isabella Rosselini is spectacularly disturbing as Dorothy Vallens, a lounge  singer whose husband and son have been abducted.  Her character is a first:  a femme fatale who is more dangerous to herself than anyone else. And in  what may be one of the top ten tour-de-force performances of all time,  Dennis Hopper, as oxygen-huffing crime boss/hedonist Frank Booth, makes you  laugh one minute, and cringe with fear the next after realizing that such a  person probably does exist.  You may not agree that &quot;Blue  Velvet&quot; is the best film of the 80's but you'll have to do some  digging to find one more original.  It is a contemporary film noir classic  that deserves to withstand the test of time like older noir classics such  as &quot;Double Indemnity&quot; and &quot;The Big Sleep.&quot;  So far, it  appears to be holding up.  It's a strange world and &quot;Blue Velvet&quot;  (both the film itself and the fact that it was made) is solid proof of just  how strange it can be.
There is no denying that writer/filmmaker David Lynch has always shown a consistency in creating films of ecstatic creepiness.  But its his venture to the surreal, dark and ominous settings that separate him from other filmmakers.<br /><br />From his debut in 1977 with his surrealist film "Eraserhead" which has become a cult classic, to the sci-fi film "Dune" (1984) which paired him with actor Kyle MacLachlan for the first time,  the director would reach recognition for his TV series "Twin Peaks" (1990-1991).  And since "Twin Peaks", David Lynch has done quite well for himself, especially establishing him as one of the most notable filmmakers and screenwriters in American cinema.<br /><br />But if there is one film that fans of David Lynch have looked as a masterpiece in his oeuvre is the 1986 film "Blue Velvet".<br /><br />A film that probably is best not explaining but more of experiencing for its dark, ambiguous yet astonishing nature.  Unpredictable and surreal, "Blue Velvet" shows us a terrifying look at America in which characters may be normal during the day, but at night...Lynch unleashes paranoia and challenge your sensibility and quite literally... freak you out!<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:35:1).  The film actually was supervised and color corrected by David Lynch, so what you get is a definitive look via HD of what David Lynch wanted.  Detail is amazing especially the use of the darker colors.  Cinematographer Frederick Elmes does a great job in capturing the surreal outlook of the film and for the most part, the darker hues look fantastic, detail on the clothing is noticeable and black levels are nice and deep.  I didn't notice any banding or artifacts, if anything, picture quality for this 1986 film doesn't look soft at all (I'm typically vocal about how many '80s films tend to look on Blu-ray), but "Blue Velvet" looks fantastic!<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio and Spanish Mono, French 5.1 DTS.  The lossless soundtrack lends to the eeriness of the film.  Dialogue is crystal clear as is the score by Angelo Badalamenti but the scene where you will hear immersive sound coming from the surround channels is during the Snow Club sequences.  Also, a few moments where LFE is used.<br /><br />Overall, this creepy soundtrack definitely comes to life via lossless!<br /><br />Subtitles are presented in English SDH, Spanish and French.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" comes with the following special feature:<br /><br />  Newly Discovered Lost Footage - (51:42) New to this Blu-ray release is the lost footage that was found (ie. full frontal nudity).  All presented in HD.<br />  Mysteries of Love - (1:10:45) The original making-of featurette presented in standard definition.  Interviews with David Lynch and the cast of "Blue Velvet".<br />  Siskel & Ebert "At the Movies" Review - (1:30) A excerpt of George Siskel and Roger Ebert's review of "Blue Velvet" back in 1986.<br />  Vignettes - Featuring four vignettes (under one minute) "I Like Coffee Shops", "The Chicken Walk", "The Robin" and "Sita" with David Lynch, Kyle MacLachlan, Isabella Rossellini and more.<br />  Theatrical Trailer - (1:33:1)The original theatrical trailer for "Blue Velvet" in HD.<br />  TV Spots - Featuring two TV commercials for "Blue Velvet" (both are about 30 seconds long).<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" is a magnificent, dark and seedy mystery film that showcases David Lynch's ability to take normalcy and twist it it around until it becomes weird or corrupt.  A film that resonates strongly with viewers especially at the time because compared to what American cinema was capable of at the time, "Blue Velvet" lacked the banality of typical American cinema.<br /><br />It was American cinema that showcased surrealism with wonderful efficacy and a storyline that literally creeps the viewer out with its fine performance by Kyle MacLachlan, Isabella Rosellini and most importantly, Dennis Hopper.  Suffice to say, this film was what reignited Hopper's career and earned the actor various film awards (Los Angeles Film Critics Association and National Society of Film Critics) for "Best Supporting Actor".<br /><br />But as I look back at the experience of "Blue Velvet" than and now, it was one of those films that had these flawed characters that could easily be involved in this seedy underworld.  Not only was the nightlife dark and ominous, just the scene as Frank is having sex with Dorothy is shocking.  But also to see Jeffrey being taken to that world where he also experiences pleasure and rage when he ends up in bed with Dorothy.  We witness an innocent man's corruption, where most viewers would expect the protagonist to become sort of hero to save the day, David Lynch is not the type of filmmaker to spoon-feed the viewer with what you would expect from cinema but to deliver the unexpected.  The sense of ambiguous characters in which you literally don't know the film will end.<br /><br />And it would be the style that he would carry on later for television and his films later on.  And as "Eraserhead" was an intriguing debut for David Lynch, "Blue Velvet" is the film that welcomed viewers to David Lynch's world of darkness, strange humor and unsettling surrealness.<br /><br />The Blu-ray release definitely delivers with its inclusion of the newly discovered lost footage and for those who enjoyed the film, could you imagine if any of these extra scenes did make it to the final cut of the film?  And as picture and audio quality are magnificent, I can easily say that this is the definitive version of "Blue Velvet" to date!<br /><br />David Lynch films are not for the squeamish, nor are they for those who expect traditional Hollywood cinema.  This film shocked viewers in 1986 and if you have never seen this film before, I wouldn't be surprised if it shocked you today.  It's a film that holds up quite well 25-years-later and is definitely a film for the true cineaste who love Lynch's work  that they will find worth owning.<br /><br />Highly recommended!
Set in the quiet picture postcard logging community of Lumbertown, Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle MacLachlan), a somewhat naive and squeaky clean college boy, finds a severed human ear. Shocked and disturbed he reports it immediately to the police whilst, with the help of his girlfriend (Laura Dern), he begins his own investigation, which soon leads him into stumbling into the seedy and violent world of abused nightclub singer Dorothy (Isabella Rosellini) and drug-sniffing psychopath (Dennis Hopper). <p>This is the first movie in which David Lynch really showed us all his cards and united themes and imagery, now familiar to millions through the likes of Mulholland Drive, Wild At Heart and Twin Peaks. Although 16 years old, David Lynch's Blue Velvet has lost none of its shock value. It is still deeply and uniquely disturbing, at times incredibly surreal and utterly compelling viewing. Beautifully filmed and directed by Lynch, its aesthetic value is often deliberately at odds with the subject matter and it is a work of dark genius. It also features superb acting performances all round.  In particular, MacLachlan, Rosselinni, Dean Stockwell and Laura Dern shine, but it is Dennis Hopper's magnificent performance as a drug sniffing twisted psychopath that most people will remember.<p>Bizarre and frequently haunting, beautiful but frequently surreal, this is a movie that will stay with you for a very long time and really is a must see!
Blue Velvet may just be the largest Love/Hate Phenomenon in film history. You will either love it or hate. And after seeing the movie again yesterday, it's not hard to see why. The film has several scenes that reach the barrier of what a lot of viewers are willing to take. The movie never lets it's viewers off easily. It is violent, has several scenes that involve female degradation, and a villian who uses the "F" word more times then any character I have ever seen in any movie.<br /><br />This may not sound like an incredible film from my review. And I don't want to waste any space decribing the films main plot. David Lynch films are as unique as it gets. You have to see this film for yourself to decide whether or not you like it.<br /><br />The film does pack some of the most well constructed suspense scenes I have ever seen. It features an incredible performance by Dennis Hopper. But the real reason to see the movie is the look and feel that the dvd version captures perfectly. The colors and imagery of this film will be burned into your retinas for weeks after you've watched it. From things as simple as roses and fire trucks, to underground bugs and construction yards this movie looks beautiful. So my best advice if you've never seen this movie is to rent it first. Like I said, people either love it or hate it, Im part of the former group. Overall Rating:A+
I hated it.  I really did.  I was deeply offended by this film when I first saw it.  It disturbed the hell out of me, in all the wrong ways. <p>Then I saw Lost Highway - a film that, it seems, everyone hated BUT me.  I thought it was a masterpiece of psychological horror; a real mind-bender with an extroardinary interior perspective on homicidal madness.<p>So I got to thinking: maybe I should give Blue Velvet another shot. Maybe I just wasn't ready for it 17 years ago.  This time I would be prepared for Dennis Hopper's demented Frank Booth.  I would be ready for the ear in the field. I would be ready for the unbelievably creepy and kinky scenes in Dorothy's apartment.<p>What I saw was a different film - not because the film had changed, but because I had changed.  A lot can happen in 17 years.  A guy can grow up.  A guy can sense for himself the underbelly of perversion beneath the white-picket facade of middle America.  A guy can come to appreciate a wickedly funny and disturbing film about the hypocrisy of genteel exteriors.  A film like Blue Velvet, in other words.<p>David Lynch's great skill as a director is his ability to aim right for the hind-brain - the unreasoning, alligator brain where the primal self lives.  His work tends to hit there first, and then ricochet to the reasoning self.  That's why his work is so evocative.  Critics and audiences alike struggled to &quot;explain&quot; Mulholland Drive, and while a sensible explanation for it is possible, it sort of misses the point.  These films are waking dreams - or nightmares - that, like paintings or pieces of music, try to touch something deeper than the intellect.  You can't read  a Beethoven symphony like a novel, you can't play Edvard Munch's &quot;The Scream&quot; on a musical instrument, and you can't understand Blue Velvet in terms of ordinary realism.  To do so is to run screaming from it in terror or disgust, as I initially did.<p>But taken for what it is - a kind meditation on the darkness inside - you start to see the outragousness of this film in a different light.  You start to see that the characters are not so much two-dimensional freaks as they are embodiments of primal forces we all have inside of us. In Frued's moth-eaten old psychoanylitic terms (really a poor way of approximating, but it's the best I can do), Frank Booth is the hedonistic Id.  Sandy Williams (Laura Dern) is the pure and virtuous Superego, and Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle McLaughlin) is the ego - the waking part of us torn between the two.<p>Of course, this is a Reductionist view, and it really does disservice to the artistic acheivement of Blue Velvet.  To really appreciate it, one needs to set aside preconceptions and let the experience of it percolate through that gray matter.<p>The DVD itself is well produced, with some nice extras (rare on Lynch DVDs), and a beautiful film transfer that really showcases Frederick Elmes' cinematography.<p>If you're a David Lynch fan, you don't need convincing.  If you're where I was 17 years ago, give it another shot.  You might just like it. A lot.
Although I was once inclined to agree with Roger Ebert's dismissal of "Blue Velvet" as a shocking albeit skillful montage of pointless images and effects, I've had to do a 360 turnaround after seeing it on DVD and reconsidering it in relation to some similar texts.  The film certainly makes sense in comparison with a quest narrative such as Hawthorne's "Young Goodman Brown" and in light of Freud's ideas about love as well as Nietzsche's thoughts on the Dionysian self.  It's also a film that pays constant homage to Hitchcock's best work, notably "Rear Window" and "Psycho," in its preoccupation with spectator psychology.<p>The most important lines occur early in the film when the protagonist, Kyle MacLachlan, tells Laura Dern that he needs to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding Isabella Rosselli because "knowledge requires risk" but with the possible reward that "you might learn something." By the end of the narrative, MacLachlan's character should have learned a lot, but here's where Lynch flinches, much like Robert Altman in the conclusion to "The Player." MacLachlan emerges neither a sadder nor wiser man from his rite of passage and his descent into the dark corners of the psyche. Instead, Lynch cynically reprises the film's innocent opening with its hopelessly artificial, Pollyannish, pastoral idyl that is most likely the preferred reality of the American mainstream movie consumer.  At the same time, he preserves the tenuousness of such a naive vision with the shot of an insect impaled on a robin's beak and with a soundtrack that subjects the theme song to a disturbing treatment out of some internal, subterranean sound studio.<p>The film's meanings are inexhaustible, though a few important details should not be missed.  Jeff confronts, first, mortality (his father stricken by a life-threatening stroke), then a severed, decaying human ear. The ear, the organ of hearing, is also the sense that fully awakens only in the dark, granting access to the Dionysian, deep intuitive wellsprings of the self. But the ear we see on screen has become a diseased, useless instrument in a "sunny" culture whose idea of music is Bobby Vinton's version of "Blue Velvet." Rossellini's alternative version of the song, with all of its sensuous, alluring darkness, will draw MacLachlan in to the same degree that it repells girl friend Dern (contrast this relationship with that of Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly in "Rear Window," where Kelly becomes increasingly drawn to the voyeuristic and "ghoulish" activity initiated by Stewart). Soon MacLaclan will discover the love substitutes embodied by both Rossellini and Hopper--the sadism and masochism, fetishism and scopophilia that, like it or not, are present in every son and daughter who has inherited from birth and learned from upbringing the pleasure/pain principle that underlies even the most well-intentioned, "selfless" love (the absence of any shown feelings between MacLaclan and either parent is another tip-off to the basis of his attraction to the dominitrix/sex slave character played by Rossellini). <p>As for the "villain," the foul-mouthed Dennis Hopper did not seem so frightening or repelling to me on this viewing.  If anything, he's less the personification of evil than another version of insecure, overcompensating macho desire, perhaps better seen as a projection of the searching MacLachlan than as anybody's nemesis.<p>Lynch must know the risk, and even believe in the necessity, of coming to terms with the feelings of a darker but far from inauthentic self.  MacLaclan tells the naive, shielded and conventional Dern from the beginning that it's extremely dangerous business. But the alternative is a Salem where everybody is "good," a Lumberton where people get sick but never die, a Disney fantasy that can exist only in artificial movies.  I still think that "Blue Velvet" (in fact, most any other film since 1980) is eclipsed by his own "Elephant Man," where the camera takes us into the eye-hole and interior world of John Merrick, whose world we discover is also ours.  But "Blue Velvet" is a more personal film, revealing not simply the mind of its creator but capturing a distinctively American experience.
David Lynch is without a doubt  the most brilliant talent in the movie business. His movies are always crafted with intelligence and bizarre creativity. &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; is one of the most original and  fascinating movies I've ever seen. It is dark, funny, and very disturbing.  The seemingly perfect town has an eerie sense of similarity to small towns  everywhere. Nothing out of the ordinary on the surface of this littlle  place, but underneath lies something far more sinister. A lounge singer's  husband and son have been kidnapped by a lunatic and he wants this poor  woman to perform sexual tasks for him. And in the middle of this is an  innocent and curious college student who's life is altered forever when he  discovers the secrets. He falls for this abused woman who is coming apart  from the terrible tragedy that she has endured. Can he help? Will the  madman have mercy and let her family go?  This film is a fantastic look at  the suffers ordinary people have to survive when unordianry circumstances  are thrown their way. David Lynch is a master of modern art. He shatters  molds and boundries and has become the most creative and talented director  in film.
I was as excited about this SE release as anyone.  The extra I was most looking forward to (like anyone else) were the "deleted scenes".  I got the disc early and that's the first place I went.  When you select this feature you get some diatribe about how two hours of footage was lost.  You then get a montage of studio stills set to creepy music.  No dialogue, no explanation, no commentary, nothing.  It's nice for novelty sake, but I think it's misleading to call them "scenes" which were deleted.  It should have been called "stills from scenes which were deleted".  The documentary is GREAT which features new interviews with the stars spliced with old interviews with Lynch. The transfer is beautiful and the sound (5.1) is a definite improvement over the previous release.  At the end of the day, the transfer, sound, and documentary is Heineken.  The deleted scenes are Pabst Blue Ribbon.
David Lynch is not a director that's easily acceptable or digestable to all. He appeals to a select few that share in a particular taste and look for something more challenging than traditional multiplex fare. His films do not allow for passive viewing or popcorn munching- they demand you to be in tune to every stimulus and many hours of thought and conversation after the experience has ended.<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" is maybe the best of his films for the reason that it's more accesible than "Eraserhead", better than almost everything else (with "Mulholland Drive" in contention), and features maybe the greatest villian in movie history.<br /><br />What I love about this movie is that at its core it's very much a love story, though an unconventional one. It's a waking nightmare about obsession. There is a message about heartbreak and longing that "The Notebook" and "Pretty Woman" could never come close to touching.<br /><br />The movie is not as strange or inaccessible as people would have you believe. It just doesn't allow for comfortable or lazy viewing.
(...)<br /><br />Blue Velvet comes from my collection of Chinese bootlegs. My sister Bethany and her husband Brian are teaching English in China. Apparently you can purchase a wide assortment of DVD's there very cheaply. So I supply them with big lists of movies I'd like and when they come home they bring me a big stack. There are never any special features on the DVD's, but the picture is usually good and for $1 a piece, that's all I need.<br /><br />Blue Velvet is dark, scary, freaky, and really good. Which is how you cold describe most of David Lynch's films. His films are often filled with symbolism and it is easy to finish one of his films and have no real idea of what actually happened. They usually take two or three viewings, and a little research to get a good idea what the movie is actually trying to convey. Blue Velvet has a simpler plot that can generally be understood at a basic level upon first viewing, but there is plenty of symbolism and deeper meaning to make it "enjoyable" for further viewings. I put enjoyable in quotation marks because to many watching it is not an enjoyable experience. It is a movie deep seated in horror, with scenes that make you crawl under the covers and lock the doors. For the cinephile it is a type of pleasure to watch a lurid piece of cinema with enough depth to require multiple viewings. For the weekend movie watcher it is probably too much to stomach.<br /><br />The film starts with an idyllic, picturesque small town. It's a town where every day has blue skies, manicured lawns, pretty flowers, and quiet simple people. Lynch fills the screen with gorgeous pictures straight out of fifties television shows. But this is a David Lynch movie and the pretty pictures don't last long. Quickly a nice old man who is watering his lawn falls down near death. The camera pans down past the convulsing man and deep into the grass. Digging into the earth until the camera is dark with freshly wet dirt and grotesque bugs. The idyllic town is only pretty on the surface. Underneath the top layer of goodness lies a darker, seedier town hidden from the eyes of most of its citizens.<br /><br />The plot of the film revolves around Kyle MacLachlan and Laura Dern delving deeper and deeper into the darker side of the small town. MacLachlan finds a dismembered ear on his walk home from the hospital one afternoon. Finding such a macabre in his hometown sparks a quest to discover who's head the ear could belong to and why it was removed. He involves the good girl Laura Dern in his quest and they sink into darker waters. To tell more of the plot is to give away too much. I'll just say that it is not for the weak of heart.<br /><br />Dennis Hopper plays one of cinemas creepiest villains to date. His psychosis is even more terrifying in that it is so real. Here is no Freddy Krueger, or even a Hannibal Lector. This is not some crazed psychopath lurking in the corner. Sure he is psychotic, and maniacal, but versions of him can be found almost nightly in any major city newspaper. He is not a homicidal maniac, but a violent, evil man made even more so by his addiction to unnamed drugs.<br /><br />Isabella Rossellini plays Dorothy Valens with such beauty and sadness it breaks your heart as it squirms your stomach. Her character has taken such horrible abuse over her life she has come to like and enjoy it. Mixed with heavy amounts masochism her performance is remarkable.<br /><br />There were several times while watching this with my wife, Amy that she said she couldn't keep watching it. After the credits rolled she said she would never watch it again. I suspect this is the sentiments of many viewers after watching Blue Velvet. But if you can stomach the violence, masochism and overall creepiness there is a lot of pure cinema to study.<br /><br />(...)
This is a great movie!  I recommend it to anyone not afraid of seeing something different.  However, I must plead with the filmmakers to release another DVD with more features.  Commentary, interviews, deleted scenes, anything!  This is one of those movies that lives on in the imagination long after you see it, and I am dying to here a real commentary by David Lynch about what it means to him.
With eraserhead, the elephant man, and failed sci-fi epic Dune behind him, Lynch finally became what we associate him with today. In this movie he capture the unsecurity, hidden strangeness and illusionary safeness of &quot;Any Town USA&quot;. It's a meeting of surreal, almost kafka-like labyrint fantasy and fifties-styled small town noir.<br />The evil gangster leader (played by Dennis Hopper) bares smultarity with later Lynch monsters, for exampel BOB in twin peaks, and the mafia boss in Lost Highway.<p>It's a thriller seen from the perspective of the naiv voyaeur. A thriller that does'nt give either psychological, political or social explenetaions, but rather scares us with it's total silence.<br />When the movie is over, we can't really find out if the story is over. It ends where it begins, happy and colourful. But the little happy bird singing in the last scene is actually a mecanic toy.<br />Where do we go from now?
BLUE VELVET is one of the greatest horror films. As a portrait of madness, it ranks above something like SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, for its principal madman is far more mundane and far less easy to understand than any clinically-described serial killer. David Lynch proved, with this film, that he is one of the world's best movie makers. I never fail to be amazed by this movie. The performances are excellent, each and every one, especially those by Laura Dern, Isabella Rosselini, Kyle Maclachlan, and the unbelievably frightening personna of Frank Booth as portrayed by Dennis Hopper, in what is likely his best film performance. Jack Nance and Brad Dourif have creepy roles as Hopper's side-kicks. If you've never seen this one, I heartily recommend it.
This film is just plain amazing. Dennis Hopper's performance as Frank Booth is wonderful, along with Isabella Rossellini and Kyle MacLachlan who also star in this sick, twisted story viewed through the artistic eye of director, David Lynch...the story progresses into one of the strangest endings ever on film. Frank Booth is probably the greatest and coolest &quot;bad guy&quot; in any crime-drama film. Definitely worth every cent to buy this DVD.
..Blue Velvet..and so goes the title song. Bkue Velvet is a kind of movie  that, when it's watched on a surface is nothing more then a simplistic  detective thriller. But it is so much more, if you view this film with an  open mind and a keen eye you will be blown away by it's meriad of  subliminal metaphors and cryptic symbolism. A movie that will leave you  feeling a bit uneasy, yet satisfied, you will feel somethin after you see  Blue Velvet. David Lynch has a way about his films that draws you in and  never lets go, you are no longer sitting comfotably in your living room  chair, but instead you are thrust in to take on Denis Hopper's pure wrath  and evil and to weep for Donny..Blue Velvet will move you, wether you want  it to, or not.
A must have for any movie collection.  Beware:  Don't watch this movie when smoking weed:[
This is quintessential Lynch.  The characters are spellbinding.  The story is captivating.  It lacks the circular motif that appears so strongly in later works.  The film is unmistakably Lynch, but is likely to be appreciated by non-Lynch fans as well.<br /><br />Kyle MacLachlan is his usual self.  I find him to be consistently and dependably good.<br /><br />Anthony Hopkins delivers what I consider to be his most memorable performance.  His character achieves proportions that have been burned an impression in my mind that only deepens as I get older.<br /><br />This is a keeper.
It's odd how I got around to David Lynch.  I'd just started hanging out with the guy who is now my best friend and he borrowed me a VHS (remember them things?) copy of Wild at Heart.  Well, the head bashing was nice, but I couldn't make it through more than 30 minutes.  After that it kind of faded, I didn't even know the director at the time.<br /><br />Fast forward to the release of Mulholland Dr.  My interest peaks, and is more than saturated with an overabundance of intense metaphorical symbols and brilliant casting.  So, I rent Blue Velvet and, my god, I got what I got from M.D. times 100.<br /><br />Blue Velvet is, more or less, like watching a nightmare, like if Bunuel had raped Hitchcock after he had raped Herzog, or something along those lines.<br /><br />This is what a gripping movie should be; intelligent, well written, and when it's over you think to yourself, "wait, it's over already, DAMNIT, GIMME MORE!" (apparently it was originally around 4 hours long, but all the missing stuff has long since disappeared.)<br /><br />The story is simple, and noirish, in the fact that it's a simple young man entering a world he had no clue existed, being shoved into the absurd, vile and deranged world of one particular fellow by the name of Frank, and his victims.<br /><br />After my initial viewing of Blue Velvet I went for more Lynch; I was not disappointed in anything I saw, save for, haha, Wild at Heart which, to this day, I've not been able to get all the way through.  I can't help it, I hate Cage, I hate Elvis and I hate the Wizard of Oz.  I haven't seen Dune, and don't think I ever will...<br /><br />I've seen Blue Velvet, i think, 4 times now, and I plan to view it many more times in the future.<br /><br />and an additional note, Brad Dourif has THE coolest laugh ever.
This is simply the best movie David Lynch has ever directed, and Laura Dern, Kyle Mac Lachlan, Dennis Hopper and Isabella Rosellini (Ingrid Bergman and Roberto Rosellini's daughter) play their parts as good as one can presume they were able to.
those familiar with david lynch will be hardly persuaded by the the ironic beauty and tragedy presented here. Isabella Rossileni (I thought I had a cool name) sure does look great in cotton shorts and tiled with hickeys. Dream. When school boy "Jeffrey" finds severed human ear in lot, he takes it police. He is not a suspect (sure!). "Jeffrey" meets high school girl - her dad is the detective on the case - and they become fast lovers. Flinging into the mystery with an undignified zeal, "Jeffrey Beaumont", breaks into this [girl's] crib and hides in the closet. Peeping out the slides, he witnesses brutality and humiliation. He des nothing. She discovers im and gives him a lesson in sexual tortue. He acts like he doesn't care. All jaded, etc. Chase to the end>>>>> When someone gets shot in the head, usually they fall down. Right? Not in this movie they don't. They stand there for a bit and gurggle blood. There is no resolve. One cannot figure out who is the good guy, who is the bad guy. chason pour les petites enfants!
David Lynch's &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; is a symbolically rich, masterfully crafted work, depicting the coexistence of two seemingly diametrical worlds with icy and compelling juxtaposition.  Beneath the normal, kin- and  friendship-oriented world of small town America, Lynch delivers a haunting  and terrible (but inexplicably fascinating) world of evil and corruption.  The complex relationship between these two realms is unified by a rather  simple mystery-detective plot, but, like the opening montage, this  ultimately gives way to a premise of greater depth and complexity.  Without summarizing plot, one could argue that the central characters in  this tableau are representative of each world in some way: Jeffrey Beaumont  (Kyle Maclachlan), the college student and amateur detective whose  seemingly innocent curiosities lead him into the complicated underworld  where they evolve into voyeurism and compulsion; Dorothy Vallens (Isabella  Rossellini), the tormented lounge singer whose familial ties to illicit  affairs have forced and trapped her in this underworld; Sandy Williams  (played in an almost-painful-to-watch-at-times manner by Laura Dern),  Beaumont's budding romantic interest who is willing to help her too-curious  friend but remains morally and psychologically rooted in the positive  &quot;surface&quot; world; Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper), Dorothy's tormentor  and blackmailer, and the terrifying, twisted villain who exemplifies the  negativity of the underworld.  The relations between these characters serve  as the foundation for juxtaposing the two worlds, a contrast which is  strengthened by the frequent use of symbols and subtleties (e.g. color and  lighting, sometimes surreal placement of characters on the screen, the  heavy profanity of Frank).  The main underlying idea is certainly a  haunting one: behind every facade and every seemingly normal appearance is  an existence of a deviant nature.  I do not believe that Blue Velvet is a  perfect film, though: even though its story is complex and difficult to  assemble it often progresses conspicuously slowly and unevenly.  The film  presents several jarring and somewhat confusing breaks of flow over its  124-minute duration.  Several important scenes are depicted in brief shots  and, in the spirit of the underworld that the film illustrates, low light.  Similarly, many lines are whispered.  While some of these effects are  essential to the artistic aspirations of the film, it may be difficult for  the viewer to perceive all of them.  A second viewing is often necessary,  but, unless a viewer cannot endure this film, a second viewing is probably  inevitable.  Criticisms notwithstanding, Blue Velvet is probably my  favorite film (if I had to choose one), and definitely one that I would  recommend.
This movie glues you to your seat through out its play time; but only for the first time. Its not for repeated viewing.  I bought this movie because i found it in the "top 100 hollywood movies" list. I don't think i am going to watch it again for another year.The movie is good but its overrated. So rent it and enjoy it and get rid of the Blue Velvet. I also bought this movie because i heard lot about "the weiredest" Dennis Hopper, but i think thats his normal state and does what he always do - GOES CRAZY.
Without doubt, one of the most important chapters of modern americancinema and along with Raging Bull stand as the one of the best films of the past 20 years!....David Lynch is definetly the father of modern surealism!
Lynch subverts the logical paradigm in high style with a lovely piece of neon noise starring the LOVELY Isaballa Rosellini. It is a beautiful mish mash of colliding worlds where no normal reconcilliation can be found. Crazy people doing CRAZY things behind every door, under every floor, where sanity is a sign of weakness, and love an article of trade. Not so much shocking as stimulating, not so much viscious as visceral... worth watching.
It's really just another week in the South, folks.  <p>We all carry on like this down here.  I can send you all the Franks and Bens and Dorothys you would ever want to meet direct from North Carolina (where Lynch filmed this classic).  This fact used to really amuse me in LA where I saw this back in 1986, and everyone then and there thought Lynch had invented some sci-fi world.  Oh, Lynch had definitely taken sharp, genius note of smalltown America in the South: that is what makes an artist good.  <p>But 'Blue Velvet' is REAL, folks, just in case you've been stuck in Visalia or San Diego all of your life with all of those colorless people pretending so hard to look and feel like a Gap ad.<p>None of this should be taken to mean that BLUE VELVET is anything less than a wonderful black comedy packed with brilliant moments of poetry, cinematic fireworks, and slippery kitsch. There are few moments in comedy/surrealism to equal Dean Stockwell lipsynching to Orbison's &quot;In Dreams&quot;, or Dennis Hopper repeating the same lyrics to Kyle McLachlan before he smears the kid with lipstick and sneers &quot;Pretty! Pretty! Pretty!&quot;<p>Lynch's tale is also a rather acute evisceration of a psychosexual journey in the mind of a young man, Jeffrey Beaumont (Beaumont means of course, &quot;beautiful mountain&quot;, or &quot;beautiful view&quot; even).  He meets Dorothy Valens (self-explanatory), and is visited by his blond siren, gal pal Sandy (the Goddess Cassandra, of course.)  BLUE VELVET is ripe with readings and references.<p>Lynch's is a wonderful achievement in having a good, wild time at the movies.  Wasn't this one of the few films of the 80s or 90s that even managed to pull one completely into its dream? For me it was.  Most junk today is just passive eyecandy, face it.<p>'Ben, you are so suaaaaave.'  <p>'Frank, stop it!! Yes! I like to sing Blue Velvet! Mommy Loves You!'<p>BUY IT NOW!
I first heard about this movie from Entertainment Weekly's special &quot;The 100 Greatest Movies of All Time&quot; book, which listed Blue Velvet as number 37 (putting it above masterpieces like Schindler's List, Apocalypse Now, Taxi Driver, North By Northwest, and many others).  So I got it and watched it a couple of times, and now I'm at a loss to say what I think about it.  I'll start by saying that EW is very, very wrong about Blue Velvet being the 37th best movie ever made; that's just ridiculous.  Certainly the film has moments of greatness, especially when Dennis Hopper shows up, but there are too many stretches that just aren't entertaining or interesting at all.  It starts out extremely well, with a few tongue-in-cheek shots of ludicrous suburban happiness giving way to insects eating each other just beneath the surface of the perfectly tended grass; this easily could have been the beginning of a brilliant dark comedy about the dishonesty and pretension of middle-class America.  But then it stops being funny and starts just being weird nonsense that perhaps has meaning for David Lynch but can never be fully understood by anyone else.  The film doesn't know if it wants to be a satire or a serious drama or just a collection of impressionistic images like Lynch's Eraserhead, so it just ends up being boring.  I was dozing pretty much all through the scene late in the film where MachLachlan and Dern dance and kiss.  And as beautiful as the cinematography and directing are (it's worth seeing at least once), I really don't see why so many critics and fans love Blue Velvet so much.  It's just an okay movie that had a lot of potential but couldn't make up its mind about what it wanted to say.  I wanted it to be more than that, but that's really all it is.
I have seen the UK version of this DVD, the quality is terrible, as bad as the oldest VHS, chroma bleed and noise destroyed that DVD.  I can only hope that the US encoders do not use the same ratty old VHS to master from that  the UK people obviously used.  This is complete shame as this is one of  Hoppers' great manic moments, the tension present in the film is ever  present and awesome.  5 stars for the film, none for the UK encoding
The opening to the film is definitely a great hook.  Taking shots of a comically clich&eacute; suburban area is set perfectly to be destroyed.  After two minutes, you'll be dying to find out how the whole movie ends.  Kyle MacLachlan (who you may notice as Charlotte&#65533;s ex-husband from "Sex and the City") opens the film in the usual way that Lynch does so well; slowly.<p>After visiting his father in the hospital, he heads home across a field, and while looking for rocks to throw, finds a severed human ear.  Though he takes it to a police officer, things don't begin to smooth out.  He's shut-off from the case, so his only information comes from the daughter of the officer to whom he entrusted the ear to, played by Laura Dern, who assists him in trying to unlock the mystery.  It's a normal Lynch picture after that, which is to me, a good thing; a sinister mystery, with intriguing characters that seem to know much more than they're saying.  <p>One of the films main weaknesses is that it was made in the 80&#65533;s and BOY can you tell.  Isabella Rossellini&#65533;s poofy, stupid hair is perhaps responsible for making this movie less than it could have been.  The sex scenes are comic, and unrealistic.  I found myself laughing with reckless abandon when Rossellini demands MacLachlan take off his clothes at knife-point.  I&#65533;m not immature; I didn&#65533;t laugh at the same line in &#65533;Eyes Wide Shut&#65533;.<p>Also, the last half hour or so is DEEPLY disappointing.  At first, the movie was twisting and turning more dangerously than a poorly constructed carnival ride (in a good way).  Then, we move into the boring finale.  It&#65533;s about as surprising as a Scooby-Doo episode; it&#65533;s exactly who you think it will be, and there&#65533;s really no surprises.  Scooby-Doo at least TRIED to make you think it was someone else.  Here, it&#65533;s like having someone fall asleep on you, just before you both climax.  <p>See &#65533;Eyes Wide Shut&#65533; instead.
Blue Velvet is like one young man's giant fantasy come true.  Think Summer of '42 - but ten times weirder and more sexual - and you'll get the picture.<p>Kyle Maclachlan (Jeff) comes home from college and discovers a severed ear being eaten by ants in a field.  He becomes embroiled in a mystery that he attempts to solve - and does.  Along the way, he gets involved with two gorgeous women; one a cute-as-roses high school girl played sweetly by a young Laura Dern, the other a sultry nightclub siren who likes her sex rough and who is portrayed deliciously by the unforgettable (and nicely breasted) Isabella Rosellini.  Using his boyish charm, he coaxes both to fall in love with him - and he manages to bed one of them.  (Guess.)  Both of their boyfriends get [angry]; one of whom beats him up - badly!  Yet he recovers quite fully.  <p>Compared to David Lynch's more recent work, Mullholland Drive, Blue Velvet is fairly linear in its storyline.  Both, in their fashion, push the envelope of acceptable male fantasies.  In the `80's it was sado-masochism.  Today, it's lesbianism.<p>The story reaches a climactic conclusion.  We get to see Miss Rossellini completely naked..., and we get to watch Jeff, our hero, blow Dennis Hopper's brains messily across the living room floor.  Despite enduring a nude Isabella pawing him uncontrollably, Laura still loves him - and marries him.  So everyone gets to live happily-ever-after.<p>Blue Velvet - which uses the song poignantly - is unforgettable.  Don't miss it!
Very suspensful, well filmed and just a great film altogether. It has some pretty disturbing imagery and Dennis Hopper is pretty damn insane as usual, but he adds everything to this film. If you agree with what I am saying then I highly HIGHLY recommend Red Rock West. Another very cool thriller with Hopper and Nicholas Cage. Enjoy!
I've always loved David Lynch (ever since i first laid eyes on Twin Peaks). Kyle Maclachlan is a great on screen presence,and every character(in true Lynchian style) is superb. If you are one for strange and ground breaking, you will instanly fall into this with wide eyes and wide mouth.
David Lynch is not weird.  This is what we like to call &quot;an everyday story&quot; with &quot;everyday people&quot;.  I guess it seems weird since the quality level is where it should be.  Boobytrap.
Director David Lynch's "Blue Velvet", a definite moiety of the theatre of the absurd, puzzles me as to what relevance it has to any sense of reality.  Lynch gets kudos for his ability to shock the viewer with his bizarre characterizations and plot but to consider this film a masterpiece is a stretch.<br /><br />Frequent Lynch troupe member Kyle MacLachlan plays Jeffrey Beaumont a straight laced college boy and inhabitant of small town Lumberton.  He's brought home owing to an accident and subsequent hospitalization of his father.  Strolling home after a visit with his dad, in a field nearby his home he discovers a severed human ear lying in the grass.  He brings it to the local police detective Williams but is intrigued by the mystery of it's presence.<br /><br />He soon meets up with Det. Williams high school hottie daughter Sandy played by Laura Dern.  She tells MacLachlan that her father has suspicions that the ear is somehow connected to a gal that leaves in an apartment near to the field.  In a sophomoric bit of snooping they decide to break into her apartment.  While inside MacLachlan has to hide in the closet as she unexpectedly comes back home.  The gal is a frazzled local night club singer played by Isabella Rossellini.  From his hiding spot he observes the arrival of Dennis Hopper, who is excellent in this movie, playing drug addled sadistic psycho Frank Booth.  Hopper who apparently has kidnapped Rossellini's husband and son, has forced her to be his sex slave.  After slapping her around for awhile and indulging in some depraved sexual byplay, he departs after threatening her.<br /><br />The shocked MacLachlan feels sympathy for Rossellini.  He gets more deeply involved in a sick, perverted world that exists just below the surface of this sleepy, typical middle American town as he investigates the strange goings on around town.  He gets more than he bargained for as he and Dern experience the crazed world created by the evil Hopper.<br /><br />As an aside, Dean Stockwell is amusing as a heavily made up pimp of a bordello frequented by his good friend Hopper.  In addition infrequent screen presence Brad Dourif of "One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest" has a bit part in this weird flick.
As usual David Lynch is weird as hell. Dennis Hopper is weird as hell. Kyle MacLachlan is weird as hell. Isabella Rosellini is beautiful... and weird as hell. Severed ear... ants...Frank Booth... &quot;what's your name neighbor?&quot; If you like weird movies and want to count how many times Dennis Hopper says the F word then this movie is for you. Lynch is a very, very strange man. Dennis Hoppers as the gas sniffing, mommy fetishist with a thing for blue velvet (the song and the cloth) is very menacing. One &quot;F'd&quot; up movie.
David lynch's Blue velvet is a cinematic masterpiece the photography by Frederick Elmes is simply amazing. The DVD is not bad either good sound and picture and thats all you need for this film. I am very surprized this film didn't get a NC-17 rating it should of but thats the Mpaa. for ya. I recommend this film to everyone who likes disturbing films. Warning: This film contains strong sex scens,rape scens,and strong violence and language.
When I saw this movie I had no idea who Isabella Rossallini was but as soon as I saw her there was no possible doubt in my mind who her mother was. Well this film is not Casablanca but I keep it on the same shelf.
I would love to delve into David Lynch's mind for a few days, weeks or months. He is amazing. Blue Velvet raises all sorts of questions; from the rape scene (which could be seen as either very disturbing or absolutely hilarious) to Kyle McLachlan struggling with the idea of hitting a woman (who appear to enjoy it).<br /><br />Overall, very erotic and entertaining.
The most controversial film of the 80's, David Lynch's &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; is a two hour long dark joke.<p>People either get it or they don't which accounts for the fact that people either love this film or completely despise it.<p>What more can anyone ask of a movie that has Dean Stockwell in drag, lip-synching Roy Orbison's &quot;In Dreams,&quot; while a deranged Dennis Hopper mouths the words, his face contorted in pain, not mention Ketty Lester's record of &quot;Love Letters&quot; used as a backdrop to a viewing of two mutalated corpses.<p>Like Scorsese, Lynch knows the power of pop music and how it can be used in the most inverted ways to enchance the power of film.<p>Too bad Lynch doesn't like to re-visit his old work...we could use a new DVD edition of &quot;Velvet&quot; with director's commentary added.<p>To sum it all up; no one can ever confuse any frame of &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; with any other movie.<p>It's a complete original.
One of the greatest movies ever made.  A must have for any film lover.  Only the most cynical and moronic critics pan this masterpiece.  Bad reviews from film school dropouts make me sick.  Take your sour grapes and go lambaste Bresson or Godard.  Lynch is the only true artist working in film today and BLUE VELVET marks the pinnacle of his career.
Why isn't this amazing film released in DVD yet? Let's go! I'll pay top dollar.
I loved Mulholland Drive so next on the "Lynch" list for me was Blue Velvet. It started off with some interesting things happening but just sort of spun its wheels and rather abruptly ended with a pretty standard, pre-canned movie ending that took some steam out of it so to speak.<br /><br />The acting was OK. Laura Dern looks damned young here...and, well, she was young here.  The problem is that her acting wasnt very polished. She has grown leaps and bounds since this so thats good.  Kyle McLauchlin was decent but he didnt have any or portray any of that small-town goodness which he needed to show more of to be more believable and to add a sense of "wow" to this whole caper. Dennis Hopper was his usual obnoxious self.  He had some funny moments but became rather annoying towards the end as his crazy guy "act" was becoming tiresome.  Isabella Rosellini is pretty hot and does a great job with a very tough role so hats off to her. She was easily the best character in the movie.<br /><br />The plot grabbed me from the beginning but nothing really came of it. It just sort of built itself up and then dissolved into the same old stuff without much fanfare. I was expecting some more interesting twists (like Mulholland Drive) or at least a little deeper plot arc.  It never came though and before I knew it it was over and that was that. Nothing really notable or revealing here, just a pretty basic movie. I get the whole "Even in small-town USA there are crazy thing going on" message but to be honest, maybe the film doesnt age well since nothing I saw was even that amazingly bad or disturbing. The "rape" scene had its "ohhhhh" moments but even that had some tongue-in-cheek(meant to be silly) antics which killed the "horror" of it or the "disturbing" nature of it.<br /><br />Go ahead and try it out but I was rather underwhelmed by this effort and after the mind-blowing Mulholland Drive, this was mostly a let-down.<br /><br />Only Recommended as a rental...
This movie wasn't near as disturbing as I had hoped.  I was actually bored during quite a few scenes.  It would have been better if I hadn't expected so much, from reading all sorts of reviews.  I'm actually watching the end of it right now while I'm writing this review, that's how interested I am. lol  Oh, well.
This film, in my opinon will entertain you. But to put it up there with some of my other four and five star film's would be wrong.<br />The story line is pretty good, the acting did for the most part, carry the film for as good as it was written.<br />I do think that the director tried to accomplish too much in too many area's.<br />If they had just stuck with the story line and amplified that, it may of done better with the general public as well.<br />But, as I said, it will keep your interest, and you should enjoy it for what it is... &quot; A good movie&quot;.. not a great or an awesome movie...
Still a ground breaking film. I will never grow tried of this dark story.<br /><br />The documentary included on the DVD adds another level to this work.<br /><br />David Lynch is a under valued artist in our country.
&quot;this  is  it&quot;  How could a movie with such a slow first 30 min explode into a nightmarefest?  This is the film to watch to find out!!!!!  The gangs all here/// Frank Booth, the mask inhaling, ultra foul mouthed, kidnapping, murderous, and downright un~best friend you could ever have, compiled with Jack &quot;My name's Paul&quot;<br />(Eraserhead) Nance, Brad Dourif (Chucky the doll), MacLachlan, Dern, Rossellini, and did I mention Dennis Hopper/Frank Booth????<br />You cant miss this/////// It's just one of those films you may remember forever. I watch it every few years from VHS to DVD and still watch the &quot;GOOD&quot; scenes!!! Put down that copy of Scream 3<br />and watch this!!!!!
What has to be David Lynch's best film, but Lost Highway is a close contender, is the best study of suburbia ever seen in movies up till AMERICAN BEAUTY. With beautiful shots of the Midwestern countryside and  great performances from Rossellini and Hopper, this movie is undeniably  weird but undeniably great.
I just purchased this movie from amazon and just got done watching it and this is definetly no masterpiece like the reviews on hear that i read. It is definetly bizarre and stupid at times like the reviews say but this is nothing great.i found alot of parts of the movie to be boring and dragged on n on.I love films that are controversial and bizarre at times but this movie was just out there, not in a good way either in a boring stupid crazy way. It just wasnt good. I admit the charachters did a great job portraying a bunch of insane people and played thier roles well but i just didnt think the story was that great. I gave it 3 stars cause it had somthing going for it but basically it was boring and that annoying blue velvet song i couldnt wait for the movie to end- oh yea and to the reviewer who said ( people dont get the film or understand it) - i understood it and it was still boring and the story nothing knew or great. I dont know what all the hype behind this movie is about- all it was was a wierd mystery story with insane characters who i felt no sympathy for at all and i didnt enjoy watching them either-they didnt interest me at all only the kyle macglachlan character.my opinion is either skip it or just rent it or see it once then decide.
Blue Velvet would be an interesting movie if it wasn't so confusing. As I watched it, I couldn't figure out what was going on. The whole plot itself  was a little weak, but the performances of Isabella Rossellini, Dennis  Hopper, and Laura Dern were great. Maybe it's just one of those movies that  you either love or you hate.
This one is for those Tom Hanks/Meg Ryan fans. Comparable to 'Shakespeare in Love.'
Dennis Hopper is a Great actor, Kyle McLachlan is better than average.  But why they would agree to be in this weird, confusing movie is beyond me.  Why does Kyle sleep with Rosselini when he already has a girlfriend?  And  when he knows he could be killed at her house if Frank shows up?  Yes, this  was the weirdest movie I have ever seen, weirder than Existenz or a  Clockwork Orange.  I didn't think the plot was very developed, I though the  motivation for the characters' action went mostly unexplained, and I did  not understand why so many people love this movie...But if you do love it,  good for you - at least Lynch has made some people happy.  I am just  voicing my opinion, not putting down anyone who loves this film.  Like some  have said, this film is not for everyone.  I give it 2 stars (instead of 1)  because it was original, even though I didn't like it, and Dennis Hopper  was convincing as the villain.
I suppose that most of you who are contemplating on purchasing this DVD version of Lynch&#65533;s BLUE VELVET will have already seen the film. This isn&#65533;t exactly a window-shopper&#65533;s item. Therefore this is just a comment on the DVD and not the film. You can read my thoughts on the film elsewhere on this page, if you&#65533;re interested.<p>The film is presented in fullscreen (4 : 3 ratio). I must admit that I don&#65533;t really know if the film was ever shot in widescreen (there&#65533;s a good chance that it never was), but I know that a lot of eighties movies that are available in widescreen are popping up in fullscreen on DVD. The picture quality is not very good. It&#65533;s fuzzy and it reminds you too much of VHS. The sound is presented in simple stereo. I&#65533;ve heard rumors that they&#65533;ve been planning to launch a 5.1 surround version on DVD. I would definitely try to check out that rumor before purchasing this DVD. When it come&#65533;s to the extras, there&#65533;s really not much too say. We&#65533;re given a few photographs from the production, but most of these pictures seem to be taken straight out of the movie, so they&#65533;re not really that interesting (I think David Lynch only appear on one photo). It would have been nice if they&#65533;d added a commentary by Lynch and the cast (I for one would really have loved that) or some behind-the-scenes documentary, but no such luck. But we are given a &#65533;collectible making-of booklet&#65533;, though it sounds much more exiting that what it really is. It&#65533;s nothing more than a few pages that chronicles Lynch&#65533;s career. There&#65533;s nothing there that a Lynch fan don&#65533;t already know.<p>So, in conclusion, if you already have this film on VHS there&#65533;s no point in buying this DVD version, and if you don&#65533;t have it on VHS you might as well buy the VHS version because it&#65533;s cheaper and the two versions don&#65533;t differ that much in quality. But keep in mind the rumor I mentioned about a 5.1 surround version of the film being launched on DVD.
There are enough opinons about this movie to make it mandatory viewing for anyone who likes things a bit off center. It has interesting characters and visuals, but is short on plot and acting. Kyle McLachan and the rest of the cast are not very interesting to watch; Dennis Hopper is, but goes over the top to the point where his character is almost comical. Some satire going on here too, which not everybody "gets." Watch it once to see what all the fuss is about, but it's more something to render judgement on than to enjoy.
I've lived in the suburbs all of my life, and I wouldn't live anywhere else. As I look back over the years, some neighbors were quirky and most experienced some form of difficulty in their lives, but most were very decent people. Was there a secret "dark underbelly" to the 'burbs? Not really, except for the dads who hid Playboys in their offices, couples who divorced, and parents who aborted their unborn children, deemed "defective" through amniocentisis.<br /><br />In fact, as often as not, most people that I remember lived lives of quiet heroism, not desperation. Does this film reveal anything besides a diseased mind? None that I can think of. Like most celebrated modern artists, intellectuals, and writers, Lynch's work probably reflects his private vices more than any existing reality.<br /><br />Sure, David Lynch can present intriguing, dark and mysterious images. But in the end they're just that, a string of intriguing, dark and mysterious images, ultimately leading nowhere. If the idea of walking through a dead-end labyrinth appeals to you, then you'll like this movie.
To make a long story short-this movie is not a masterpiece, calling it that would be laughable.This is a mediocre film at best.There is nothing shocking or controversial or boundary breaking about it, as has been said.Truth to be told the film starts out intriguingly and you're actually thinking this is going to be a great movie, it is a little strange, but nevertheless convincing and even fascinating.This keeps up for about ten minutes, and then the film becomes a typical mystery with nothing new to offer.IN fact,only thanks to Dennis Hopper's convincing role as drug-addicted maniac Frank Booth, did I keep watching this.None of the other performances were convincing,and Isabella Rossellini was just pathetically laughable,her portrayl was completely overblown, and overacted.I know I'm going to get about 30 negative votes for this, but I could care less.One of the most unjustly overrated films of all time.Not to mention the ending was like something out of a Lifetime movie,yes that predictable and unnafecting.And I guess,if you're really bored one Saturday night you could rent this movie for mild distraction.That's all I got from it.See Mulholland DR. instead
I felt it's a movie of some quality, but definitely didn't think it's "one of the best movies."  I also didn't agree this film's main intention was to show us that beneath every normal and happy surface, there always lies a dark side most of us cannot see or even are unwilling to see. Or if this was really the intention of this film, I would say it's not quite successful.<p>First off, I didn't see the town was portrayed as a normal peaceful town in the movie to begin with. We saw an old man hit by some sudden disease (presumably stroke) only a few minutes into the movie. Then not much later we saw Jeffrey (the male lead character) pick up a severed human ear. Well, I really couldn't sense that this town was beautiful or peaceful even at the beginning of the movie.<p>The later part of the story involving Jeffrey investigating into the matter revealed what's supposed to be the dark side of the civilized society. But while Dennis Hopper's performance as the villain was excellent and Rossellini was convincing as the poor victim, in the story the dark side wasn't really that dark.... After all, it's not beyond an ordinary person's imagination. It's quite disturbing all right, but I couldn't really be shocked or unsettled by it.<p>Some scenes of the film were clever, well-crafted and funny, however: The twisted hose and the stroke-struck old man; The ugly bugs beneath the grass; The oxygen-mask-wearing Frank raping the helpless Dorothy; Frank's buddy Ben singing "Sand-colored clown", etc. etc. Also, some other scenes are weird and fun to watch.<p>But I don't think the superb acting (except Laura Dern's...) and some outstanding scenes were nearly enough to warrant the high regards so many reviewers bestowed on the movie. Maybe had I watched this movie in 1980's, I would be much more impressed. But I think this movie failed the test of time. To a viewer of the 2000's, while such true classics as "Clockwork Orange" or "Graduate" still bring awe, "Blue Velvet" is little more than mediocre.
In a world of plummeting standards, mindless violence, and gratuitous sex, it's refreshing---and entirely rare---when you come across a major motion picture that the whole family can enjoy.<br /><br />If you're looking for that kind of film, "Blue Velvet" is the mother lode.<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" is David Lynch's masterwork, a real slice of life in small town America from the director who brought you the heartwarming, mesmerizing Disney hit "The Straight Story". Granted, for all of its heartwarming innocence, "The Straight Story" had a more deliberate tone which---to be totally honest---put little Tony and Suzie to sleep at my house. What to watch for a family sit-down that will keep the kids entertained but not drive Mom and Dad crazy, then?<br /><br />Crisis averted! "Blue Velvet" is just as family-oriented as that film---only more so, and with a quicker pace that calls to mind a more finely-tuned Hardy Boys or Nancy Drew mystery.<br /><br />High school senior Jeffrey Beaumont (the boyish, wholesome Kyle MacLachlan, who starred in the family flick "The Flintstones") lives with his parents and elderly Aunt Barbara (veteran actress Frances Bay, who appeared in "Twins"). With his father hospitalized after a massive heart attack, Beaumont stumbles across a mystery at the heart of sleepy little Lumberton.<br /><br />Beaumont teams up with high school sweatheart Sandy Williams (Laura Dern, "Jurassic Park") and Sandy's father---a Lumberton detective---to delve into the mystery that has their little town on edge, and ultimately to snap the cuffs on a gang of dastardly baddies (headed up by Dennis Hopper in a stellar role as the villainous Frank Booth).<br /><br />Isabella Rossellini serves up a particularly memorable role as singer Dorothy Valens, menaced by Booth and his rowdies, who manages to keep up a fighting spirit and lift everyone's spirits with cheerful, all-American musical standards. Grandpa and AMC-fans will particularly get a kick out the film's 1950's musical score, including golden oldies like Roy Orbison's "In Dreams" and Bobby Vinton's yesteryear hit "Blue Velvet".<br /><br />Flawless cinematography by Frederick Elmes (who did the camera-work for 2003's "Hulk") shows off the green gables, rose gardens, and white picket fences of an all-American town to perfection. I don't think any director has realized the zany human cosmology of a small American town since Sam Wood's 1949 version of "Our Town".<br /><br />While "Blue Velvet" heads over to the seamier side of town to plumb the more mysterious goings-on, don't fret---Lynch keeps rein over the more frightening elements of this salute to the Heartland. Like any Hardy Boys outting, things may get a little tense, but there's nothing too rough for the tots here, and good wins out in the end. Lynch proves you can put together an American classic and *still* have a happy ending.<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" is a classic made for the whole family: like "It's a Wonderful Life" and "Finding Nemo", it's certain to be a favorite in your house. Be sure to watch your kiddies, and savor the gleams in their eyes as the mysteries of life become clear.
I saw Mulholland Dr, Dune, and Eraserhead,  and I was like &quot;wow, David Lynch is a pretty crazy dude, I'll see Blue Velvet since everybody seems to call it his masterpiece.&quot; Well, I found it to be much less than that. <p>One of the most common descriptions is &quot;deeply disturbing.&quot; Which part?? The only character that was remotely disturbing was Dennis Hopper, but that was it. &quot;The dark underworld of midwestern suburbia&quot;. Oh yeah? He sure does get into the &quot;dark underworld&quot;. Jeffrey gets driven in a car and punched in the face. Big deal. <p>The previous Lynch movies I saw really made you think. Trying to understand his movie plots in a logical fashion is futile, you have to think abstract. Well, not with this one. This movie just has a cliched murder/mystery plot with...a happy ending? What is this? This is not the Lynch I enjoy. <p>If you want a murder/mystery movie that really makes you think, see Mulholland Dr. That movie is incredible.
Unfortunately I didn't think this film was as great as most of the other reviewers here at Amazon.  I think the lady that sang Blue Velvet was a very great actress, and some of the scenes with her in them were very moving and great.  And of course Dennis Hopper is always a great actor, and the parts with him in them were convincing as well.  However, I thought that the boy who was the main character, as well as his young girlfriend, were terrible actors.  Some of the lines sounded so awkward to me, as if they were in a high school play or something.  I wish they would have had more actors like the older lady (older in comparison to the young girl the boy was dating), and Dennis Hopper.  That would have made the movie so much better, but as it was with those two main actors, it seemed very corny and awkward in parts.  I did enjoy the original plot and some very moving scenes in this movie, so I do think it is worth watching.  However, I am only giving it three stars because in my opinion, it is weakened by the main actors.  I think this movie is worth watching for the positive points I've mentioned.  Also, many of the reviewers seemed to think this movie was excellent and gave it five stars, so don't take my word for it :), watch it yourself and see what you think.  It was probably just something personal I had against those two actors, but for some reason it just ruined some parts of the movie for me.
Blue Velvet, adored by all gothics, S&M enthusiasts, and geeky, self-described (i.e., uneducated) 'film buffs,' leaves you with the same exasperation and puzzlement endemic to David Lynch films.  Proponents of Blue Velvet will tell you that it explores the 'dark side' of everyday life, what mainstream America doesn't really want to address...don't buy into it.  Lynch's vision cannot stand in for anything that most of us will ever experience, and its absurd exaggerations drive the point home.  Perhaps the problem is watching this movie with twenty years worth of perspective, or maybe it was always this mediocre; whatever the case, Dennis Hopper is more overdramatic than scary, and (again, as is the m.o. of Lynch) the plot is hardly satisfying.  The characters make irrational choices, with absolutely no explanation (why does Laura Dern suddenly forget that her new boyfriend has been sleeping with the psychotic woman they have been watching?).  The final scene is particularly troubling...not because it 'shakes the foundations of cinema and everyday life,' but because it plays out without any coherence (the shady detective standing in the apartment, with no explanation for why he is suddenly immobile?).<br /><br />If you've seen Mulholland Drive or Lost Highway, you will not be surprised by the seemingly arbitrary confusion Lynch too often indulges.  Whereas other experimental filmmakers seem to have a point to make with their choices, one has the feeling that Lynch instead constructs a pseudo-mystery without bothering to let the audience ever understand.  In all fairness, at the time of Blue Velvet Lynch had not yet reached the stage of simply throwing unconnected and unexplained plot twists into his film; still, most viewers will be left wondering what the hell they just watched, and why it has been canonized in American cult-cinema.
I love hoppers role in this movie, he is evil and twisted enough, but that's about as far as the good goes on this movie.  ..... I think the movie began aggravating me around the point when the sang the blue velvet song for the 20th time in the film (the whole thing) bunch of time killing if you ask me, as sign of a bad movie!! The character of hopper is enough to keep you watching this, and waiting to see what will happen next, but that's about is far as it goes, boring movie, stupid movie - because anyone else in this ladies situation would have done something to get out of the situation. Verdict: if you like hearing Blue Velvet 20 million times, get this!
and that's about all it has.After reading countless reviews for this i gave it a try..needless to say it did not impress.<br />The cinematography is exceptional...however it is relied upon to heavilly...this movie was like looking at a shiny penny,at first it dazzles then you realize it is just a penny.<br />lynch seems to prefer style over substance as every scene could be a still picture(then be called art),but in trying to evoke a story he relies on the viewers ability to read between the lines and hoping that the pretty colors will be enough to make the B-movie writing thought-provoking.<br />If you feel like zoning out for awhile,looking at some pretty colors and giving your brain a little rest then rent this.<br />other than that there are numerous movies out there that rely on sound writing and stories than visual flair.
Someone needs to tell David Lynch that the way to get subtlety and metaphors across to your audience is not to hit them over the head with it. Blue Velvet is brilliantly acted by nearly all involved, with the exception of Laura Dern, who manages to deliver one of the worst performances I have seen in a long time. One of the chief ways of making Blue Velvet an effective movie was for the director, Lynch, to make a noticeable difference between scenes in light and scenes shrouded in darkness. This would convey the theme of what lies beneath suburban America. However, in the light scenes, the dialogue is so ridiculously contrived, that it is impossible to care at all about the characters involved. Here, Lynch has made a movie with something to say, unfortunately the way in which he says it is uninteresting and at times, pitiable. The actors in this film are excellent, and to me represent the only reason anyone should ever see this movie. The characters created by Rosselini, Hopper, and Mclachlan are played with genuine feeling and emotion, something rarely seen in modern cinema. These actors, however, are left with a script that is struggling to make sense of itself. Many have said that Blue Velvet is one of the most significant films ever made. If Lynch had managed to pull of a halfway interesting approach to a fascinating theme, I might be inclined to agree. However, the script is atrocious, the direction and technical aspects of the film poor, and the story, honestly, is not at all interesting. Some reading this review will charge that I simply &quot;didn't get the film&quot;. The problem isn't that I didn't &quot;get&quot; it--I did--but that the film was so poorly made that by the end, I just didn't care.
This DVD film/movie is sold around Singapore videoshops and I have grabbed a copy and watched....hee hee...The story basically talk about the case of the chop off ears which the murder case was investigated and the case detail came to the light to the higher police investigating department which was done by a the actor himself. The case was presented by the police and this mad person whom was acted by Dennis Hooper (famous for his insane killer character in also other films) in the end died under gunfire when he tried to catch the actor for trying to go into a house and look for 'evidence'. Recommended to those whom are interested in this genre of DVD film/movie.<br /><br />Review by:<br /><br />(Dr)Ang Poon Kah<br /><br />Rogue University Professor certificate<br /><br />Imagine Entertainment for film/mvoie the Da vinci Code.<br /><br />Zakkers film director.
Buy this DVD. <p>Then,<p>Demand the immediate release of all of David Lynch's films and TV series on DVD.<p>Then,<p>Buy them all once they are released.<p>Then,<p>Watch them.
Some have found this movie to be daringly shocking.  The only shocking thing that I found about this movie is that some many great actors let themselves participate in such a bad movie.  At the start of this pointless film, it seems interesting and full of suspence, but it soon becomes overly melodramatic and the plot becomes boring.  If you like dry, poorly made movies that have no qualities of redemption, this is the movie for you.  If you have any amount of self respect, stay far away from this film.
Blue Velvet has got to be one of the strangest films I have ever seen. It started off o.k. but when we first see frank booth it just gets weirder and weirder. The film also suffers from bad script. The acting in the film is very poor expect Dennis Hopper.<br />There are so many films like this and I can't understand why people think this one is so special. I was really looking forward to watching this when I bought the DVD but after watching it I felt cheated into buying a poor film.<br />Overall bad film, bad acting and bad script. People who appeciate those three should steer clear.
This movie is about coming of age and the loss of innocence. It deals with the dark and sunny side of life.  Kyle MacLachlan is very pure by the beginning of the film but at the end is corrupted or grown up.  He has to  take over and be man because his father is sick. Lynch contrasts the  blue-eyed Sandie with the dark Rossellini character.  This ideology is  great. We get a contrast between the innocent and the corrupt. Blue Velvet  is a coming of age story, that deals with a fantastic and surreal world.  Some of the sequences are truly memorable, especially the one involving  Dean Stockwell singing.  In the end, however, the film is a complete  failure.  There is no plot and teh characters are not at all interesting.  We are given twisted images of sex adn violence but nothing is explained.  This is a very cold and meaningless piece of work.  Lynch is rebelling  against the conventions of film making but through his poor plot and  meaningless characters also alienates us the viewer.
David Lynch is a man commonly praised as a genius of bizarre imagery and stories. Well, "Blue Velvet" is the only one of his films I've seen, and while I'd still like to see several others, it most certainly turned me off of him quite a bit.<br /><br />The film follows Jeffrey (MacLachlan), a curious small town boy who discovers a human ear in a field. This causes him to enlist the object of his desire (Dern) to help him investigate and uncover a strange mystery involving a masochistic lounge singer (Rossellini) and a psychotic pervert named Frank Booth (Hopper).<br /><br />Though the film featured horrible acting from (almost) the entire cast, ridiculously stupid dialogue, and an extremely corny-looking fake bird (don't ask), I think what really bothered me was Lynch's script. It seemed full of contrived plot twists and insanely over-the-top characters meant only for shock value and nothing else (e.g. a laid-back cross-dresser with a fetish for aged overweight women). He seemed to be purposely trying to be bizarre and disturbing, and I really didn't find the film to be much of either. It seemed like your run-of-the-mill "quiet suburbia with a dark side" story.<br /><br />The film's only redeeming quality is the good performance from Dennis Hopper, but the man is a reliable actor. He did the best that could be done with his role, which was over-the-top and pointless, again, nothing but shock factor.<br /><br />There are plenty more interesting and well-made films out there about the bizarre and the disturbing, this is one that you really don't need to bother with.<br /><br />2.5/10
If you read most of the reviews you'd think I'd give the movie the same rating, NO WAY. This movie stinks, and that's putting it lightly. I've heard some call it a "cinematic masterpiece", I don't think so, more like a waste of miles of film. Some say it's one of the best films of the 80's. Wow that's funny, it didn't win an oscar for best picture. It also didn't make the American Film Institute's Top 100 Best American Movies Of All Time list. In the story, a young man finds a severed ear and begins an investigation which leads him through the perverse side of a small town. While he attempts to solve the crime he meets a woman named Dorothy (Isabella Rossellini) who is in a wild relationship with a sadist named Frank Booth, played by Dennis Hopper. He becomes deeply obsessed with Dorothy even though he already has a girl of his own (Sandy Williams played by Laura Dern).This is a mystery movie with loads of sexual deviance. Seeing it once was enough for me. This is one of those "out in left field pictures". Oh and by the way, I've noticed that most people who give this movie a low rating, get lots of "no" votes on the "was this review helpful" column including myself. That's OK, whoever you people are, can say our reviews aren't good all day long, it won't change the fact that this movie [IS BAD]
She rapes Kyle MacLachlan.  Abusive, gas-huffing Hopper hollers and guzzles PBR.  I believe it's the first episode of the Blue-on-Red motif that continues through Wild at Heart, Twin Peaks, and everything else.
I was really looking forward to seeing this one. I had heard nothing but great things about it, especially Dennis Hopper's disturbing portrayal. Now my only question is, why did Hopper agree to be associated with this trash?  The film makes a bold-but unsuccessful-attempt at delving just under the surface of small-town America. The result is a convoluted, over-acted, downright laughable piece of grade-A garbage. The only reason I gave it one star is that there was no choice for ZERO. A whodunit? How about a whocareswhodunit? Don't waste your time with this. There are more exciting and/or fulfilling things to do in life, like licking stamps or folding socks.
This movie is so bad, it deserves its own genre. I think I'll call it "film crappe". In the 80s, many gutsy directors experimented with an unconventional style as a response to the straightforward Speilberg formula we all know so well. Some directors were successful while others were just plain clumsy.<br /><br />Blue Velvet falls solidly into the latter category. It is basically a Hardy Boys Nancy Drew story peppered with a lot of profanity, weird close-ups, and sexual grossness. "Sexual grossness" means that these scenes are so unglamorous and disgusting that not even John Holmes could get turned on. Trust me on this; I never thought I'd be yelling at the screen "Put your clothes on, Isabella, for all that's holy! I've seen enough beer belly for one night!"<br /><br />Artistically speaking, Lynch wavers between surreal and stupid. The film begins quite well but quickly degrades as soon as the actors open their mouths. Dialogue isn't Lynch's strong point. He should stick to gore.<br /><br />I'll give you one example of the film's cheesiness: In one scene, Laura Dern and Dune Boy (forgot his name) are talking in a car. She is describing her dream about God & love. The music goes to a pipe organ. They drive off, and the camera zooms in on a church for 3 full seconds. If you find this laughable, then man there's a lot more where that came from.<br /><br />And just a personal pet peeve: Laura Dern's face when she cries. She does that annoying thing where it looks like she's smoking a stogie out of each side of her mouth. Fingernails on the chalkboard!!
4 stars, great plot, some bad acting in a couple parts but great movie still.
If your taste runs towards the morose, then David Lynch's &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; is for you.  Unfortunately, there is little in this widely acclaimed film that makes it watchable or enjoyable.  It's a depressing exercise in non-humanity, and is better left on the shelf.  The director shocks us into thinking his characters have a real raison d'etre, when in fact there is little to explain why they behave the way they do.  A waste of talent, time and critical support.
I make it a point to see hundreds of films from virtually every genre, and I judge them good or bad primarily on the basis of how convincing the acting is, how believable the plot line, and whether or not the film generally avoids kitsch and cliche.  Like most people, I usually agree with the critics (except when they seem to under- or overrate a film based on colleagues' opinions), and it was Blue Velvet's widely positive reviews that moved me to see it.<br /><br />I have never been left so convinced of critics' tendency to jump on the overrating bandwagon.  Overall, the film is atrocious, with it's absolutely last-rate acting being its worst feature.  I'll never forget a few of the more glaring examples of hokum, including a scene when McLachlan's character turns to his sweetheart and begs, "Why, Sandy?  Why are there people like (Dennis Hopper's villainous character) Frank in this world? Why oh why?!"  Or the numerous instances when Laura Dern's character insists -- through halting sobs -- to go along on Jeffrey's oh-so-dangerous detective missions ("No, Sandy!  It's TOO dangerous!  I care about you TOO much!").<br /><br />Awful.  Just awful.<br /><br />The last scene is brief, but it really captures the essence of this film: the happily united and reconciled protagonists huddled together, grinning knowingly and sighing contentedly in unison, staring blissfully out of the kitchen window at a bird perched on the rail...<br /><br />Bad enough in itself, but then you can't help but notice the wires sticking out of the mechanized bird!<br /><br />And that about sums it up.
One of the worst movies I ever saw.  Dennis Hopper must have been on drugs to have acted in this movie.  It was crap from beginning to end.
I rarely comment about DVD quality unless there is a glaring issue.  In the case of this DVD, there are several.  The sound track is extremely, extremely important in this film; much of the dialogue is played at near-whisper and the sound effects are much more important to the impact of the film than in most others.  Unfortunately, the sound quality here is just muddy enough to undercut the overall effect.  The visuals are also surprisingly weak, heavy with digital pixilation that is particularly noticeable in the film's shadowy scenes--of which there are a great many.  As for the bonus material, any one purchasing this "special edition" for them may be disappointed: the documentary is so-so (and I might add that the picture quality there is often flatly atrocious), but the "deleted scenes" indicated are simply not there.  These scenes have never been recovered, and the DVD offers only a handful of sequences recreated from still photographs and without dialogue of any kind.  Although I am not a great fan of David Lynch per se, I do indeed recognize the importance and influence of both this film and his overall vision, and frankly BLUE VELVET deserves much better than it receives here.<p>All of that said--I saw this film in its first theatrical release, and at the time I did not like it; it struck me as incredibly pretentious and wildly derrivative of numerous European directors, particularly of Hitchcock, Bunuel and Fellini.  (Indeed, I recall remarking to a friend that it was very much like Fellini meets Chuck Waters.)  I had no intention of revisiting the film until a friend expressed an interest in seeing it--and so, rather reluctantly, I agreed to sit through it one more time.  And on this occasion I was pleasantly surprised.  It wears extremely well.<p>That is not to say that there are not problems with the film.  Kyle MacLachlan is a remarkably wooden actor; the plot frequently falls apart; and Lynch's bursts of surrealism are occasionally miscalculated and actually tend to get in the way of any coherent statement.  But what BLUE VELVET does well, it does very, very well indeed.  The story is a bit convoluted, but in general it concerns a young man (the eternally wooden MacLachlan) who comes home from university when his father is taken ill.  While walking to the hospital he discovers a severed human ear--and when the police fail to give him information re his discovery his own curiosity leads him into investigation.  His investigations center on beautiful singer Dorothy Vallen (Isabella Rossellini), who is rumored to be involved with local underworld figures--and in the process he becomes directly involved with both Vallen and the dark forces that surround her.<p>David Lynch uses this storyline as the hook on which to hang his dark statements about the nature of sexual awakening, moral choice, and the deadly evil to which we strive to remain oblivious but which nonetheless lurks very close to the surface of otherwise ordinary lives.  And while many aspects of the film can be justly criticized, in this the film is entirely--and unnervingly--successful.  In BLUE VELVET, sex and violence are ruthlessly connected, and both are forever simmering just under the skin.<p>At the time of its release, and even today, BLUE VELVET was extremely, extremely controversial for its nightmarish depiction of sexual attraction and violence--and deservedly so, for the film repeatedly focuses on a horrific sexual humiliation of the mysterious Dorothy Vallen by the predators that surround her; the rape sequence (which is genuinely horrific), her endurance of repeated physical and sexual assault, her sado-masochistic edge that implies a certain complicity in her own abuse are front and center throughout the film and is all deeply disturbing.  Strangely, however, the film contains considerably less nudity and graphic violence than one might expect; much of the effect arises more from the on-going dark, surrealistic visuals and disquieting sound effects than from any one single scene.<p>With the exception of MacLaughlin, the cast is very fine here.  Laura Dern has seldom been so effectively used in any film as she is here, but the real standouts are Isabella Rossellini and Dennis Hopper; Rossellini was a relative newcomer at the time, but she gives an incredible performance, and Hopper virtually re-invented his languishing career in the role of her psychotic tormenter, and Dean Stockwell's against-type cameo was so startling that it drew tremendous critical fanfare.<p>But now we come to the final question.  Do I like the film?  No.  Even though I can now watch it and appreciate it, and although I certainly recognize its importance and influence, and although I grant it status as art, I still do not like BLUE VELVET and I remain dubious about director David Lynch in general.  It seems to me that he lacks the discipline to create a cohesive statement.  But do I recommend it?  Absolutely.  Those who admire Lynch admire him with a passion, and you may be among those.  And even if you are not--BLUE VELVET is an important film in so many respects that no one seriously interested in film can afford to miss seeing it at least once.
David Lynch's "Blue Velvet" (1986) is a surreal tale that takes place in a small lumber town which has the big city problems of murders, and gangs. Jeffrey (Kyle MacLachlan) discovers the dark side of the town as he investigates the mystery behind a human ear he finds in a field.<br /><br />This blu-ray appears to be the same master as the Special Edition dvd that came out in 2002, but now seen in 1080p. Though what this blu-ray has over past releases is 50 minutes of newly discovered footage, whereas the 2002 dvd Special Edition only had about 9 minutes of still photographs that approximated the lost footage. Lynch had shot about four hours of film, which he then trimmed down to two hours for the final cut of the film. Two other things the blu-ray has over the Special Edition dvd are a few outtakes, and four vignettes, including the story behind the robin at the end of the film, which isn't what I thought it was. As in the 2002 Special Edition dvd set there is the review by Siskel and Ebert, and a documentary which is over one hour long called "Mysteries of Love".
This is a love-it or hate-it film.  Its a classic and a masterpiece to be remembered for its role in the evolution of film.  Director and writer Lynch juxtaposes a white-picket-fence idyllic small town against the darkest of the freaky drug-addicted criminals.  Kyle MacLachlan plays Jeffrey, the decent young man the audience can identify with, while Dennis Hopper perfectly protrays an emotionally disturbed on-the-edge criminal.  The Isabella Rosselini character is stuck between the two worlds, desperately trying to stay mainstream but stuck with ties to the sadistic on-the-edge criminals.<br /><br />The dark crime side of this movie is downright scary, not necessarily for any blood and guts, but because you know these people are off their rocker and can snap at any minute.  Seeing the sexually ambiguous Ben (Dean Stockwell) sing a candy pop song in a dark den of gangstgers, loose women, guns, and drugs is truly startling.  Lynch repeatedly pairs the goody-good with the downright evil for sharp contrast and a lasting effect.<br /><br />Personally, I'm not a fan of this movie, or of Lynch as a director, but I enjoyed the film for what it is, and there is an audience out there for these types of surreal flicks.  It is a must-see if you are going through all the classics.
David Lynch crafted one of the most visually haunting films ever imagined in 1986 with Blue Velvet.  Dream like from the beginning, the film starts off simply enough, we see the residents of a small town enjoying themselves, in fact the town is what anyone and everyone would envision as a perfect town community.  Young college student Jeffrey (Kyle MacLachlan, who was also in Lynch's Dune and would later star on Lynch's TV show Twin Peaks) returns to his seemingly perfect town when his father suffers a heart attack (in a very chilling scene).  One day he discovers a severed human ear that is decomposing in a field, and this is when we as the viewers discover that this seemingly perfect little town is hiding some deadly secrets.  Eventually, Jeffrey teams up with a young Laura Dern (who it seems is modeled after a 1950's high school sweet heart) and both begin playing detective, and it soon leads them to a tortured nightclub singer named Dorothy(played by Isabella Rossellini), who has some secrets of her own.  This leads Jeffrey to begin to have a dangerous obsession with Dorothy, and that is not taken too well by Frank (Dennis Hopper, who is extremely great in this completely psycho role), a man who is terrorizing Dorothy for his own sexual perversions, and is holding her child hostage to attain them.  Later on we get to see Frank and his crazed crew (Brad Dourif among them), and we meet his "oh so suave" buddy Ben (Dean Stockwell), who has only one screen appearence, but it is a chilling one nonetheless.  The only complaint I can think of is how the film ended, it seems to me that Lynch had an alternate ending but decided to go with the one featured here.  Lynch pulls out all the stops here, tugging at every emotion he can.  You'll laugh, cringe, feel sorry for the characters, and be horrified, sometimes all at once.  Blue Velvet is a haunting, dizzying, mind bending trip that will haunt you for days after viewing it, this is Lynch's best film, and it stands today as an American classic.
I adore the way in which Lynch leads you into his own microcosm, each screen is more intriguing than the previous and you become involved with the characters. Blue Velvet is no exception: a simple town boy is intrigued by a woman, and following his curiosity gets drawn into her web, only to inadvertently uncover dark mysteries.  We take this genuinely and often weirdly funny walk with him, a walk that'll cling to your thoughts long after the credits have rolled. <p>I don't idolize Lynch as many reviewers do (although I admired his work in The Straight Story) and I believe he has too often pursued weirdness for the sake of weirdness. But at his best he has produced marvels of film making. Blue Velvet is one of the latter as it doozily exposes the hidden dark underbelly of small towns, and of people that are seldom what they seem on the surface. <p>More than one viewing of this film is probably necessary if you really want to get it. The first time round, I ended up thinking that this was simply a noir-ish attempt at vulgar violence. The second viewing actually made me see some of the things Lynch wanted us to see without the shock factor. <p>Even so, this one may not be for everyone, but a must for Lynch fans.
The operative word on "Blue Velvet" is surreal.  I'm not going to try to analyze it but I'm just going to say I like it.  When this film was released in 1986 it came way out from leftfield.  It was a totally unexpected surprise from the director of "Elephant Man" and the collossal bomb, "Dune"(maybe it shouldn't have been so unexpected for anybody who had seen the equally bizarre "Eraserhead").  David Lynch opens the film as some Norman Rockwell American world and slowly peels off the layers of this facade to reveal the dark underbelly of this idyll.  The movie begins where fresh-faced Jeffrey (Kyle MacLachlan) returns home from college following his father's heart attack.  He discover's a dismembered ear in a field and turns it over to the police.  Not contented with leaving the investigation to the police, Jeffrey goes on his own investigation to discover the mystery of the ear.  What he encounters is a mysterious lounge singer, Dorothy Valens(Isabella Rossellini) and Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper)a bizarre fetishist who has Dorothy under his control.  Hopper's rendering of Frank ranks as one of the great examples of screen villainy of all time.  Hopper's performance is indelible and over-the-top.  In a smaller role Dean Stockwell as Frank's sexually ambiguous friend, Ben, makes an impression with his lip-synced performance of Roy Orbison's song, "In Dreams".  This film definitely falls under the category of love-it or hate-it.  I fall under the former category because I admire Lynch for trying something so ambitious and being a singular voice in film-making.
"Blue Velvet" was the first American film to fully explore the uncharted darkest regions of the subconcious mind, in the manner of European directors, like Bunuel and Fellini. No American director has broken open as much creative space as David Lynch, not even Robert Altman.<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" was the right film at the right time. In 1986, there was a growing backlash against the vacuous Hollywood blockbusters, as evidenced by the popularity of artistically ambitous films like Platoon, Hannah and Her Sisters, Salvador, A Room With A View, the Mission, and Children of A Lesser God. Movie goers hungered for more substantive films, and the pioneers of the art house megaplexes, like Landmark were anxious to corner the market those kinds of film. Bad news for your friendly neighborhood art house, good news for "Blue Velvet."<br /><br />The fact that Lynch was able to bring his singular artistry to television, a few years later with "Twin Peaks" is a measure of the public demand for Lynch's provactive style of filmaking. The fact that his recent "Muholland Drive" was orginally shopped around as a pilot for a series and had no takers, not even cable stations, is a barometer of how times have changed over the past 4 or 5 years.  Decadence undermines the fabic of morality, and wierd movies send the wrong message about America, to people who need to get the "right" message.<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" stood further left of center than other the films of artistic merit,and went far enough out on the limb attract a devoted cult following. In 1986, if you were in film school, "Blue Velvet" became an artistic model of acheivement. Young directors aspired to make the next "Blue Velvet",not the next "E.T." or "Jaws" as the previous generation had aspired to make.<br /><br />On the eve of the 20th anniversary of it's release date, critics and movie fans still hold the meaning of "Velvet Blue" as a sacred topic of discussion. It's influence is tremendous but it still retains the uncompromising edge of an anti-movie film.<br /><br />The film is resistant,nearly immune to all attempts to probe the nature of it's meaning. The film offers no apoligies for it's Baudelairian view of human nature. Debating the allegorical content of "Blue Velvet", seems to miss the entire point of David Lynch's artistic statement. Like Baudelaire, Lynch is at a loss to explain the brutal extremities of human behavior.<br /><br />Each time I watch "Blue Velvet", I uncover new layers of meaning in, the script, the motivation of the actors, the function of a prop, or even in a the use of an unconventional camera angle. The "Blue Velvet" I watch in 2005 is entirely different from the one I saw in the theater in 1986.<br /><br />The wooden nature of Kyle McLaughlin's acting only magnifies the volcanic nature and the primal appeal of Dennis Hopper's performance. Do you have the courage to really rip loose like Hopper? ...or do you hide in the closet,like Mr.Goody Two Shoes who peeps with lurid fascination at the performance? The rock star charisma of Hopper's wild man bulldozes Kyle McLaughlin's wholesome sex appeal straight into the closet where it belongs.<br /><br />The strength of "Blue Velvet is it's own inscrutability. Lynch's steadfast unfliching gaze at the most sinister impulses of humanity, is the metaphorical "gorilla in the living room" that nobody wants to talk about. Your reaction to "Blue Velvet" tells as much about yourself, as it tells you about the morality of the characters on the screen.<br /><br />As in all of his films, Lynch points out the contratdiction between the our high minded moral aspirations, and the predatory nature of our own behavior. The sunny small town innocence of "Blue Velvet" conceals a dark underworld of depravity that is governed by fear and violence. Our fascination with erotic nature of evil makes all of us willing particpants in the corruption of our own innocence. It's a message that stands at odds with own image of ourselves as decent,god fearing people.<br /><br />Scrubby clean hands are capable of committing the most horrifying of deeds...just ask Lady Macbeth.  It's an unsettling proposition, but ambiguity has it's own reward.
for those of you who have mentioned that this film has no plot, take your own advice and dont watch films like blue velvet. stick to movies like armaggeddon and let bruce willis spoon feed the plot to you. David lynch  follows his own formula that is driven by his unique vision that no stright  forward plot could follow. This film deals with a THEME: the evil that  dwells beneath the most beutiful of surfaces. The ants in the begining  suggest the rage, tension and evil unrest that exists bebeath a perfectly  mowed american green lawn. This can be seen allegorically mirroring the  bigger picture of the reality of our world despite what its crust reveals.  Therefore many seemingly out of place haunting sequences are put in by  lynch as paintstrokes in his cinematic painting that tie into the overall  theme. Lynch is a true artist that does not compromise his art for public  demands.
Lynch fills out the world of Blue Velvet so lovingly, and with such care and imagination, and attention to detail (and to the odd, essential quirks of life), that, surreal as it is, this world seems wholly authentic to us. Because Lynch is not afraid to "dream' his movies, he fills his world with the kind of "abritrary' touches that make up real life. And his mise en scene here, far from being merely the backdrop to his "plot," is actually central to it (and even takes precedence over it). The one grows organically out of the other, in fact, for, as in all true myths (and in dreams also), the two are inseparable. Because in life, there is no plot, obviously (save that written by God, or Chance), only an endless, infinite and unimaginably intricate unfolding of scenes, acts, events, encounters, gestures, words, sounds, smells. In a word--phenomena, endlessly spilling out and colliding and spinning off and resounding with all the crazy random beauty of pollen in the wind. There may be patterns in such chaos, but if so, they are infinite, varied, and eternally overlapping, interacting. And so the patterns we choose to isolate are simply that: their meanings is merely the meaning we have chosen to impose upon the chaos. For Lynch, the mystery of the world is inseparable from the mystery of us--the mystery of perceiving, which is the greatest mystery of them all. Something is out there, Lynch seems to be saying, because something is making us perceive. It's up to us, then, to seek it out, and even if we know we can never hope to understand it, we can at least try. What else are we here for? The alternative is simply too dull, too dispiriting, to entertain--that's there's nothing out there, nothing hidden or inexplicable, and that what we think is all there is. (The insanity of solipcism is the only thing that's unthinkable in Lynch's world.)  To Lynch, the options are plain--either we know it all, and the answers are just what we choose to invent, in which case there's no sense in asking questions at all. Or--we know nothing, and no answers are possible, so all there is for us to do is ask the most exciting, enchanting, impossibly impertinent questions we can dream up. To Lynch, the world is a strange world, not because we do not understand it, but because that's the way it is--it's nothing but strangeness, that's what makes it the world (such stuff as dreams are made of). Since, for Lynch, there is nothing stranger than "normality," so, by the same token, the strange is the only "normal" thing there is. And seeing as we have made the world thus, by perceiving it, interpreting and assembling it, piece by piece, with our own thoughts and senses, then we must be mysteries, too.<br /><br />With Blue Velvet, Lynch succeeds in perhaps the highest single accomplishment art can aspire to (at a human level, anyway): he shows us that, if reality is a dream and dream reality, then we, as both the dreamers and the dream, are the ultimate unfathomables: we are strangers to ourselves.<br /><br />see [....]
A shocker of a movie in which the innocent facade of an average American town is torn back to reveal a violent and frightening hidden world. (The opening scene with the bugs under the lawn depicts it perfectly.) One day college-aged Jeffrey Beaumont (played by Kyle MacLachlan) finds a human ear in a vacant field. He takes it to the police; the detective assigned to the case (George Dickerson) is Laura Dern's character's father. She overhears him talking about the case and passes on the information to MacLachlan, her boyfriend. He begins to investigate on his own and enters a world of perversion, kidnapping, drugs, and death. Dennis Hopper plays a character about as evil and frightening as you could imagine. Dern's high-school-girl innocence only adds to the awfulness of what's going on here. Emotions are expressed so powerfully, and they are so brutal and scary, that it becomes painful to watch at times. Although not necessarily an original idea, rarely has looking beneath the calm surface to discover a raging storm been done so engagingly and disturbingly. A David Lynch knockout. Worth a watch.
David Lynch's best work to date is the story of a typical all-American USA town where all things seem perfect and normal. That is...until we see what a strange world it is. The boy finds a severed ear in a nearby dirt path on  the way to the hospital and sets the story in motion. The cinematography  has to be some of the best around, especially noticable in the opening  scenes with the bright pastel colors of the town, the reds, the blues - so  vivid - to give you the small town USA look.  A detective mystery story  told in Lynch's world where the weird only gets weirder. Dennis Hopper in  one of his best roles as the wacked-out methyl junkie who holds a child  hostage. If you like odd, this is your film. Not for the squeamish.
Impressive, if not a little bit overrated, 'Blue Velvet' gets much of it's power from it's use of music and it's rich, saturated colours. It's themes about the undercurrent of the American dream, where innocence and naivety exist side by side with horror and sickness, are a little less convincing than Lynch would have hoped for. To me 'Blue Velvet' is more about voyeurism.<br /><br />Our hero Jeffery begins as a friend of law enforcement but becomes curiously fascinated by the world of outlaws. For Jeffery the safe, communal world in which he lives is marked by denial and fake performance. In contrast, the criminal world which he observes is full of unrestrained and wilful desires. The rich colours and sensual sounds portray a longing on Jeffery's part for some sense of reality beyond the performed spectacle of the middle-class world he inhabits. Jeffery is a yearning onlooker, searching for a tactile reality. What he also finds in the criminal underworld is an instability of meaning. Frank finds the feminine Dean Stockwell character suave and sophisticated, but punches Jeffery for that same femininity. Jeffery continues to search for that controlled sense of reality, beyond the fakeness of the 'good' Detective Williams and the sadism of the 'bad' Frank.<br /><br />Although the metaphors of the insects and the robins may seem heavy-handed, they add a brutal contrast to the worlds that Jeffery must choose between. Fans of Lynch's T.V. series 'Twin Peaks' will find lots to keep them interested here.
How many movies are you going to see that use a bird eating a bug as an illustration that a young man should be afraid of acting on sexual feelings, because those desires are seen as disdainful and shameful to a good-minded society? The bird appears to be a robin. The very type of bird used to analogize goodness and pure love in the movie. Classic. "Sometimes a wind blows and the mysteries of love come clear". Tweet, tweet. <p>For this movie we live inside a strange world. For Twin Peaks Fire Walk With Me we live inside a dream. For Mulholland Dr. we live inside one person's dream. I doubt that Lynch will be making any action/adventure or romantic comedies anytime soon.<p>A good boy's bad-boy libido fantasy compared against idealistic pure love, with 1950's America mentality. The movie deals mostly with a young man moralizing sexual desires. Contrasting, and in the end somewhat reconciling, moral extremes is a staple in Lynch movies. The evil side has some legitimate allurement, the viewer always gets a very generous taste of it. Also pervasive, always there lurking behind the doors. But ultimately however that side should be dismissed out of fear, fear of physical and emotional repercussions. And also dismissed out of love, respect of the morally acceptable. The larger point is probably that human beings are a mix of good and evil, or that human beings are indelibly flawed. Accentuating the good side more strongly might have made for more emotional buildup in Blue Velvet, as in Mulholland Dr. and Fire Walk With Me [the two grandiose behemoths]. Though those two have tragic endings that work better in contrasting dramatically against the good. Also in those two there is more focus on the female characters, characters easily perceived as more vulnerable, needing protection, especially after you have seen them naked numerous times [I know, sexist white male propaganda to keep the white female down]. In Blue Velvet, the "Why are there people like Frank..." and the "robins...love", "Mommy loves you", the caring family, the loving slow dance [creative audio, have to like the original music and the sound of a candle flame being blown out for example] are somewhat muted examples of moral conscientiousness. Somewhat muted, given you have people dancing on car tops, singing into shop lights, lewd mommy/daddy/baby Oedipal references, and toasts made to f...... [All very entertaining]. A "goodness" point will be made. And after you mull that for two seconds, there is a heap of weirdness, and that is followed by some more disorderedness. Always some consternation caused by seeing the evil in the world. Also troubling when one sees some of that evil in one's own thoughts. This recognition and repulsion however may qualify you as somewhat moral, having some goodness. This is seemingly the key moral point, as well as, implicitly, the message that morality has importance on a personal, individual basis. But that isn't quite it. Yes, the moral person, say a moral hormone-filled young man trying to reconcile his biology, has some significant awareness that there is some wrongness about himself (has at the least a keen knowledge that one's sexuality is socially problematic) and is cognizant that there is wrongness in the world around him. But to some degree that is done out of pragmatism, to save one's self in a larger society. Not really all that noble, perhaps only marginally moral. So the conclusion is more that people are perverts, including one's self. It's a strange world, isn't it?
"Blue Velvet", while overshadowed by Lynch's recent "Mulholland Drive" in which he finally decided to give up on the fear driven satire that held most of his earlier work back, is the closest (along with "Eraserhead") to revealing the once-in-a-few-decades type directorial talent this man possesses.  Despite what his detractors may say (it's easy to be dismissive of Lynch because not everything is spoonfed to you, he pokes at our deepest sensibilities and fears, and you actually have to think at length about his work: in a nutshell, those are the real reasons people rave about what a "charlatan" Lynch is)<br />he is one of the first American directors to bring real surrealism--not mere pretty or strange images, not pointless weirdness, but cinematic dives into the subconscious which explode like a bomb--to the screen.  He is a modern Bunuel with light touches of Bergman, and if he keeps up what he has been working toward, he may equal them both by the end of his career.<br /><br />That said, "Blue Velvet" still stands as one of the most thought provoking, darkly humorous, and penetrating films of the 80's.  While I'm not quite as sensitive to the "disturbing" aspects of the film as some viewers may be, I can understand why the scenes shared by Dennis Hopper and Isabella Rossellini may turn the layman off.  This is a pity since Lynch has so much to offer other than S & M and cheap eroticism, elements he uses to boring excess sometimes.<br /><br />Jeffrey Beaumont (the mediocre, stone faced Kyle Machlachlan in another so-so role) returns to Happy Nowheresville, USA, to work for his aunt.  His father suffers an agonizing heart attack as the veneer of the small town whirls around him, the underlying chaos represented by the twirling hose which falls to the ground.  The mayhem develops further as Jeffrey  discovers an ear in a field nearby, half eaten by ants.<br /><br />Dennis Hopper as the psychopathic, anesthesia abusing Frank Booth has to be one of the greatest performances I've ever seen.  It has been said that the reason his acting rings so terrifyingly authentic is that Hopper himself is not unlike Booth, but I don't care: we do not doubt for a moment that this man is ruthless and sadistic, capable of anything. Lynch and Hopper do a masterful job of trying to show us Frank's human side, as Dorothy Valens (Isabella Rosellini) sings Vinton's "Blue Velvet" in a dark nightclub.  Booth clutches an actual piece of blue velvet, in agonized realization of his corruption and lost innocence.  I think this is the significance of the song in the film; Dorothy is the only thing that connects Frank to anything remotely human, even if in the most twisted, sick ways imaginable, and he clings to her so brutally because he refuses to let go completely of the human being he may have been in the past as opposed to the maniac he is now.  This is a paradox because, while Dorothy represents everything most precious to him, it is only in the framework of his corruption--he is holding her child ransom.  Their relationship can either be interpreted as Frank still having a human side and using her as an extension cord to a somewhat wholesome world, or Frank taking joy in soiling innocence.  This we never know for certain.<br /><br />Meanwhile Jeffrey meets a cute, innocent high school student who remains a cute, innocent high school student the entire film and is not sucked into the subworld that Jeffrey is.  Laura Dern does a good job with what she has, but watching these two was at times like watching two storefront dummies trying to generate onscreen energy.  It works only as a tie in to the other things going on in the film.<br /><br />The most haunting scene I have seen in any film is undoubtedly when Ben (Dean Stockwell), Frank's dandyish/pimp partner in a criminal circle that is never made wholly clear, lip syncs to "In Dreams" by Roy Orbison.  I still can't figure out what emotional dynamic is taking place between Frank and Ben in this sequence, but the mood of dark surreality and unspoken communication is unparalleled.<br /><br />Frank seems, in addition to being a killer and drugdealer, something of a megalomaniac: after knocking Jeffrey around a bit, he has a strange, unattractive woman pop on, again, "In Dreams" and tells Jeffrey:"When you receive a love letter from me, you are f**ked forever! In dreams, f**ker!"  Frank is at least an artsy sociopath?<br /><br />The ending of the film is a series of riveting events which ends in Frank's death, and by extension the death of the darkness he represented (although it is too late for Jeffrey, who through Frank and Dorothy has already been corrupted.  Another reading of the film could be that they are like twisted parental figures for Jeffrey, introducing him to the hazards of the "real" world in an unflinching manner.  Before he meets them, he is still a boy) and Dorothy's freedom.  The last scene makes you wonder if Dorothy, in some weird way, still misses Frank or is haunted by him.<br /><br />Love it or hate it, this is great art. It creates a mood which is inarticulate but overwhelming and unforgettable, apart from the more "shocking" scenes people have raved about.  I hope Lynch continues on the path he is currently taking. Check out his magnum opus "Mulholland Drive" the first chance you get.
FINALLY! I'm hoping this is the beginning of a Lynch DVD renaissance, as Eraserhead, The Elephant Man and Wild At Heart are sitting idly by, waiting for the royal treatment they deserve. As for the lack of special features,  Lynch is of the Kubrick variety, he wants his movies to speak for  themselves, so don't expect any commentary on his DVDs.  At least its in  widescreen!  Blue Velvet, along with Raging Bull, is arguably the most  important film of the 80's. It heralded a new artistic peak in American  filmmaking and established independent film as a commercially and  critically viable industry, not to mention one where original, high-risk  stories could be told. Blue Velvet is a very dark and sensual masterpiece.  The fans know what's up. The uninitiated should check this film out.
I suspect that serious collectors of all things Lynch will find it worthwhile to upgrade to this edition of one of his best films. If you're new to this director, 'Blue Velvet' or the recent 'Mulholland Drive' are (to my eyes and ears) the prime representations of his artistry, which has a distinctive palette and is not for all tastes, especially during family viewing occasions (well, depending on your family). I'll refrain from summarizing the plot lines, which interested readers can find elsewhere, and focus on the latest presentation.<p>I owned the previous MGM issue of this Lynch classic and aside from a lack of extras, the DVD was a good video and audio presentation. I vacillated about upgrading to this newly-remastered edition, my attitude fueled by cynicism (MGM capitalizing on post-Mulholland Lynchitis) and by some negative comments about the bonus interviews (which implied they were nothing but vapid fawning over Lynch's genius). In the end I bit the bullet and was pleased I did.<p>The new Lynch-supervised transfer is crystal-clear, the primary advantage being improved dark/light contrast. Since 'Blue Velvet' is a study in the light and dark aspects of the human soul, this is an appropriate enhancement. On the other hand, the new transfer did not strike these eyes as a major improvement in the color department, which was a particular strength of the original. Dollar for dollar I would probably not recommend replacing your old one solely on the basis of picture quality.<p>When I turned to the bonus interviews I was pleasantly surprised at the depth of the commentary, especially in light of the negative comments I alluded to earlier. Isabella Rosselini and Dennis Hopper, who play the two basket-case characters (Frank and Dorothy) in this film, come across with the most insightful remarks. Hopper had just emerged from drink-and-drug rehab when he took on 'Blue Velvet' and is candid about how his earlier drug experiences infused his mannerisms and reactions on the set. Lynch had originally conceived of using helium in the mask, to give a surreal squeakiness to Frank Booth's voice, but Hopper hated the way this sounded, so the idea was dropped. Hopper points out that he interpreted his gas-mask as a source of amyl nitrate or nitrous oxide, both of which are used for a temporary rush while doing the dirty deed. Lynch had never heard of such a thing, which only serves to illustrate another aspect of the Boy Scout behind some of the extraordinary (and often viscerally in-the-gutter) visions he conjures up. Rosselini describes, in some detail, a serious sadness and insecurity that came over her after the film was released, and no, it was not embarrassment over her nude scenes.  I appreciated the detailed accounts about other behind-the-scenes contributors, especially the late Alan Splet, who is responsible for the audio things that go bump in 'Blue Velvet'. Indeed, he was a long-time associate of Lynch, going back to 'Eraserhead', and the originator of the low-frequency rumble that infuses so much of Lynch's audio spectrum. <p>The other major bonus, a behind-the-scenes montage, is educational but not overwhelming. As other reviewers pointed out, it is not raw footage, but a sequence of stills, and your mileage will vary.  The package describes the audio as Dolby 5.1, and some audiophiles have questioned aspects of the surround sound. I'm content to just let my TV blare away, but if audio is of ultimate importance to you, you might want to dig deeper into other commentary before purchase.
This is a good movie, but god, some of these positive reviews are so damn pretentious.  Personally, I don't buy that this film is nearly as complex as many are making it out to be.  I just think that Lynch thought it would be interesting to make a film that combined an exaggerated, cliched 50's sitcom style setting with a sexually violent, noir-ish type plot. (And he was right.)  And, even if the thematic stuff other people are discussing is in there, it earns few points from me.  "It's like, sex and violence are combined, man, and there's darkness and death even in the beautiful bourgeoise suburbs man, and it's all crap underneath it all, man, it's like whoa. dude, whoa"  I'm not saying these things aren't true to a certain degree: Bad things happen in the suburbs, bad stuff happened in the 50's, and there are sadists and masochists, people have a capacity for violence, even if they don't know it.  These things are all obviously true, so you get no credit from me for pointing them out.  But, again, I don't think Lynch actually cared much about that sorta thing.<br /><br />Certainly, this is an extremely weird film, but I can't understand why so many people are confused by it.  The plot is extremely simple:  Crazy, sadistic Booth has kidnapped a singer's(Dorothy Vallens) husband and child, and uses this leverage to procure sexual favors from her. A young man, Jeffrey, stumbles upon this situation, and wants to help.  There are specifics developments, but nothing very complicated.  The real interest in the film is in the contrast between the banal sitcom world of Jeffrey and the sadistic, noir underworld of Booth, and how they interact, and the way that they converge and influence one another.  So, this is essentially an exercise in style and form, but Lynch has the skill to pull it off.  The sitcom stuff is nicely done, with a bright clean town of innocent, shallow characters and pristine lawns.  It's an exaggeration, but Lynch wisely resists the temptation of straying too far from the source material.  I'd say we see this stuff a bit too much, as their isn't that much to it, but it never gets too tiresome, though it definitely could've been tighter.  The darker part of the picture centers on Dennis Hopper, as Booth.  His performance is pretty legendary, and not without good reason.  He's allowed to play it as over the top as possible with out quite verging into self-parody.  Suffice to say, he's a scary dude.  And while I've seen plenty of stuff that's worse than anything here, the violent, sadistic stuff in this movie is still pretty out there.  The films uses the now cliche tactic of combining graphic violence with an old, non-threatening pop song.  This method is used to better effect here than in any other film I can think of, particularly the great, 'In Dreams' part.  Quite a few people have raved about Rossellini's performance as Dorothy, but I think she's one of the weaker links. Frankly, she's kind of annoying, and is never really developed as a realistic, full character.  (Of course, I don't think she was ever intended to be all that realistic, so I suppose I can't really fault her for that.)  Fortunately, Booth is crazy enough that the fact that his main victim is just kinda weird doesn't matter all that much.<br /><br />Hmm, I guess I don't have too much to say.  The film has an interesting visual style and a novel central concept.  I don't think it's genius, but it works.<br /><br />Grade: B+
...<p>Here Lynch's characters, though outrageous, mildly believeable and at times monsters, are more real than in his later efforts, WILD AT HEART, TWIN PEAKS and LOST HIGHWAY, and his plot, which was called Hitchcockian in early reviews, makes much more sense than in anything he has done since (with the exception of the self-consciously normal STRAIGHT STORY).<p>The performances are world class. The movie ressurrected the career of Dennis Hopper and allowed him to go on to make millions in WATERWORLD and SPEED playing a watered-down version of his Frank character. It also made stars out of Laura Dern and Kyle MacLachlan -- and sank the career of Isabella Rossellini, who was dating Lynch at the time. <p>Though the shocking plot which centers around the sexual abuse of the Rossellini character and an innocent young man (played by MacLachlan) who tries to save her comes with the &quot;not for everyone&quot; warning, at least there is an emotional depth to the horrors that I found missing in the gothic WILD AT HEART and the tedious TWIN PEAKS.
The film opens with artful visuals of a white picket fence, red roses planted beside the fence, and a clear blue sky.  Red, white and blue--the symbols of a quiet, small, middle class town in America.  A fire truck with a dalmation dog standing on its side slowly passes by.  The town's name is Lumberton.  Its state is not mentioned.  This can be any place in America.  But lurking in small town America, hidden in some grass, is someone's severed ear, being brutally attacked by insects.<br /><br />The ear is discovered by college student Jeffrey Beaumont, well played by Kyle MacLachlin.  Jeffrey is home from college because his father has suffered a stroke and been hospitalized.  Up to this point, Jeffrey has been the product of small town Lumberton.  He is naive and very inexperienced in the evil side of life.  So is the young and pretty "teen angel," Sandy, as played by Laura Dern.  Sandy is the daughter of the town's chief police detective.  They meet, fall in love, and become involved in the investigation of the crime of the severed ear.<br /><br />Jeffrey learns that the ear belongs to the husband of lounge singer, Dorothy Vallens, who together with their little son, have been abducted by an evil, psychopathic maniac, with the name of Frank Booth.  Dennis Hopper gives an extremely frightening, over-the-top performance as Frank Booth.  He is the ultimate villain of such hatefulness and repulsiveness, that one cannot stand to look at him.  Ironically enough, Frank Booth clearly sends out signals of vile hatred whenever anyone should look at him.  Dorothy is played by Isabella Rosselini, a beautiful, mysterious, and seemingly very masochistic femme fatale. Jeffrey has never experienced anyone like Dorothy and is instantly captivated. Dorothy also happens to be Frank Booth's sex-slave.  Mesmerized by her, Jeffrey has become Dorothy's protector and lover.<br /><br />"Blue Velvet" is a film of great magnetism and intensity.  After the first few minutes of watching it, I was hooked.  Together with its moments of extreme violence and sadism, as well as its brief moments of "comic relief" (particularly a couple of scenes with Dean Stockwell as Frank Booth's "suave" friend) "Blue Velvet," is one of my favorite all time films.  At least in my opinion, it is also one of the truly great movies of the last third of the 20th century.
Heineken! [....] Pabst Blue Ribbon! Even psychos can make sense. Best movie of the 1980s? Don't know, there were some good ones. David Lynch's best film? Don't know about that either. In his...top three surely. Lynch's most entertaining movie? Hell yeah.<br /><br />I'm just doing a little customer review because I LOVE this movie. What to say, what to say. *Why* do I love this movie? Because of the performances. Kyle MacLachlan, Laura Dern, Isabella Rossellini, and of course Dennis Hopper are terrific. And I love film noir and surreal, atmospheric films so it is kind of up my alley. The story unfolds at a good pace, the dialog holds your attention. At times it is very funny and very creepy. I am fascinated by explorations and depictions of the underbelly of society, the flip-side to the so-called American Dream. Stuff -art, music, social criticism, historical analysis, novels, films, etc.- that mock or at least question if the American Dream is just a crock in the first place, a delusion, a lie. Criminals and transgression are inherently interesting to most people, to some degree or other, and do make a perfect subject for the movies. We can watch safely in our homes or theater and satisfy our curiosities and get a little thrill like when riding a roller coaster or haunted house ride at an amusement park. The often analyzed/discussed beginning of "Blue Velvet" is absolutely brilliant. As is often the case with films, the opening scene shows you exactly what the story is about.
Those familiar with Francis Ford Coppola's surreal psychedelic Vietnam War epic "Apocalypse Now" will probably remember Dennis Hopper as sidekick and foil to Kurtz, a character who represented the savage desires and hidden thoughts buried deep within the shadows of all men's hearts. In "Blue Velvet," Dennis Hopper has graduated from the sidekick to that character, and is now its very embodiment. Change the setting from wartime Vietnam to small town America, put Kyle MacLahan in the role of Captain Marlow, and you may have just described "Blue Velvet."<br />In David Lynch's "Blue Velvet," Dennis Hopper is Frank Booth, a psychotic criminal whose hobbies include drinking Pabst Blue Ribbon, dealing drugs, committing murder, inhaling vast amounts of Amyl Nitrate, and (in oh so many words) having sex with anything that moves. Among Frank's most recent crimes is blackmailing a young woman named Dorothy Vallens (Isabella Rosselini) into having extremely twisted sex with him by holding her family hostage.<br />Meanwhile, a student named Jeffrey Beaument (Kyle MacLahan) returns from school to his small town home to visit his injured father. While there, he discovers a severed ear in a field that eventually leads him to stalk Dorothy and earn the jealousy and hatred of Frank.<br />As Jeffrey confronts Frank, more and more clues come into play that Jeffrey's struggle is not against Frank, but against himself: "You're like me," Frank hisses to Jeffrey, following a spine-chilling rendition of Roy Orbison's "In Dreams," throwing Jeffrey's own morality into question.<br />From the very beginning, Blue Velvet plays out like a Blakean fever-dream about the struggle between good and evil and the contrast between innocence and experience. Those who watch this film should expect a journey through the hidden reaches of their own psyche, and to find their own most wicked and monstrous dreams reflected within.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />A bizarre fever-dream of a movie, Blue Velvet succeeds in its attempts to shock and provides several memorable scenes, but the glossy exterior hides its lack of interesting characters and a soul.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film. lets say this...if you enjoy movies like pulp fiction, big lebowski, and rear window, lynch is really a treat..especially here. i mean, i personally felt like i was in the character, Jeffrey's shoes the whole time.<br /><br />i dont know how some folks dislike this film, but im not going to argue since that is their opinion...just give it a viewing iif you never saw it. at least once.
David Lynch's "BLUE VELVET" is a brilliant display of artistic story telling & film makeing! A perfect example of the director forceing the viewer to take part in the movie by filling in the missing puzzle piece's with his or her own imagination. David Lynch is so far above the rest its ridiculous!
Relish this great director's (maybe)best film in which ordinary places turn into nightmares ( seconds into the film the hero's dad gets stung by a bee then choked almost to death by a garden hose) and nightmare turns into dream (the hero, Kyle McLachlan, is confronted by the woman he has been spying on from her closet within her flat (Ms Rosselini).  She wields a VERY large knife once used as a prop in PSYCHO, orders him to strip, then kneels in front him and the viewer is uncertain whether she is going to castrate the naughty boy or fellate him.  In the event she does not castrate him.) Set design Interiors reflect in every detail the weird and not so weird personalities of the characters - in Dorothy's flat (Ms Rosselini) there is a garish yellow record player next to the mauve sofa with its red velveteen cushions, pink walls, candy carpet, green steam heater and kitsch peuce green flower pots.  The characters seem larger than life - has the girl next door ever oozed as much sex as Ms Laura Dern? Has there ever been a cheap nighclub singer more beautiful than Ms Rosselini and has such beauty every been stripped so bare by the end of the film, a performance of incredible courage. What is it all about? It's all about a boy's adventure.  The boy (Kyle McLachlan) asks at one point "Why are there people like Frank?"  speaking of whom,  when Frank (Dennis Hopper) places the fingers and thums of his right hand together and points them at your forehead, be afraid, be VERY afraid.  Much to relish for the cinema lover. A diamond amongst the pap.<br />To be treasured on DVD.
Dennis Hopper is amazing as Frank, the evil trash talking lowlife. His preformance is so explosive and mind blowing that you'll find yourself quoting his lines for years after seeing this.<br />David Lynch paints for us a surreal portrait of suburbia and it's soft, white underbelly of seedy characters, and sleazy places that only come out at night on the far side of town. It's really brilliant and just downright weird. Notable are Frank's little posse ("I'm Paul), Ben the Pimp and his whorehouse, and Isabella Rossalini (not the best singer in the world) perfectly portrays the abused victim.<br />You'll never think of "In Dreams" by Roy Orbison the same way again. David Lynch was never this weird again with the expception of the incredible Mulholland Drive.
I've seen this movie years ago and again one other time. I decided to buy it and I am glad I did. Now this movie starts off like a good story of a nice neighbor hood but then it gets in to the dark side of things and it really turns. It really shows how sick some people are and tests what about me could I really be sick like that. If you can look at it and see what happens in the dark then you may want to watch it but if you like Mary Poppins type stuff this ain't for you.
The greatest "WTF" movie of all time. Extremely bizarre, but very watchable. It's weirdness has stood the test of time.
I'll keep it short, but sweet.  Blue Velvet's amazing visuals, memorable performances, and haunting musical score have imbedded this film into my mind.  It's a bit dark, but if you like that kind of thing, this should be on your list.
The finest and most famous of David Lynch's films often requires repeated viewings for one to appreciate it. It's quite accessible - far more so than his particularly cryptic projects - but its earnest celebration of small-town innocence, lurid depravity and oddly deadpan performances are likely to challenge the most weathered sensibilities of those few remaining uninitiated cinephiles. By forcing audiences to accept what might seem hokey or facetious at face value by contrasting the movie's Americana idyll with a vicious coexisting criminality, Lynch breathed new life into an increasingly stagnant American market. Ironically, a mainstream breakthrough enabled him to fill a void left in the wake of perished New Hollywood by way of retro stylization. This homage to Hitchcock imbues the trappings of a formal mystery with surrealist flourishes and surprisingly complex characters.<br /><br />If ever a movie deserved a good treatment on DVD, it's this one. Blue Velvet was beautifully and precisely shot with Lynch's usual eye for minute detail. For years, fans whose access to the film was limited to television airings and VHS editions suffered through a horrendous, washed-out pan-and-scan butchery of this picture's sprawling 2.35:1 aspect ratio. The film's anamorphic format was repaired to MGM's first DVD release, but this second "Special Edition" finally restores the full luster of its vibrant, gritty Technicolor. As a result, the visuals are gorgeous, presented exactly as Lynch intended. The audio quality of this disc's Dolby 5.1 English track is also quite fine, even though some of the midrange dialogue sounds faintly tinny in a few scenes. Background and peripheral audio is rendered with outstanding clarity. If the disc contained only the film, it would be well worth its retail price, but there's plenty more here that warrants further exploration.<br /><br />The main menu is impressive in itself: the elegant title hovers above the menu's options, below which a strip of four frames exhibit a montage selection of the movie's many iconic scenes. I needn't mention what the backdrop for this screen is. This is scored by the second half of Night Streets, a reworking of Angelo Badalamenti's main title theme - a sly, romantic synthesis of Bernard Herrman and Shostakovich which actually quotes the latter's fifteenth symphony.<br /><br />The dubbed French dialogue track is very good in terms of both fidelity and vocalization. While the Spanish track is reasonably well-voiced, it's also burdened by a terrible mix of which the volume of all voices is fixed while the rest of the soundtrack is nearly inaudible. The English, Spanish, French and Portuguese subtitles are all clearly presented in the same white, sans-serif font, and the translations of the Romance language subs are as reliably faithful to the dialogue as the English text.<br /><br />All of the special features are worth watching. The average featurette is usually so dull that I feel an urgent need for coffee when I decide to suffer through one, but the documentary on this disc, Mysteries of Love, is a significant cut above most extras of its sort. Ably produced and edited, it draws its narrative from numerous probing interviews conducted for the documentary with MacLachlan, Rossellini, Hopper, Dern, Badalamenti, producer Fred Caruso, DP Fred Elmes and editor Duwayne Dunham; these are interspersed with footage shot on-set during production, as well as scenes from the film itself. The program also draws on interviews with Lynch and the film's sound designer, the late Alan Splet, which were conducted and shot shortly after the release of Blue Velvet. Quite a few amusing and agonizing stories are related by the cast and crew, as are some penetrating insights - the three leads exhibit a distinctly astute understanding of their characters, and while the picture's themes and symbolism are fairly easy to comprehend, only Lynch can explain it all as he perceives it.<br /><br />Those who are looking for deleted scenes will only be treated to visual impressions of them. A while after Lynch halved the four-hour running time of his rough cut in order to complete the finished two-hour cut that he was contractually obligated to deliver, the cut footage was lost and has never been recovered. All we're left with is a montage culled from publicity stills of these scenes, which are fully detailed in Lynch's screenplay. From these, it's safe to say that most of what Lynch cut consisted of filler and a few exciting sequences, all of which are interesting but probably in no way crucial.<br /><br />For those who can bear to watch it, a brief clip from Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert's show At the Movies is included, in which the famed film critics discuss their opposing views of Lynch's masterwork. Anyone who's familiar with these two won't be surprised to find that Siskel appreciates the movie for the right reasons, while Ebert, after acknowledging Lynch's talent, whines like a child (or more accurately, a typically self-righteous papist) because the brutalization of Rossellini's character hurt his feelings. Of course, it's all about him and how he feels. The result is the kind of disorienting conflict of opinion that could often be seen on this show, generated primarily by the disparity between the two hosts' intelligence; Siskel was surely smarter than Ebert by at least 30 IQ points.<br /><br />The disc's three photo galleries contain surprisingly pleasant material. Titled Lumberton, USA, the first of these consists of an array of photos that depict Lynch's interaction with his cast and crew. "International Posters" presents the movie's American, British, Italian and French theatrical posters. A third gallery draws from a series of photos shot by documentarian Peter Braatz that convey a unique perspective of the movie's production.<br /><br />As expected, the enigmatic theatrical trailer is included, as are two shorter, cruder TV spots that are sure to arouse '80s nostalgia in anyone who's capable of it.<br /><br />If you want to find this DVD's easter eggs on your own, please don't read any further. I've uncovered three, though there may be more. In the main menu, navigate below the second tier of menu options; the cursor will transform into a picket fence icon. Selection of this icon will trigger an alternate main menu, the montage frames of which display a different set of scenes. From here, one can again navigate below the menu selections to find that the cursor becomes a robin icon. When selected, this triggers a short outtake from the Mysteries of Love documentary in which Fred Elmes explains the odd set of circumstances surrounding the conspicuously artificial robin featured in the film's final sequence.<br />In the Special Features menu, select the "Special" of the screen's title, which runs an even shorter video in which Lynch provides his opinion of McDonald's.<br /><br />I'm often satisfied to own torrented video files and VHS editions, and don't often feel a strong desire to own a DVD based on the quality of its content, presentation and extras, but this really is an exceptional disc. Whether you're a fan of Lynch, the movie itself or great film making in general, this is a first-rate disc that's actually worth buying.
Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle Maclachlan from The Hidden and "Twin Peaks") lives an idyllic life in the pristine town of Lumberton. That is until his father collapses while watering the lawn, and the spell is broken. Jeffrey finds a severed human ear while walking home from the hospital, takes it to the police, and begins his descent into the dark, corrupt bowels of a Lumberton he never could have imagined. Jeffrey, with the help of the lovely Laura Dern (Wild At Heart, Inland Empire) does his own detective work, finding out things that shock, terrify, yet draw him ever deeper into the hideous, twisted, and perfectly evil world of Frank Booth (Dennis Hopper), his hostage / slave Dorothy Vallens (Isabella Rossellini), and Frank's gang of loathesome thugs (including Brad Dourif and Jack Nance). Jeffrey finds himself emersed in the belly of the beast once Frank gets a hold of him. Can innocence survive an encounter with pure, wicked psychopathy? BLUE VELVET, like other Lynch classics, peels (tears) away the pretty, outer shell, in order to lay bare the rotting jelly within. Highly recommended...
The extras, the transference, the sound everything on this dvd is awesome a must have for any David Lynch fan.
With Blue Velvet, David Lynch creates a world of the truly bizarre. You will never see Dennis Hopper being more creepy than you will in this movie.  A great performance and great film; one that belongs at the top of Lynch's impressive resume.
In my opinion this is Dennis Hopper's best performance ever.  Great film.  Some senstive viewers might get offended by Isabella Rossellini's nude scene or the voyeurism/rape/torture/murder undertones.
I just thought that I would take the time to boast that us English folk who tend to never get anything right when it comes to packaging and what not, have recently had a special edition of Blue Velvet released, and hard as this is to believe, It's better than yours. Not only is it two discs, but the really cool outer design is made out of Velvet. HOW COOL IS THAT!<br />Anyway, just thought some of you might be interested to know that.<p>&quot;You're so F*****G suave&quot;
In what one could regard now as a precursor to TWIN PEAKS, David Lynch explores his primary fascination, the possibly seedy under-belly that may or may not exist in Middle America. <p>Jeffrey(Kyle Maclachlan) lives in an idealic small town. It's picturesque, everybody knows everybody, and the doors are left unlocked at night. However, evil is lurking. Jeffrey discovers this one day as he walks through a remote field, he finds a human ear. Jeff takes the ear to a local Police Detective, who thanks him and then asks him to stay away from the case. But Jeff, with the Hardy Boy inside getting the better of him, does no such thing, and with the help of the Detective's Daughter(Laura Dern) he decides to investigate. His snooping eventually leads him to a mysterious and seemingly disturbed night club singer, Dorothy(Isabella Rossellini), who Jeffrey is uncontrollably intruiged by and attracted to. In fact, it is only when Jeffrey meets Dorothy's derranged tormentor Frank Booth(Dennis Hopper at his twisted best) that he starts to realize that he just might be in way over his head.<p>Bizarre, captivating, hypnotic, and haunting. You've heard these words describe BLUE VELVET before. But that's because these descriptions are very accurate. This is David Lynch's brilliant painted portrait of what might lie beneath. It's violent, it's comedic at times, it's disturbing at others. It's a film that Lynch fans will love, and that non-Lynch fans will find pointless and boring.<p>But then again, that's true of all of Lynch's work. His films are definately an acquirred taste. Here's the best way to describe it. All the mystery aside, it's about a young man who loses his innocence on his way to adulthood. That's BLUE VELVET in a nutshell. In way it's one of Lynch's most straight forward stories(THE STRAIGHT STORY being an exception).<p>So to all Lynch fans to have yet to see BLUE VELVET for themselves, log off your computers, run to your nearest Blockbuster, check out this masterpiece, and be prepared to pay some major late fees. Because this is one film you will want to experience over and over again.<p>Thanks for reading my review.
