Recording with an audience of less than 1,000, this DVD feels like a club recording with it's Dolby Ditigal and DTS audio sound.  Host Mark McEwen gushes a tad much and the 'Live by Request' gimmick is not original.  Still, it manages to captivate.  Fifteen songs (one a medley of eight), five being from the last album, it's a collection that defies the ear with the groups tight instrumentals and harmonies.  &quot;She Keep On Coming&quot; and &quot;You Should Be Dancing&quot; rock the house, while &quot;Sacred Trust&quot; and &quot;How Can You Mend A Broken Heart&quot; lull the audience into a trance.  This recording is unique in that there are plenty of star 'call-ins' and lots of joking around.  Its surprising to hear Barry sing, &quot;Woman In Love&quot;, but &quot;Nights On Broadway&quot; is, once again, cut far too short for a song that contains some of their best work.<p>This is as close as a great live recording gets and a DVD well worth owning.  &quot;One Night Only&quot; is a great live recording as well, but nothing matches the intimacy of this presentation.
This is an awesome concert because the Bee Gees are so relaxed and spontaneous!  It was even fun listening to the request call-ins.  Some of the women said the same things I would have said if I had been able to view it live.  Love those guys!! Also, they performed songs that are not in some of their other recorded concerts.  I highly recommend this DVD!
of course it's really good to hear all the Bee Gees Jams on a Album but live is even better.the only down side is the fact that some of the songs are done in Medley form&that kinda leaves it just there overall to me.but all in all this is a real good show&performance.
I own this DVD, along with their "One Night Only" DVD, & I have to tell you--I love 'em both!! They sound just as good (or better) as when they were younger--I play one after the other at times (there are a few new songs on "This Is Where I Came In") on my stereo, set for DTS--ohhhh the sound is INCREDIBLE!!  I catch myself "boogie-ing"(not sure how to spell that--sorry) constantly...I'm 31 years old & LOVE the Bee Gees!!  What more can I say? :)
Did not play well on my computer where I always play many of my DVD videos(def not a PC problem) but I had no problems playing on my home sorround system.
Kind of bogus request.  Too much of their newest material.<br />Get the One Night Only!
I purchased two DVDs, one for my parents who are huge Bee Gee fans (they're in their late 60s) and one for myself.  As African Americans our (my family) taste in music is culturally diverse and the Bee Gees are on the top of our lists.  This concert is a definite must see ranking right up there with their "One Night Only" concert.  Several songs on this DVD I've never heard before but they have become my favorites. The Bee Gees were very playful/silly/funny in this concert which was a treat to see that different aspect of the group.
This is a fine performance by the Bee Gees who perform "by request", probably the most difficult format for live performers.  They play most of their songs and most fans might complain about various hits that were omitted.  Still an enjoyable performance.
I have been a Bee Gees fan for years.  It is really wonderful to see them again.  I love the songs from the new album &quot;This is Where I In&quot;.  It is really great to hear Maurice take the lead in two of the songs, &quot;Man in the Middle&quot; and &quot;Walking on Air&quot;.  While Barry and Robin have beautiful voices, I really enjoy listening to Maurice sing. After all these years, it is really great to see and hear the joy they still get from their music and from preforming together.<br />While precious minutes of the show were taken up with requests, it was still nice to see their interaction with the fans.  I think anyone who is a fan of Barry, Robin and Maurice will enjoy this video.  I have watched it over and over.  It is really sad that we won't have the chance to see the three of them together like this again.
