Highly recommend this one.  If you haven't seen the first installment, get a copy and watch it then watch this.  Can't/won/t tell you what happens but I highly recommend watching this one.  Good acting by all. I love, love, love Tyler Perry.
Better than part 1! Janet Jackson did a fabulous job in this movie! Please watch this movie, u wont regret it!
Great movie too..sequel to the first movie..take's couples relationship's to the next level...Really happy with purchase until firmware upgrades on Blu-ray player stopped it from playing...AUSTRALIAN BUYER'S BEWARE...
After watching the first movie "Why Did I Get Married", I really wanted to see where they go from here, have the characters resolved the issues or at the least learnt to deal with them. What about forgiveness - no marriage can survive unless the partners learn to forgive each other for their mistakes and move on. And what about trust, can we truly trust those in our lives and know that no matter what we can depend on them and trust them to be true to us?<br /><br />I enjoyed watching this movie, I have to say the outcome was completely not what I expected, but it was good to see them deal with issues that brought them to where they are. Issues that can bring healing and closure!
Anything with Tyler Perry is a must see for me. I have been a fan of his since I watched my first Tyler Perry play. There were so many layers and dimensions to the characters in this movie. A deep story but with the usual fun and "keeping it real" vibe Tyler Perry has in all his stories. I picked up a lot of "what to do and what not to do in a marriage" in this movie and I appreciate that a lot.<br /><br />A few parts or scenes were almost predictable but still essential to the movie as a whole.<br /><br />I fell in love with the set design as well. The end of this movie lends itself to a third movie, I dare say.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003QWVPT4">Why Did I Get Married Too? (Full Screen Edition)</a>What an excellent sequel and follow up to the first movie! We watched this film with a group of friends and it was a really good film to watch with a group of people over the Christmas. The story is quite good and an interesting look at four to five different marriages with their different struggles and triumphs. There was also a surprise twist in the film that kind of caught us off guard. The fact that the film does not actually offer any direct message/advice as to how to make your marriage better, but rather, how to navigate and handle your own marriage problems without comparing yourself to others, was simply brilliant!!! This film is recommended to all married people and those that plan to get married. One final thing, the film shows quite well that what a lot of people think make a marriage work well, such as; lots of money, good status, fantastic job etc., are not in themselves rock-solid, but really life together with each other filled with love is the greatest gift you can ever truly have in a marriage; everything else is a great bonus or a side attraction.
Having watched 'Why Did I Get Married' and now 'Why Did I Get Married Too,' I have grown fond of all the characters in this movie. Many laughs were shared along with tears. Once again, Tyler brought up many hard hitting topics in which married couples face and subtly suggested that refraining from the easiest choice to each problem may be the wisest response. I will say that this movie did have a turn of events in the nearing the end which made one ponder over the Biblical verse: 'Do not let the sun go down on your anger.' I felt the 'year later' segment seemed alittle too 'quick,' but I will not give any more away. Overall, I enjoyed Tyler Perry and his clan and look forward to watching the next sequel!
I just watched it with my wife and as usual it sparked a discussion with her. Tyler's movies tend to elicit lots of conversation and discussion. Lol. Would recommend to anyone who's watched the first one.
It fulfills the contract for a sequel and maybe a third spin off will come from it. The movie was a B-
Love Janet Jaclson so naturally this is why I wanted to see this movie...has a great "real time" concept of what people go through and how some people can handle it. HIGHLY recommend this...semi chick flick :)
Despite all the negative feedback I heard from the media and friends about this movie, I decided to rent it from the RedBox to see for myself.  I absolutely LOVED it and watched it like 4 times over the course of 2 days...LOL!  I thought the acting, storyline, cast and set were perfectly matched to make a great film!!  Many thought it was over the top drama but I found the dramatic elements to be very realistic and take away from the typical fairy tale usually shown in couples movies.  GREAT JOB Tyler PERRY!!!
This is a good movie, even though I did not like to way the movie ended.  I really liked Tyler Perry's first one better; Why Did I Get Married?
Why Did I Get Married too? More like Why did I waste $[...] watching this crap? The real title should be: How does this guy take ten pounds of crap and stuff it into five pounds of movie? WTF was that ending?<br /><br />Good God, this film meandered from the start. It was people sitting around and talking. Then after some airport drama from Angela, going to the Bahamas to TALK SOME MORE. It irks me that in all of Perry's movies he TELLS instead of SHOWS. Hey, aren't people supposed to be DOING things in a movie? Aren't films supposed to be about oh, ACTION? Isn't ACTION supposed to define CHARACTER? That's what I learned from Syd Field and Robert Mckee about screenwriting, but Perry don't know about that because he probably never bought any of these books to learn something about the craft of writing for the screen as opposed to the stage.<br /><br />Man, the writing on this film was SLOPPY, sloppier than previous Perry films. I'm still waiting for dude to learn how to tell a basic story, let alone know how things work ONSCREEN. I'm still waiting for him to learn how to use plot points and use stuff like CONTRAST, IRONY, FORESHADOWING, and SYMBOLISM like Lorraine Hansberry or Spike Lee do in their stories. I'm still waiting for his characters to have some DEPTH and COMPLEXITY. Seriously, a six-year-old could write a better screenplay than Perry, and it would make more sense than anything he puts together in his ridiculous Ed Wood styled plots.<br /><br />I mean, looking at the plotholes in this movie (That ending STILL GIVES ME A HEADACHE:<br /><br />I Love how the guys hooked up with Mike, who shows up out of nowhere.  Shouldn't the timeshare have been settled in the DIVORCE FROM THE LAST MOVIE?<br /><br />Oh and Jill Scott's new husband not being able to find a job as a COP? COME ON!  Civil service jobs are always hiring, even in recessions.  Big cities ALWAYS NEED POLICE OFFICERS to replace retiring ones. The fact that dude had experience in LAW ENFORCEMENT would have been a plus for him. Dude probably would have been selected FASTER than anyone else in pools because of his EXPERIENCE. Blue protects blue, and Blue helps out blue even when it's black. That's the culture of law enforcement. At the least dude would have gotten a Security work or bouncing at a bar. Sloppy writing from Perry there; he should have researched the details. A better plotline would have been about him adjusting to being part of the group. I mean, he's the new guy. He doesn't know these people as closely as they've known each other. Wouldn't they be averse to trusting him or getting to know him better?<br /><br />Angela and Marcus- both these characters were so One-dimensional. If it wasn't for their loud arguing and use as comic relief they'd have no story at all. I love how they never resolve their trust issues and will be back to bicker and act a fool in yet another movie.<br /><br />Gavin being made out to be a heel mid-film. The brotha just wanted to save his marriage and do right by his lady, but he's turned into a monster by Tyler "Man-hating" Perry. Hey Tyler, How about some BALANCE to your stories? How about showing the BROTHERS as complex three-dimensional people and not "good" or "bad"? You do know that people have LAYERS and DEPTH to their personalities, and that people have REASONS for the way they act or react.<br /><br />I Love how Pat never dealt with her issues FOR A SECOND MOVIE. But TP needs some drama for Dwayne to NOT deal with in the next installment. Keeps the suckers (I mean fans) coming back to plunk down cash for another installment. The Rock Cameo was just a diversion to deflect us from underdevelopment of the storyline.<br /><br />I Love how Perry's character and his wife never deal with the deeper reasons for an emotional affair. This entire part of the movie was extremely underdeveloped. Perry tells us his wife is glowing; everybody tells us she's happier than she's ever been. Hey Tyler, Instead of having people joking on the beach, how about SHOWING us some frames of her getting things like text messages and pictures in e-mails?  Again, sloppy writing.<br /><br />Seriously, All the characters came out of the movie just like they came in. That's just bad writing all around. Even Ed Wood had some type of change happen to Glen in Glen or Glenda.<br /><br />Hey Tyler, How about you take some of your millions and pick up Syd Field's Screenplay or Robert Mckee's Story and learn something about screenwriting before writing your next movie.
This was a sequel worth watching.  The characters were built upon, as well as the added value of drama and life lessons to be learned by all.  It's always a plus when the women are "easy on the eyes".
I love all the Tyler Perry movies...and this one certainly does not disappoint.  It takes a very dramatic turn from "Why Did I Get Married?" and is an emotional journey worth the trip.  It's an explosive and heartwarming adventure!
Excellent Movie - THANK YOU - came in a timely manner.<br /><br />THANK YOU - 5 stars! (smiles)
This item I bought was scratchy in the middle of the film. The disk never finished a specific scene and jumped-skipped to another scene. I never received the first copy I ordered though said it was shipped, so a kind woman from Amazon.com sent me another w/o charge or shipping.
I must admit, I'm not crazy about the ending of the movie. However, overall the movie is absolutely excellent. True events that ppl go thru everyday in their marriage and the story line was absolutely brilliant.  I still like the 1st one better just b/c it was the original<br /><br />Tyler Perry can make a movie of monkeys and donkeys playing in a field together (Laughing at my own self)  and I'm still going to support it.<br /><br />The man is genius
Gathered together in the Bahamas for their annual one-week reunion, four close couples eagerly reconnect, sharing news about their lives and relationships. But their intimate week in paradise is disrupted by the unexpected arrival of Sheila's ex-husband, Mike, who hopes to break up her new marriage with Troy and win her back. The others soon realize they too are not immune to the challenges of commitment and fidelity. Angela doesn't believe her husband, Marcus, can be faithful now that he's a celebrity television newscaster. Dianne and Terry's relationship is feeling the strain of raising children. And Patricia, a successful self-help psychologist, must finally reveal the deep flaws in her seemingly perfect marriage to Gavin. With their relationships hanging in the balance when they return home, each couple must choose between blame and forgiveness, doubt and faith, with life-altering consequences.<br /><br />The truth of the matter is that I have mixed feelings about this movie. Am I glad I saw it? Yes! This is one movie I wouldn't mind seeing again (if only to watch Shelia). Did I expect something different? Yes and no. Did I enjoy the movie? Yes, I'd have to say that I did.  The truth is that it is just a different type of movie. The first movie examined how individuals dealt with the problems in their marriages; the good, the bad and the ugly. And in the first movie, they all had better relationships and a greater understanding of each other as people. Now, the second movie addresses what happens when a relationship breaks down (literally) and how we as human beings learn to cope with the change, hardships and difficulties. See, not bad, but different.<br /><br />I feel the mark of a good movie is when you forget you are watching it, and you get drawn into the story. And let me assure you that this will happen. I will admit that this movie had a lot packed into it, but it gives you a fresh look on how these characters have changed, or not changed, over the three years since the first movie. It is a very emotional ride at times, but it all pays off when Shelia embarrasses Marcus, or when Troy stands up for his wife, and Janet's character really shows her other side.<br /><br />The location for the reunion was absolutely beautiful, and get to see the conversations between the men and the women (in individual groups) and then see how the stories match up as the movie continues beyond the weekend get-a-way. There really is no need to describe the story any further because each person will experience it differently. Personally, I thought the movie began a bit slowly, however when it got to the end, I was happy for the slow parts it gave me time to catch up. Overall: if you like Tyler Perry movies, you should see this movie. It is worth the ride, very enjoyable.
"Why Did I Get Married Too" reunites the four couples again for their annual marriage retreat, this time in the Bahamas. It's pretty much the same scenario and plot from the first installment, but this time it's just not that interesting to watch. Sheila's ex-husband shows up alone and unexpectedly to the retreat just to "diss" Troy (Sheila's new hubby) and make everyone uncomfortable. Angela is talking trash once again, and provides the most laughable moments. Lou Gossett, Jr. and Cicely Tyson have a cameo appearance as an elderly couple who still love each other after years of marriage. Their story provides probably the only endearing moment of the entire film.<br /><br />Then there's the usual dialogue about marriage - the guy talk, the girl talk, some drinks, some jokes, some insults and then when the couples return home, that's when all of the trouble begins. I won't go into all of the details, but it's just not plausible that four couples, who are friends, would have so much extreme drama going on in their lives at the same time. This movie was just drama for the sake of drama, and it added nothing to the first "Why Did I Get Married?" which was an excellent movie. I don't know why Tyler Perry even bothered to make a sequel other than to perhaps keep Malik Yoba employed and to show that Janet's acting skills have slightly improved.<br /><br />Like everyone else, I love Tasha Smith's "Angela" character, but she was just way over the top this time. (No man would stay married to a woman who clowns like that in public ALL THE TIME.) The ending was completely unnecessary, considering that this was supposed to be a "romantic comedy". It's obvious that TP didn't really know how to end the movie, so he kept piling on more & more drama until he finally ran out of ideas. (For example, showing up clowning on someone's job just to embarrass them after you've already smashed up the crib? Was this necessary?) I was exhausted after the movie ended. Just way too much melodrama within a 2-hour period. Hopefully, there won't be a "Why Did I Get Married 3?" (or "Why Did I Get Married Again?"), but somehow (unfortunately) I think there will be one.
I give this movie 1 star it would have gotten half a star but that is not an option.<br /><br />Tyler Perry's first problem was relying on Janet Jackson to carry the film. She is not the greatest actress in the world and I understand that her brother Michael Jackson died while she made this movie, but still shouldn't have relied on her. Her performance was better in this film than the previous but not by much. In the first film each couple had equal problems and shared equal screen time developing what caused the problems in their marriages. In this film only Patricia/Gavin and Angela/Marcus stories were really developed. The other two couples Troy/Sheila/Mike & Diane/Terry fell flat and not developed like the other two couples.<br /><br />Angela & Marcus: This story was a little inconsistent, Angela blamed Marcus for catching VD when it was her who got VD first. Angela is checking pulse beats, mileage, and how many miles from point A to point B just proves she is too insecure and why is she in the marriage in the first place. She was the one who cheated first from the first film, yet she is harping on Marcus, first she got on to him in the first film for not having a job and now that he has one that pays well she is still unhappy. I don't get it. She needs to go drink herself into kidney failure. Why didn't Marcus call Angela out on her catching venereal disease first, he had to sit there and take her constant verbal abuse. Should have told her to take a midol and shut her loud, obnoxious ass up. She pulls a Patricia and embarrasses him at his job, could have gotten him fired, and she would complain again how he has no job and how it's his fault he got fired.<br /><br />Patricia & Gavin: I guess since Gavin was going to be killed off, he tried to turn him into an ass, didn't work on me. The only wrong he did was burn the baby photos in a drunken stupor. Patricia gives out advice but can't take her own damn advice, did she sit there and write a pro and con list about Gavin since she told Diane and Angela to do that in the first film....hell no she didn't. How the hell can Patricia write a book about marriage and hers was falling apart. Then she announces the divorce in front of her friends without telling Gavin first, just blind sided him with that bit of important news. Patricia keeps everything bottled in and doesn't discuss anything with her husband and you could tell by Gavin's face that he just looked tired. She takes things too far and goes and embarrass the man at his job by having a gay man pop out of a wedding cake and playing "It's Raining Men." Sorry but Patricia was being a real bitch with issues. Sorry, wouldn't accept any marriage advice from Patricia yet alone read any of her books. Tyler relied on this story to carry the film but Jackson's acting was a no and all her lines were repeated over and over, sometimes in the same scene, she couldn't say anything else but repeat herself.<br /><br />Terry & Diane: This story was the worst throughout the whole film. Diane is all happy and cheerful because she is having an emotional affair with a co-worker. It was never explained why she leaned on this co-worker and not her husband. It seemed that Terry tried everything to spend time with her and this and that. This story fell flat big time.<br /><br />Sheila & Troy: Another underdeveloped story and a cop out. Why was it hard for Troy to get a job working in law enforcement, he has credentials when he was in Colorado. Then pull a Soul Food scene and have Sheila ask her ex-husband to get her current husband a job. Sheila asks the man that abused her both physically and emotionally to get her current husband a job, that makes no sense whatsoever and definitely a wtf moment. The story should have resolved around Troy adjusting the move from the North to the South and trying to fit in with Sheila's friends, since he left everything in Colorado. Mike having cancer was the biggest cop out I've ever seen.<br /><br />Towards the end in the hospital was just dumb, Patricia telling everyone to fix their problems. Sorry dear, your marriage is screwed and not going to fix anything just cause you say so. One couple were dealing with issues that needed longer to heal that being Terry & Diane dealing with Diane's emotional cheating, cause that's a big thing. The ending was just horrible, yea The Rock makes a cameo, now he's going to be a witness to Patricia's bitchiness so he better get out while he can. She writes a book on healing, healing from what her selfish stank attitude, that caused Gavin to dive head first into traffic. Gavin's death wasn't believable because the driver hit Gavin's passenger side and his car wasn't that damaged. She caused two people in her life to die because of her selfishness. Her son because she was in a mad dash from rain water (seriously) to strap her son securely in a car seat. What if the water touched her was she going to melt, might as well since she is such a witch. Then her husband Gavin all over money saying he didn't contribute or write. Patricia obviously lost some damn brain cells because in the first film she writes her books solely on the couples retreat she goes to with her friends and isn't Gavin part of the retreat, she sure as hell doesn't go by herself. I just do not like Patricia. Now she kill Rock if she wants to, I'm punch her in the face and she can write a book on that.<br /><br />This film was just a big letdown.
I enjoyed this movie soooooooooooo much i can relate. They all did a good job and JANET man did she act the hell out of that part i think the passing of Micheal Jackson had something to do with itgood job on her behalf. I don't think i wanted it to end like that BUT Mr. Perry sure made of for it with a surprise guess at the end. I love Angelia and Marcus she maybe loud and sometimes ghetto be we all can relate she just voice what she is thinking. Jill Scott's character in regards to Mike Karma is a B..... some men just cant appreciate whats in front of them until its too late. I laughed a lot and it was fun a very good sequel. I can honestly say I would like to see a 3rd movie made.
I'm generally a supporter of Tyler Perry productions. That being, the plays, and the TV shows. The movies for some reason never do it for me. Why Did I Get Married was not bad. The sequel for me, failed miserably. For one the intense comic relief along with the supercharged drama doesn't blend well for me (i.e. Madea Goes to Jail - the movie) The plot was all too predictable, ex wants the ex back, hubby and wife aren't happy, they argue and tragically one dies..meehhhh.... oh, let's not mention, one has cancer and it's not addressed at all other than when it's mentioned..It just seemed like a mash up of a bunch of recycled movie plots, all put together crudely. Hmm, just didn't sit well with me at all. Sorry.
At the end of this movie Janet Jackson's character drives her soon to be ex-husband to his death and winds up grinning at the end of the movie as she gazes upon her next sexual prospect. This movie ended like a horror movie. It is a terrible example for any Black women who might be watching. That kind of aggressive, sadistic behavior is what you might read in the news, not in a romantic comedy or drama or whatever this melodrama was supposed to be.<br />  I hope Black women do not watch this movie and think this movie ending was okay because it was quite sinister. The Black men also seem unusually weak while the Black women appear dominant. No man really wants a loud mouthed, dominant woman, no matter what Tyler Perry says. This movie gave me nightmares.
After watching I can do bad all by myself, I never thought things could get worse but I stand corrected.  Next came the sequel to 'Why did I get married'.  Admittedly, I loved the first movie so I was looking forward to seeing the second and boy was I disappointed.  Key things:<br /><br />1. Character development - All the relationships all seemed to go wrong, especially the Gavin and Stacey marriage which seemed to be standing on solid rock from the last movie.  Watched this movie and came out not really understanding why?  Why would such a solid relationship that seemed to be healing from the first movie suddenley end up being so catastrophic in the end?<br /><br />2. Angela - This character just ended up being the stereotypical loud, black woman.  To be honest, this character took a life of its own and became unrealistic and mellodramatic.....it's a shame that the screen writer and director of this film did not realize when to press the stop button on the crazy.  Plus no brother like Marcus would ever stay with any woman with that much crazy in her.<br /><br />This movie is nothing short of intellectually insulting.<br /><br />Tyler should stay away from writing movies as what is clear is that his talent is better placed in the Chitlin circuit...or at least he should go to film school, it would definitely help.
This movie is absolutely ridiculous and the only reason I gave it two stars was for the pretty scenery while they're in the Bahamas. I seriously could not believe this movie and truly wanted to stop watching, but like witnessing a train wreck, I could not pull myself away. Honestly, after the first movie that seemed to end with some redeeming qualities about marriage, I thought this one would continue in the same vein, but this was just a marriage basher. After watching this, why would anyone think marriage is a good thing? Two couples have major trust issues, another one  has a wife on the verge of an affair, and the last one, the Janet Jackson marriage is beyond awful. Her character, which always seemed the somewhat calm one, turns into this raging lunatic who wants a divorce for reasons we never know. All in all, please skip this tragically horrible movie. It's not worth the time!
Taking place 3 years after the original, Why Did I Get Married Too? finds the same group of college friends on a week long retreat to discuss and improve their relationship/marital issues. Terry (Tyler Perry) and Diane (Sharon Leal) seem to have bounced back from their previous issues and are devoted parents to their young son and daughter. The loudly overdramatic Angela (Tasha Smith) and Marcus (Michael Jae White) are still fighting, although he's gotten a job as a sportscaster and finally has his act together. Angela is still obsessed with the idea that he's cheating and her irate behind screams out her suspicions to anyone who'll listen. After divorcing her abusive ex-husband Mike (Richard T. Jones), Sheila (Jill Scott) is now married to the more loving sheriff Troy (Lamann Rucker) and the two now have a baby boy. Last but not least are author/professor Patricia (Janet Jackson) and Gavin (Malik Yoba), married for 14 years and viewed as a model for the "perfect couple" (of course there's no such thing) among their friends.<br /><br />Instead of going back to Colorado, the gang vacays at a lush Bahamas resort that seems like heaven on earth. Unfortunately, paradise gets ugly with the unexpected arrival of Mike. The unworthy fool wants Sheila back, but girlfriend's havin' none of it! She's not the passive doormat she once was and has no fear in standing up for herself. To make matters worse, Patricia announces to the group that she and Gavin are getting a divorce.<br /><br />Much like the first film, the ish really hits the fan once everyone goes back home. The civility between Patricia and Gavin crumbles once Gavin stakes claim to the money made from her books. Pat's not going down without a fight and things get beyond nasty. Terry suspects his wife of infidelity, a deal between Sheila and Mike threatens to destroy her marriage to Troy, and Angela's antics get even more out of control. Can these couples get it together or will the drama do them in for good?<br /><br />Before I go into the cons, I have to talk about Janet's performance. While the original showcased Jill's impressive acting chops, the sequel is clearly Ms. Jackson's and she shuts it DOWN! Especially once Pat drops her icy "keep it together although everything's falling apart" facade and loses her mind. "YOU WANT CRAZY?! I'LL SHOW YOU CRAZY!!!!" Her big brother Mike passed away in the middle of shooting and it's clear that the intense scenes were cathartic for her. The pain, anger, and sadness shine through and are at times hard to watch.<br /><br />Now to the not so good things. Way too heavy on the melodrama for my taste. The strength of the first Married was how relatable and believable the issues were and how they were dealt with. This time around it seems like Tyler Perry had more drama than he knew what to do with and didn't know how to go about mending things in a believable way. The scene at the hospital was a poor attempt, I'm afraid. Angela and Marcus' fights were obviously used for comic relief, but didn't we go through all this in the first movie? It's such a retread and a time filler imo.<br /><br />Despite the disappointments, the movie wasn't a total failure. The other cast members did well with their performances and I love Janet's ballad Nothing that's played as a short instrumental throughout the film and heard in full during the credits. The lyrics pull from the story ("Tell me what could the problem be, that's got you drinking way too much" .... "You can even have the password to my phone") and calls for a significant other to drop all "jealousy or insecurities" and know that nothing that come between them. Beautiful. In closing, Married Too isn't as good as the first, but it has it moments. Check it out.
Well, the first one is still my favorite. This one left me with a different view of everything. There are a lot of lessons to take from this one. This one to me is more of this is what could happen when you do this or this is how your life can end up when you do that. I felt this one was more of a teaching tool than entertainment. I left in a daze and in thought of wow, look what can happen in marriage. Look what can happen when you push people, and when you don't forgive or move on.<br /><br />I am still in thought of this one... It will take some time for it all to sink in. It is still a great movie, but it is such a tool of how you can let the enemy use your mind, and the enemy will have you thinking all types of things that may not even be true. I still plan to purchase the DVD of this one once it is out, as we own all of the other ones. I hope there will be a number three.. I would like to see a focus on marriage and in laws as well. Because marriage involves many other avenues.<br /><br />Well I don't want to give too much of the movie away, as I saw this movie for the first time on 4/17/2010 and when we went to see the movie, it was still packed and lines. My mother went with us for her second time. She said she had to see it again, as it was so good to her. One of my co-workers also said that they were going to see the movie again as well. As for me I will wait for the DVD, so that I can relax and really take this one in... again it has so many lessons.. I am still in thought... Hurry out and enjoy!<br /><br />We are still fans! The whole cast did a great job and we want more! Great job to all keep it coming!<br /><br />Another Great Movie to see is called A Good Man Is Hard To Find. I purchased this movie through Amazon.. Bishop Noel Jones is featured. You won't be disappointed.
During this film I sat there and began to wonder if TP actually thinks ALL women are like this.  This film really gives African American womem a bad look, NO we are not all loud and bitchy and complaining and upset with our men, being insecure about them. After seeing this film I then looked back at the other movies he made and it seems all the ladies in them have these big hangups and issues about themselves, they enver been loved, then been abused or mistreated or in a previous relationship with some dude who didnt treat them right so now they are just mean to every man that approaches them.  But at the end of the flick he may throw in a Bible verse and all should be well.<br /><br />When does the movie come out about a happy couple that gets along and makes each other laugh and have some fun.  Relationships are hard and if you want it to work you have to work hard at it.  If not, then leave.  There should be no yelling and cussing and screaming.  I mean grow up already!  Where is the positive, where is the love, I dont see any here, just people not communicating, not supporting each other, accusing each other of stupid stuff and then one big happy ending.<br /><br />I may have to re-think his films from now on if they re all going to be like this.  In the black community sure we have our issues but not every damn one is like this, some of us are actually happy.
I usually enjoy Tyler Perry movies.  This one was just over the top melodrama with no  laughs.  The characters jumping to (wrong)  conclusions and the vindictive, uncontrolled reactions wore thin.  Stick with the first movie.
I ENJOYED THIS MOVIE BUT I STILL HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THE TITLE. THE WORD "TOO" MEANS ALSO. I KNOW AN EDUCATED MAN LIKE TYLER PERRY WOULD KNOW THAT. MAYBE HE SHOULD HAVE USED A WORD LIKE "ANYWAY". YEAH, THAT'S IT, "WHY DID I GET MARRIED, ANYWAY? ALSO, I AM JUST NOT HAPPY THE WAY PATRICIA JUST WENT BERSERK. FIRST SHE SIMPLY ANNOUNCED HER PENDING DIVORCE TO ALL OF THE COUPLES WITHOUT EVEN AS MUCH AS A DISCUSSION WITH GAVIN, LEAVING HIM SPEECHLESS. THEN SHE FLIPPED COMPLETELY OUT WHEN HE REQUESTED THAT THE MONEY FROM THE SALES OF HER BOOK BE SPLIT WITH HIM. AND HOW ABOUT WHEN SHE GOES TO HIS OFFICE WITH THE CAKE AND THE TRANSVESTITE INSIDE. TO TOP IT ALL OFF IN GAVIN'S ATTEMPT TO GET AWAY FROM THE ONCE STABLE AND TOGETHER PATRICIA HE GETS INTO HIS VEHICLE, SPEEDS AWAY AND GETS STRUCK BY AN ONCOMING TRUCK. NO! NO! NO! I AM NOT HAPPY AT THE WAY THIS MOVIE ENDED AT ALL. AND I FELT SOME OF THE STORYLINES WERE UNFINISHED. DID THE SITUATION WITH DIANE'S EMOTIONAL AFFAIR WITH SOMEONE NAME PHIL GET RESOLVED. AND HOW ABOUT MICHAEL? SHEILA WAS TAKING CARE OF HIM BECAUSE HE HAS CANCER. THAT WAS LEFT UNFINISHED TOO. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO TRULY SAY ABOUT THIS MOVIE, EXCEPT IT IS GOOD AND VERY WATCHABLE. BUT THE TITLE AND THE STORYLINES COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER THOUGHT OUT. I GAVE THIS MOVE 4 STARS BECAUSE TYLER PERRY IS A GOOD STORYTELLER WITHOUT ALL OF THE UNNECESSARY PROFANITY AND SEXUAL SITUATIONS.
Yet another Tyler Perry movie: everything wrapped up in a neat bow. There were twists that kept the movie interesting and entertaining. It's hard to expect reality from Tyler Perry because that's not how he operates when it comes to his movies. I enjoyed the acting of course: Janet Jackson and Jill Scott held it down. It's a must see, as well as the first one, but I'm not sure if I would want to watch it more than once, let alone own it.
Let me 1st start by saying, people really need to stop comparing the 1st movie to the sequel.  They are not alike in anyway, and thats the way it should be.  The sequel is three years later with a new couple/new baby, an ex-husband and new circumstances for each couple.  The only real similarities are the problems that existed for some are still there, but thats it.<br /><br />Overall it was a good movie. As much as I like Tasha Smith in the 1st one, she really irritated me in this one.  I could have done without her in many scenes, and much of her scenes were for comic relief, it was over the top this time around.  I really liked Sheila's character this time around as well.  She is definitely more sure of herself, happy being in the place she is in now.  Janet, WOW!!! she really came strong in this,  Two thumbs up for her, and I hope she continues with acting.<br /><br />I also agree with another reviewer about Sheila's husband not being able to find a job as a Cop. Tyler could have done better research on this one, and just gave the man a job, and made his new job more demanding, with long hours, away from his new family, the focus of their issues.  Not being able to find a job as a cop, was just unrealistic.<br /><br />I always thought Janet and Gavin's relationship was more show/fluff and there was something hiding under the surface, but I will not spoil it and leave it at that.<br /><br />Adding the older couple, (Louis Gossett Jr and Cicely Tyson) was brilliant.  They were great together, and told an amazing story of how they met and married!!!<br /><br />If there is going to be a 3rd movie, (the ending makes you think it will be), I would love to see how Sheila and her husbands relationship progresses.<br /><br />Overall it was a good movie, and I plan to buy the DVD.
Tyler Perry put his foot in this one! WDIGM2 was fantastic, the acting was great, the storyline was superb. Although the Angela character gets on my last nerve, the other cast makes up for. I laughed and cried, you will not be dissapointed! Highly recommend, can't wait for the dvd!
If you:<br />enjoy listening to lots of emotionally violent arguments...<br />like seeing married people shoot daggers at one another as a way of life...<br />find it entertaining to observe people who know nothing about emotional or physical boundaries...<br />have a nervous system which is not over-taxed by incessant negativity...<br />define "entertainment" as being yanked from catastrophe to catastrophe...<br />have no expectation that relationship insights will be offered in a movie about relationships...<br />think it's normal for so-called professionals to have only destructive coping skills when faced with conflict...<br />value seeing movie characters reduced to two-dimensional caricatures...<br />are OK with the fact that the plot seems so loosely strung together, there's hardly a story...<br />then you'll surely like this movie.<br /><br />I did paperwork while it was on, but was hardly motivated to keep my eyes on the screen.  Several times I had to significantly lower the volume, because the negativity was really getting on my nerves.  There was nothing satisfying about the ending, either (which I had foolishly hoped for, because then the time spent on the movie might have added up to something).<br /><br />This movie has nothing to do with the Tyler Perry abilities I've seen elsewhere. (Did he maybe hand the script to a porn flick director (?), because that's pretty much the level of "drama" offered in this production.) If I could give this video less than a star, I would.
I saw this movie in the theater and just thought it was awesome. If you liked the first one you should most certainly love this sequel.  The movie picks up right where they left off on the first one. I liked the fact that they kept all the orginal characters and developed their lives even more.  This movie was funny, sad, awe inspiring and mostly makes you look at your life with a different outlook at the end. Another big hit for Tyler Perry. I even had my husband say he liked it and he is definetly not a chick flick kind of guy. So I defintely recomend adding this to your Tyler Perry collection as will I.
I enjoy Tyler Perry's work and after seeing Why Did I Get Married, of course I had to see the follow-up.  The story line was ok but the character Angela was just too much and too loud!  No one would be married to this woman and why should spouses give each other their cell or email passwords.  Just because you are married doesn't mean you can't have privacy...it's called TRUST!!  Husbands, wives, and couples in a committed relationship should stay out of each others purses, wallets, and electronic devices.  I'm married and my husband NEVER answers my phone.  One time my phone was ringing and I asked him to get it for me, he said let it go to voice mail.  If you want to check your spouse's cell, just get a detailed bill.  I assume most married people are on the family plan anyway.
one yes people forget what they learned and go back to there old ways. So sometimes they must learn again but the movie was not believable the 2nd time thru and was overplayed quite a bit.<br /><br />Next the ending of the movie was VERY bad story telling and was not fond of the movie I feel it could have been done much better than it was so that is why I gave it a 2 out of 5<br /><br />I did like the first movie and would give it 5 stars but when you have a 5 star and deliver a 2 star film that is bad.<br /><br />shame shame
I thoroughly enjoyed "Why did I get married?" despite being dragged to the theatre to see it. I was in a relationship at the time and was told I was similar to the one of the characters.<br /><br />So when the sequel arrived, I was excited to see what had 'become' of them? Had Angela and Marcus finally worked their issues out? Would all the characters be happier as it seemed they were at the end of the first movie?<br /><br />**Spoilers**<br /><br />The movie opens and you get the backdrop that the couples are going on their annual retreat but this time to the Bahamas. A lot has changed. Children have been introduced and strains have been added to other marriages.<br /><br />What I had enjoyed about the first flick was the 'bond' between the couples as well as their bonds as girlfriends and guy friends.<br /><br />In the second film, each character seemed to have changed and left a different feel to the film. The same actors were used but you could sense that they all were somehow not the same.<br /><br />It's a movie I would watch again to see if I missed something in the theatre.. but I'm not sure I'd own this sequel.
I thought that the second movie was great. I felt that Janet did a much better job in the second movie, and it showed that even people who are doctors who deal with people's problems on a day to day basis, may also have problems of their own. I felt that it was good that Sheila and Mike's characters were explored. In addition, the Bahamas was a beautiful setting and choice for their one-week getaway. I enjoyed seeing some actors who are legacies such as Cecily Tyson and Louis Gossett Jr. I enjoyed the movie so much.
I appreciate his perspective on marriage. As a young couple with two children, this is an inspiration to my wife and I. We both are educated and find it rare to see the truth in successful AAs in the community on film. There is a such thing as a successful marriage in today's society. Good job Perry!
Just finished watching it and I was so disappointed.  Too much negative drama. I expected it to have more funny moments and less over the top drama.  The ending was SO DISAPPOINTING!
Feeble attempt to rip off the first movie. Do not waste your time or money unless you like watching mean-spirited, bitter films.
I am all for an all black cast, but don't undermine my intelligence by trying feed me crap.  The comedy was non existent, and the drama was horrible.  TP is good, but he missed the boat on this one!  I saw it at the $3 dollar theater 2 weeks after it's release, and even at $3, I think I spent too much!<br /><br />All my girlfriends who saw it agree.  TP tried to do wayyyyyy to much on this film!
TGFT---Thank God for Tyler!!<br />I am so glad that Tyler Perry makes movies that people of color can relate to.  As someone who never made it through an episode of "Friends", "Seinfield"  or some of those otherwise "popular" shows, it is refreshing for me to see entertainment that speaks to me.<br /><br />Some critics want to bash Tyler for not depicting his characters exactly as they think they should be portrayed.  They try to compare his work to so-called mainstream writers and directors.  And they nit-pick the heck out of every detail of his movies saying they aren't factual.  But these same critics give accolades to movies like "Knocked Up" and "The Hangover" and other stupid, who-gives-a-damn-about-real-life type of movies. Movies ARE supposed to be entertaining and fun, not trashy and moronic.<br /><br />And speaking of entertainment, for those who critique his movies as not being factual, keep in mind they are MOVIES NOT DOCUMENTARIES.  If you're so hard up for facts, stay home and watch The Learning Channel and The Discovery Channel.<br /><br />Tyler, please keep entertaining us!!!
I WENT TO SEE THIS MOVIE WHEN IT CAME OUT AND I LOVED IT! I CRIED AND LAUGHED AND CRIED AND LAUGHED! ITS SOO GOOD! AND THE END IS SOO INTENSE! I WILL BE BUYING THIS TO ADD TO THE WHOLE COLLECTION OF TYLER P PLAYS AND MOVIES I ALREADY HAVE!
I enjoyed this movie. It was definitely an improvement from the movie version of "I Can Do Bad All By Myself", however I did feel somewhat disappointed when I left the theatre.<br /><br />There were two things I didn't like about the movie. The first one is Troy's storyline (Sheila's husband) about being unemployed was too similar to the Lem character in "Soul Food" and the second thing I didn't like was the ending.<br /><br />I don't want to give the movie away for those of you who haven't seen it yet, so I'll just say the wrong character was chosen for that particular scene. Maybe after you've seen it, you'll agree. Maybe, you won't but I've dealt with something similar and it takes a lot longer than a year to bounce back from that.<br /><br />I do know that all movies don't have a happy ending but that whole scene should have been re-written so that the movie could have ended on a high note.<br /><br />Overall, it was a very entertaining movie and I enjoyed it. I just didn't like the ending, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5. Also, Janet Jackson acted her heiny off. She has definitely come a long way from "Poetic Justice." All of them did a great job acting but Janet was the centerpiece. Hats off to you, Janet!<br /><br />Keep up the good work, Tyler! Still a fan and still in your corner.
This movie seemed rushed and so unlike Tyler Perry.  It is truly my least favorite of all of his movies.  I almost walked out of the theater...to me, it was just that bad and there is NO comparing this movie to "Why Did I Get Married". There was no need for a sequel if it was going to be so terrible.
Anybody going to see "Why Did I Get Married, Too?" knows what to expect.  The critics seem to hate Tyler Perry's work while audiences love it.  Maybe they hate his Christian themes, or maybe they just don't like to see a movie about relationships that is so real.  To put it simply, this movie is genuine, sincere, intellectual, emotional, and just plain awesome.<br /><br />The acting is on par with the original "Why Did I Get Married?"  I loved the acting before and I still like it now.  Troy, Sheila's new husband, is probably my least favorite actor of the bunch, but he's still good in quite a few of his scenes.  The emotional sequences really allow these actors to display their talent leaving me very impressed.<br /><br />One complaint I've read from a few critics is that the "violent" acts of the husbands seem to be excused.  Well, I don't know about these critics but my wife likes it when I get firm and controlling.  It's not my nature to be agressive with her so she finds ways to draw out that aggressiveness from me.  She wants to know I can be sweet but firm when I need to be.  I feel like the husbands in this movie were behaving in a way that would really excite the target female audience of this film, and it definitely excited my wife in some positive ways (especially because none of the husbands ever hit their wives or even hurt them in any way that I can remember).  It gave me a few pointers as well that will aid me in developing the kind of firmness my wife desires.  Tyler Perry doesn't try to be politically correct in this aspect.  Men and women are different, and his characters exemplify this (except for Marcus and Angela, perhaps).  But remember in the original how Marcus finally got angry at Angela?  She LIKED it.  Some women want that type of treatment to feel feminine and like they are married to a MAN, so critics need to back off and understand that not all people are as narrow minded as they are regarding relationships.  Maybe they need to man-up in their marriages, but they are too scared so they jab at movies that show how they should be acting.<br /><br />Sorry for the rant, but I think this is an important reason why critics will always bash Perry's movies.  They can't handle his depictions of the male and female roles in marriage or his Christian values.  Anybody who does like his style knows this movie will be awesome.  The ending is going to be a love it or hate it moment, but I thought it worked well (apart from the very last scene, but I can live with it).  You will see some great moments that tug on your heart strings, so get ready for a great experience.  This movie definitely made me cry.
I really loved the 1st movie "why did I get married anyway"?  This one was not up to par for me. I usually like all Tyler Perry's movies, but didn't particularly care for this one. I didn't even like the ending.
I loved the first movie "Why did I get Married" and thought I would enjoy this one as well.  Whereas the first film dealt with serious marital issues there was also quite a bit of comedy laced in, which I liked.  The second one didn't have any comedy (or not much) and everything was so gut-wrenching and sad I almost couldn't take it. All of their problems were huge and just seemed so depressing-- it did make me cry a lot.<br />It's very well acted but I guess I was looking for a little less serious themes, as in the first one.
I didn't see the first movie so missed some of the back story.  Exceptional acting here and very touching performance by Janet Jackson.  Good values and practical information for marrieds.  Tyler Perry is a master at what he does - all different things - and this is one of the best.
I love Tyler Perry movies.  They never fail to please.  Always looking forward to the next one! Never seen one I did not like!
What no Madea!  Yes that's right  and the casting has a great chemistry to them too. You will enjoy this one.
Great movie and was just as enjoyable as the first. I think that the acting and the story was great. The cast put together to do this movie was outstanding
Tyler Perry is a great producer, He can work the mind of life  ups and downs in our own culture frame work of life; American seems to have a issue With a African American Man Calling the shots to his work life>
This movie pick's up where we left off the last time in the 1st movie updating us on everyone's lives and i must say the writing in this is excellent! The story line's may not have gone the way we wanted for some of the character's but it's still great and the cast they really bought their A game to the set and gave us some great material.
did not like the way it ended the first one why did i get married was much better and i did not like the way it eneded.
Why did I get married 2 was a great movie. Actors were well suited for their roles and story line was excellent.
Get ready for laughs, then get them tissues ready ladies. Tyler Perry is on the roll, he's blessed no doubt there!
well this is a very touching movies worth the watch it is the second part to one and it is more emotional and deep and sad a little very amazing i loved it had to have it so i bought it
Another excellent Tyler Perry movie a must see. Struggles that couples face and how they handle the situations that come their way. How if you don't have trust in a marriage makes you very suspicious of everything. What could happen to a marriage after losing a child if you don't deal with it when it happens. What happens when you don't appreciate each other and they start to turn to someone else. This does have a sad moments and laughter as well.
This movie was both enjoyful and suspenseful.  It kept you on the end of your seats as you were waiting for the conclusion of the movie.  Well written; hats off to Tyler Perry.
The sequel to WHY DID I GET MARRIED?  Fans of the first movie must have this one.. it's amazing!! Beautiful scenery, with the same amazing cast.. trying even harder to sort out their marriage issues. TYLER PERRY, VERY WELL DONE!
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 0:24 Mins<br /><br /></span>
I was Pleasantly Surprised to see that my package arrived earlier than was expected.  I also appreciated that ALL the DVDs were in Great shape and NEW like the description said. I would definitely order from this company again.
nice to see a moview where the black men are not the source of every conceivable ill black women face.  having said that, perry doesn't do hetero well.  his lines and demeanor are too sensitive.  angela sets the image of black women way back.  unfortunately milder versions of her temperment are ever present among black women in the real world.  too many of the lines between the couples seem to be lifted from a conversation w/ oprah winfrey or maya angelou.  example, jill scott told hubby:  "babe . . . don't punish me for trying to get close to you or you make me feel like doing something deserving of the punishment; feel me on that?"  what kinda crazy ish is that?!  he should have said, "no B, i don't feel you.  that is stupid and selfish .. . and manipulative. and you would never tolerate that attitude from me.  feel ME on that?!"  the actors too often say what the writers think they should say, as opposed to how people actually talk in the real world.  but hey, its just entertainment.
As usual Tyler Perry has done an excellent job of portraying characters in a "real" light. However, be prepared for some serious emotion in this one. Bit too close to home for me, but DEFinitely worth the watch.
Its the best movie s<br />I have ever seen it has alot<br />of detail I bought it like 6 months ago<br />and i watch it every night I know every<br />word thats in that movie my husband think that I<br />should stop watching a hang out with him. Thats<br />how much I love it. You should buy it. Its great and order it now<br />and its free Igot mine for free
I've never been married, so I love watching these types of movies that make me wonder and think about what it will be like.  This movie was very touching and provided alot of issues to think about.  Overall, it's a pretty good movie.
I hope that he makes a part 3, I am also glad that he has a series coming out. Despite the negatives and positives Tyler Perry always has a great message in his films.
My dvds arrived in 7 day.They were in excellent shape and easy return instructions.I paid 1/2 the price I would have paid between $25-$26 for these movies.... Thanks Amazon
I hate that it ended the way it did but that's life.  I was so shocked but this is one of my all time favorites out of the many that Tyler has written.
Why Did I Get Married Too was a great purchase. I wouldnt say it was as a good as the first but was close... Janet Jackson really showed her acting skills in this one..
Love all of the Tyler Perry movies.  Saw the first<br />YdidIgetmarried.  Loved it.  This one is good also with a surprise ending.
Tyler Perry is a blessing and a genius. This movie had everything: laughter; tears; exhileration, education , etc , etc. Janet Jackson came out as an actress in this movie. This is her "coming out/stepping up" movie. She did a good job in the first insatllment. She did good in the movie with Eddie Murphy. She had an Oscar nomination worthy performance in this movie. I did not know she had it in her. Everyone else played their parts to perfection, but Janet shines. And I am speaking as someone who has not been a great fan of her acting skills. Janet stretched from every end of the acting spectrum. Jill Scott has become as good an actres as she is a singer. Her character has gained strength , while still vulernable from past pain. She grounds her feet to walk with her new husband, while establishing lines of emotional defense, so as not to be hurt that way again. The test of her ex on h er marriage was done to perfection, with the surprise of his situation at the end making us all turn hate to compassion. Marcus and his crazy wife, Angela, per the first film, provided so much laughter. Whatever fans of Perry were looking for from him, we got it. Whatevery your definition is of marriage and it's trials  were found in this movie, with the exception of a spiritual angle. This movie did not fail with any of my expectations. It reached all goals, which is why I gave it  5 stars. Not that it was Schindler's List, but it was an original sequel that kept my eyes on the screen, waiting for the next comedic, dramatic, heart wrenching moment. There were plenty of characters to root for, get mad at and be surprised at. This movie has it all; a rare sequel that tops the original. Perry reached for the stars  with this one. After watching, the stars are in his rearview mirror. Pery does it again with "Too". This "Too" takes second to none. It is No. 1 with me.
I won't spoil this one for you but if you have seen 'Why Did I get Married?' you have to see this one.  This is the follow up to the first one and it really gives you a sequel that you really don't want to miss.  While I personally enjoy Tyler Perry movies and I do admit that some are better than others. This one is one of the better ones. Oh, and if you haven't seen the first one, please buy it first before you get this one.
I really enjoy Tyler Perry movies.  Especially the "Why Did I Get Married" series.  The couples are funny and enlightening.  I got this DVD for a great price.  I ordered it on Black Friday and it's Monday and the postman was ringing my doorbell.  Great customer service.  I love ordering from AMAZON.COM.
this movie is great it has everything thats real in todays realtionships... any girl would love this movie not only does it have some great eye candy but it also has real issues we go through and real outcomes. i definitely recommend this movie to others even my partner enjoyed watching this.
As always, Tyler Perry puts a great movie together combining love, hope, drama, and humor.  The characters in this movie are awesome as well!  Great movie for the whole family.
I really love this series of movies by TP. It really speaks volumes about real life relationships. All to often, people are dead honest with their best friends and choose to hide things from their mates (who ideally should be their very best friend). Many of us, as in the movie, fear rejection, being viewed negatively or failing some high standard in the eyes of the one we love. This usually ends badly.
THIS WAS AN EXCELLENT MOVIE, I ENJOYED IT IMMENSLEY, JUST AS MUCH AS THE FIRST ONE.
Tyler Perry has been films about marital problems and women struggling to find a foothold (mostly African American)for several years, these films have been successful and have found a niche audience. Mostly his films are very well made and have good plotlines. WDIGM2 is a sequel to WDIGM and supposedly tries to move the story forward. At the heart of the story is Patricia (Janet Jackson) and her suffering husband Gavin (Malik Yoba). Terry ( Tyler Perry)  who suspects his wife Diane (Sharon Leal) is cheating on him, Angela (Tasha Smith) is convinced her husband Marcus (Michael Jai White), is cheating on her. Sheila (Jill Scott) is now married to former sheriff Troy (Lamman Rucker), having relocated cannot find a job. These suffering couples meet at a marriage retreat in the Bahamas (so lovingly captured ) to reflect on their marriages. Trouble starts when Mike (Richard T Jones), Jill Scotts ex husband arrives. The film follows these couples and their imploding marriages. The actors do a decent job and Janet Jackson is an improvement. Tyler Perry directs and once again does a decent job in making this very predictable tale interesting partly because he is skilled in his craft. Production values are superb but I wish that they had concentrated on the script a tad bit more. On the whole, I enjoyed the movie and yes, there is going to be a sequel. I gave it three stars. 10/27/10
success sprouts triteness with rapidly produced projects.  Perry needs to go back to the drawing board
I loved this movie, teaches us how to appreciate each other, the ending was very sad though. Tyler Perry's movie always has some kind of life lesson message sin his movies. A definite must see if you wondered why you got married!
I only got to see bits and pieces of this movie until tonight when I was able to watch this film in its entirety; I have to applaud Tyler Perry because he really brought out some issues that face married folks; He also brought out some things that make marriage sweet. My heart went out to Patty and Gavin(Janet Jackson and Malik Yoba)as well as Richard T. Jones(talk about karma) and Brian(Michael Jai White) because to be honest he couldn't catch a break coming or going although Angela kept you laughing here she really did. I loved Cicely Tyson and Louis Gossett Jr's roles as well. They gave hope that somehow life goes on and it is still good. great movie on the institution of marriage but it makes you wonder whether or not it is worth it.
Thank you for having this video I loved it and have reccomended to others.  Best video I have seen all year... And I received it quick and in good condition.
There's nothing to say, except this was an enjoyable movie, Perry knows how to reach tne sensitivity of the heart.
I EXCITEDLY LOOKED AT THIS MOVIE VIA CABLE (ON DEMAND) AND IMMEDIATELY ORDERED IT! THIS MOVIE IS INTENSE, YET SENSITIVE AND FOR A MAN WHO ISN'T MARRIED TYLER PERRY HAS AN AWESOME GRASP OF WHAT MARRIED LIFE IS LIKE. HE PLAYED HIS ROLE SO NATURALLY, THAT I FORGOT THAT HE WAS A SINGLE MAN. I WOULDN'T MIND A PT 3!!!! (DID JJ GET W/THE ROCK??? HMMMMM)
I was a little worried that Tyler wouldn't be able to pull off a sequel but he did it.  Even though it wasn't as good as the first it was funnier in my opinion.  The storyline was decent carrying over the drama from the first and the ending to me seemed like a quick way to rap it up.  I do not regret buying this movie and I would not mind watching it again.  I saw this one as more of a comedy even though it had it's "sad" parts.  I would recommend it if you enjoyed the first.
if you love Tyler Perry this is definitely a must have, a movie with a cast of great well known stars.
GREAT MOVIE.  SUPERB ACTING BY JANET JACKSON.  THIS ONE WAS BETTER THAN THE FIRST ONE.
Okay, so Janet is an AMAZING actress, I love her brother MJ so thats why I rented this. I was amazed at the emotion she put into her character, this movie is NOT for young children! She did amazing channeling the anger that Patricia had to potray, I think this is a MUST SEE movie!
I ordered my movie on Labor Day and recieved by Friday.  It came in great condition, the box is perfect and there are no scratches on CD... I would for certain order with this seller again...
I gave it three stars because Janet Jackson was good. 5 stars for her.3 stars for her and the whole movie. Tyler Perry is using the same material. Nothing changed. Angela in the airport acting like a fool was really dumb. But Janet was awesome. I loved her. Other than that I can do without.
I haven't seen a real good movie since this one came out. My husband and I went to the movies to see it and I had to buy it. Thanks for the fast shipping.
Tyler Perry has done it again. Why Did I Get Married Too? was an excellent movie. I saw it at the theater when it first came out then I pre-ordered it through Amazon. Watching it the second time was just as good as the first. This movie hits right on the money when discussing relationships. Also, this is a clear message that life is too short so cherish the ones you love. Glad I have this in my collection.
Wow, wow...wow! I cannot say anything else. 90% of the time the second movie is not not very good. However,in my opinion the second movie was better than the first. Its like Tyler Perry looked right into the heart and soul of men and woman and pulled out the very essence of most marriages and relationships today! This movie will be a keeper on my shelf and a constant reminder of why we always need to reach beyond ourselves and trust GOD to lead us and get rid of our selfish natures. I loved it, well done Mr. Perry!
Way too sad and depressing.  Not entertaining at all.  Can't believe that this movie has been rated as 4 stars.  The first one was much better.<br /><br />Hopefully this is the end of the "Why did I get married" films.
The plot was totally unrealistic.  What a waste of time.  TP, please don't make a third edition.  A lot of beautiful black people but there was no real character development.  Would not recommend this film.
I have to admit I did not recognize any actor in the movie from any previous play. As such, the five husbands and four wives all sounded real and believable as well. Four middle class black families stayed close together and managed to support each other as hard as the fast pace of society could permit. They all shared the temptation of sexual gratification, materialistic satisfaction, and light spirited judgment, despite of their slightly diverse backgrounds.<br /><br />The movie narrates four parallel life stories that shared marriage for convenience.  People who could get jobs, must find a spouse, build home, and have kids.  The new nests that was intended to bring tranquility to life were threatened from inside as well as from outside.  Internally, the mistakes of the individuals' past were lurking inside traumatized souls and would soon return to haunt the individual in similar circumstances to those of his/her past.  Externally, job insecurity and social interaction would impose constant challenges on the marital bond.  Each family struggled with ego, selfishness, and short temper.<br /><br />When money was tight, man's spousal abuse kicked in and split one of the four families.  When money was abundant, jealousy kicked in and occupied an insecure wife to bash her husband to complete submission. When money was not a factor, a well educated attorney aimed for greener grass than hers. When a wife excelled academically ahead of her husband, paranoia and selfishness poisoned the souls that led to loss of life.<br /><br />The fat and least educated wife endured abuse till the bitter end of divorce. Even divorce did not relieve her from her abuser. The obnoxious and nosey wife succeeded with her relentless battles to overwhelm her husband. The most educated wife could not relate to love or settle down before ending the life of her husband. The successful and young attorney wife let her fantasy spoil her intimate ties with her husband.<br /><br />Violence was properly presented, as it would in real life, with the least of exaggeration.  All black and athletic males acted with greater restraints and integrity than the clich&eacute; stereotyping presented in white-dominated movies.  They did not snap, hit, or attack randomly or arbitrarily, but rather reasoned, weighed and made the best decisions.<br /><br />The apparent trend in the scenarios of the four families was the lack of any church activities, the indulgence in travel, fun, and work. Through life tragedies, they learned to let go and tide their lives' harshest episodes for the sake of saving their fragile bonds.
I'm not a movie person, and I am someone who tends to watch a movie one time and then, more or less, forget it. I also tend to really dislike watching "black" movies, which I will explain more in a second. However, I will not soon forget this movie, and this was neither a waste of my time nor money. I will certainly watch it again. It mixes realism with sensationalism in such a way that what is real about the movie keeps you just as interested as what is there to serve as a "message" or to make you react.<br /><br />Unlike one reviewer, I found this to be one of the rare cases in which the "sequel" is superior to the first release. One reason off the top of my head, without giving anything away about the movie: Janet Jackson has been acting for, what, over 30 years, on and off...this is the first time in all those years that I've sat and watched one of her performances and just thought to myself, "Whoa, Janet can ACT!" She did a superb job, which is rare to say for actors/actresses who are predominantly thought of as something else, i.e. a singer. She and the writers took the character that she was in the first release and really revealed another side to her as opposed to other characters in the movie who made the movie seem more like "why is there a second part to this movie coming out," i.e. they had nothing new to bring to the table such that we need another "Why Did I Get Married?". Another reason for my finding this to be better than the first release is because there were several emotional moments in the movie. I went to see this with my mother, and it seemed like it reached a point where she was crying every other scene.<br /><br />My problem with "black" movies is I feel that they make black women look bad, particularly modern "black" movies. I cannot think of one modern "black" movie ("modern" being in the past few years...let's say 5 or so) that does not do this or doesn't disproportionately make black women out to be the villain in relationships and/or social interactions moreso than black men--though, as I said, I am not a movie person--and this is no exception. When I mention characters who just seem to be the same ole same ole from the first release...I do not know her character's name, but the one woman who is always screaming and yelling at her husband (I think his name is Marcus) at the top of her lungs, embarrassing herself, him and everyone around them. That's obvious--she is the embodiment of the stereotype that so many people have of black women.<br /><br />But in this release, one of the characters just, seemingly, out of the blue is revealed to be having an emotional affair with another man. She was completely devoid of remorse until the husband confronted her, and there were no major problems presented to the audience in their relationship that would "justify" her affair. Her husband is and, pretty much, always has been depicted as a very good man and husband to her, as well as a good father...she just ups and has an affair. I figure it was added for sensationalism/making several points in the movie, but it also just seemed unnecessary to me in the sense of...well, the other women's characters are also, in some way, presented as "bad guys" in their relationships. If the movie is to show some of the struggles of marriage, particularly black marriages, why not balance out the depiction more? You have one, maybe two, black men who are shown to be at fault at all in these relationships. Some people also mention not liking the ending of the movie, and I think part of the ending of the movie also relates closely to my point of the women being the villains here.<br /><br />This is really my only reason for not giving 5 stars. To be fair, though, the male character in the movie who is unemployed...I really like the way the writers handled that storyline, because it really could have been more of a "dumping on the unemployed black man" thing. Instead, it was presented as a sensitive subject that the wife was very supportive of her husband about, but she also did and said a lot of wrong things to others about it and his reaction to that was right-on. You saw how it can affect a man, especially when his wife has all these rich/successful friends she's dragging him to hang out with, and you were put in the position to empathize with him rather than attack him.<br /><br />--<br />Conclusion: a great movie that should entertain more than just black folks. This movie is not just for laughs, either. Pay attention to Janet and Malik, as they really are the highlight of this movie. Typical depictions of black women still don't ruin this one.
The first installment in this series was decent enough to spark my interest in checking out the sequel. Unfortunately, Why Did I Get Married Too was a sub-par attempt to reprise Perry's previous venture in couples therapy. There were a few redeemable aspects of the movie, namely, some of the characters have been further developed. The new aspects of their relationship dynamics made it interesting to see how their lives have changed. Also appreciated are the moments of bare sincerity in the dialogue. There are a few scenes where a husband and wife could be seen having a believable, vulnerable discussion about the impact of individual choices on their relationship without the bravado of over-the-top displays.<br /><br />Sadly, any redeemable parts of this film were heavily flanked in overwrought dramatic scenes in an effort to create meaningful turning points, and mostly uncomfortable attempts at humor. It's as if Perry thought that hearty laughter from the characters in the more comedic scenes would somehow make the scene funnier; the mission was not accomplished. Also, Perry decided to have the movie be more dependent on Janet Jackson's character as the center pin of the plot, which is an unfortunate shift because she simply doesn't have the skills to deliver. While she is more highly emotive throughout this film, she isn't believable. It just left you feeling uncomfortable watching it happen. To make matters worst, the scene transitions felt abrupt, like you were being yanked by the collar from one end of a room to another.<br /><br />On a more pitiful note, there were several lines and scenes that were way too close to those from the movies Boomerang, Soul Food, and Unfaithful. It's one thing to have a trite storyline; it's a whole other issue when scenes are taken from other movies and executed so similarly to the original that the forerunner immediately comes to the viewer's mind. This kind of poorly-done mimicry leaves you feeling duped by and embarrassed for the person attempting it. The worst part was the ending, which felt rushed and forced. Perry is certainly invested in happy endings, but this was insulting to the characters and the viewers.<br /><br />Overall, the only reason I continued to watch the movie was not because it was in any way worth it, but because I have a sometimes silly desire to finish what I've started. I hope that Perry soon decides to employ screenwriters to broaden the scope of what seems to be a one-man show and production because movie scriptwriting requires a level of skill that he has not yet polished.
Sorry to say I have no idea how this movie is since it is restricted to DVD area 1 and we live in area 2.<br />Pitty beceause we would have loved to see what we paid for.
only played to chapter 4 and Amazon had to refund me.. booohohoooo. will not buy from them again. did not even respond to my email
One of the best (and maybe the best) Janet Jackson's performance in a film. In a scene, she looks like her dead brother Michael like never. Very good film and actress performance.
I enjoyed the movie. I was upset at the end of the show but overall, I enjoy ALL of Tyler Perry movies
This movie came fast and in good shape. the disk is clean and works perfectly. i will deffinately order from this company again!
