When McClintock (my fave Wayne movie, by the way) came out on VHS, there was a big controversy because &quot;Goodtime&quot; video released it in such bad shape. About a week after they released it, John Wayne's son who had produced the movie, said that Goodtime had released it without his permission. He then released a much better version. BOTTOM LINE: DON'T BUY ANYTHING FROM GOODTIME, ESPECIALLY THIS MOVIE. HOPE THAT WAYNE'S SON WILL RELEASE HIS VERSION ON DVD!!
The DVD is of very low quality due to the use of an old unrepaired master film. It is also in the pan/scan format for TV. If you want to see this movie in it's best form, watch it on Turner Classic in the cleaned up wide screen format.<p>I give this DVD 2 thumbs down.
The movie is a classic John and Maureen.  The problem is that the transfer appears to have been done in a theatre, with a video camera using a very old print that has been run hundreds of times.  This gives you images with what appear to be tears, burns and other image reducing faults.  I went back to my old VHS copy to see what the real image was supposed to look like. All in all, one of the worst transfers I have ever seen.
Horrible picture on this DVD.  The picture was faded, blurring, and out of  sync!  It was awful! I want to get my money back!<br /><br />BUT there is good news. Now you can get the official authorized version, which we did, and it's excellent.
First thing I need to say is that this rating is NOT based on the film  itself. This is a wonderul, charming funny movie. However, the quality of  this dvd is very poor. There are lines that move through the picture  occasionally, there are bits of lint and dirt (like in a movie theatre),the  sound is not always crisp, the film quality itself is sometimes fuzzy and  unclear. I would highly recomend taping the remastered version off of TNT  when it comes on, or buying the vhs version ( I believe it's better, but  not having purchased it myself I would be careful before I buy). I do hope  that they will re-release this movie onto dvd in its remastered format. If  they do, it's worth the wait, pass on this one.
I love this move.  In fact, this is probably my favorite JW movie besides &quot;The Cowboys.&quot;  I hate the DVD transfer!  The quality looks like it was recorded straight from the old film reels without any restoration at  all.  I have seen much beter quality versions on tape and even TV.  If you  really want this DVD, then get it because it is fairly cheap, but remember,  you get what you pay for.
The rare film that is impervious to criticism.  If you are not drawn into the infectuous fun of this film then nothing will grab you.  This film is reminiscent of the stylings of John Wayne's work with John Ford except Ford didn't direct this picture.  The film was directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, son of Victor, who apprenticed at the feet of Ford so that may explain the similarities.  This is a handsome, sprawling, boisterous package.  The cast seem to be having a great time here and they are not remiss in letting the audience in on the fun.  Not known as a comedian John Wayne displays a deft comic touch here and not just light comedy.  At times he seems to be improvising and going for broke with some hilarious broad comedy.  It may be the presence of Maureen O'Hara in the cast who always brought out the best work from the Duke.  O'Hara is no slouch either as displayed in the film's final scenes where she is required to act in her girdle.  Good supporting cast adds to the fun.  Recommended for not only fans of the Duke but fans of great comedy.
Just to chime in with the rest of the reviews - This is the worst transfer ever. I have the VHS and it is better than the DVD.  Stop this madness with the rush to market DVDs.  Do it right or don't do it at all!!!
Due to this classic John Wayne film going into the public domain, there has been oodles of subpar versions of McLintock! on home video, most of them in 1.33 pan and scan fullscreen.<br />Well, fans can rejoice as there is now a quality version available thanks to Paramount/Batjac, the Authentic Collector's Edition, and the transfer is from original film elements, and in anamorphic 2.35 Panavision widescreen!<br />The quality of this DVD superb.<br />This release also has some nice extras as well.<br />A western comedy with a stellar all star cast, directed by John Wayne's son, Michael.<br />Very recommended!
John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara worked together on several movies. This was probably the funniest one. It's loosely (very loosely) based on "The Taming of the Shrew" by Shakespeare. But it's primarily Wayne's response to the "women's movement" that was just getting started in 1963.<br /><br />George Washington (G.W.) McLintock (John Wayne) is a cattle baron who owns a good portion of the town named after him, as well as a huge cattle ranch and a beautiful Victorian mansion. He and his wife Katherine (Maureen O'Hara), whom G.W. calls Katie, have been separated for two years. But she returns to town because their daughter Becky (Stefanie Powers) is coming home from school back east and her mother is determined to take her with her to New York, and to Europe, and prevent her from becoming a crude westerner.<br /><br />Katie, you see, is a terrible snob. G.W. is just as determinedly not snobbish. He is friends with the local Comanches, and is in fact asked to speak for them when there is a hearing -- kangaroo court, really -- held by the territorial governor in response to a fussy little bureaucrat of an Indian agent who reported to Washington that they were defying him about being moved to a fort somewhere else, location unspecified. In fact, nobody ever said what territory we were in throughout the movie.<br /><br />One of the best scenes is when G.W. has been up all night playing chess with Birnbaum, the storekeeper when word comes that the settlers (a band that has been offered 160 acres of unfarmable land per family) are going to hang an Indian. It seems one of the settler's daughters is missing, and it is assumed the Comanches have kidnapped her. In fact, while the chief (G.W.'s friend) is standing on the scaffold, the daughter and her boyfriend ride up on a horse and explain that he had taken her for a morning ride and "the horse ran away." But her father had already made an ass of himself poking a sawed-off shotgun in G.W.'s belly and bullying him about his protesting the chief being hanged. Then G.W. wrenches the shotgun out of the jerk's hands and starts poking him in the belly.<br /><br />Did I mention that all this was taking place on a hill which was part of a mining operation, and there was a muddy slope and a pool of slurry at the bottom? Well, once G.W. takes a good hard swing at the indignant father and he slides down the muddy slope into the slop, the fight is on. The chief walks through the melee saying, "Good party, Maclin. Where's the whiskey? Eventually, G.W. and Kate and Birnbaum and just about everyone else ends up in the slurry pit, and comes home covered in caked silt.<br /><br />There's really too much to tell in this story. The handsome young farmer (Patrick Wayne) McLintock hires who falls in love with his daughter. The farmer's mother (Yvonne de Carlo), who takes a job cooking for them and falls in love with the sheriff. The silly college boy (Jerry Van Dyke) who makes a total fool of himself trying to win McLintock's daughter, and on and on. It's a romp, but if you don't find men spanking the women they love amusing, don't watch it.
The Delta Entertainment DVD is clearly a pirated product and one of the worst film-to-DVD transfers I've ever seen.  At 50 cents a dozen this DVD would still be a waste of money.  Go with the Wayne Estate authorized version.
This is a great movie, but the quality is horrible. Some scenes the video gets to so bad, its hard to see their faces. I would recommend getting the John Wayne collection one.
Good family entertainment. One of John Wayne & Maureen O'Hara's best movies.  I can watch this movie over & over and it always makes me laugh. :)
McLintock is light comedy, western style. John Wayne is a cattle baron with family troubles. His wife is on the warpath and his daughter is just returning home from college with ideas of her own.<br /><br />Life is complicated by a greedy territorial governor and local federal officials who want to take advantage of the local Indian population. On top of everything else a mob of settlers shows up wanting to set up shop as farmers.<br /><br />Thru all this are memorable barbecues, mud slide fights, a rodeo, and the climatic show down between John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara. Here's a hint ... if John Wayne AND Maureen O'Hara are in a movie, watch it.<br /><br />The DVD presentation is acceptable for a move of this age. However, make sure you get the DVD officially released by the Wayne family's company, Batjac. Before their release there were some cheap unofficial releases with terrible problems with the audio track, so beware of those.
The Good Times version of McLintock was of atrocious quality. It ruined the entire experience. THis version should not be sold unless there is a disclaimer of the poor quality.
The picture looks like a VHS tape of McLintock if someone taped it on cable in 1987. Terrible picture quality, snowy, blurry, very disappointed
I know for many that when it comes to the Duke the last movie they might think of is the movie McClintock but for me its the main movie I know him from and I admit that I love it. While John Wayne does show that he can be tough in this movie he shows that he can be very funny and be very good at it. The ability at comedy is only enhanced by Maureen O'Hara who plays McClintock's astranged wife who always seems to have a burr under her saddle but in those quick moments shows that under all her acts of high class that she still is very much like her husband. While some might disagree this film also gives people a small sense of what it was like in the West around the time that the film is taking place. It still is slightly Hollywood glamorized but it shows a more down to earth-type view of the West where you had to work but that doesn't mean you can't have a little fun along the way. This film also shows some of the relations between Native Americans and the American government and how they weren't always the best. This is a very entertaining movie and worthy to be part of any movie collection for those who wish to own it.
I finally own the movie that almost out does the Quiet Man. If you love O'Hara and Wayne together, you cannot miss this one. A thrilling comedy for the whole family for now and years to come. You will laugh till it hurts and watch it twice because you will miss a lot while laughing out loud. Amazon delivers an excellent quality DVD.
Once again we are entertained by the best of the best. The Duke, John Wayne, in one of the older movies. But still full of adventure, fun, laughter, action, and Americanism. The Old West is brought to life for us by the last great American Cowboy. The Duke! You can tell they do a good job by the beautiful scenery, grand music, and of course, the best of actors. Prepair to stay on the edge of your seat. Another great John Wayne western. Enjoy.
Love this movie. I consider this to be one of John Wayne's finest movies. This is entertainment at its finest. They don't make movies like this any more. I would recommend this all.
This is one of my favorites that the Duke made.  All of his films have a lesson and reminder that is just as relevant now as it was in our past.<br />Yes, it is just a movie but one that stirs the fire for good things and that is what we need.
I would note that people who buy cheap Asian knockoffs from an unknown source should not write Amazon reviews that criticize the quality.  This review is for the authorized DVD as listed on Amazon.  If you have another version, please save your complaints for some other Forum.<br /><br />This is one of the better John Wayne motion pictures.  The character McLintock is an older rancher who has a charitable attitude.  He is friends with Indian chiefs, even though they tried to kill each other earlier in their lives.  He warns homesteaders that land is not suitable for farming, and hires one young man who needs to support his mother and sister.  He has a problem with his wife for reasons not given, and a daughter who just returned from college back east.  The story holds your interest as he deals with Indians, homesteaders, his wife, and his daughter.  He is an environmentalist of sorts who plans to leave most of his ranch to the government to use as a park.
This is a wonderfull movie! I loved it! John Wayne did so god playing any part and any movie that most of his are always wonderful! This is another one of them! They have a wonderful cast, lots of action, and something for everyone! I think everyone should see this movie!=)
This is one of the funniest, if not THE funniest Wayne/O'Hara movies ever! You never stop laughing - AT ALL!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />  Summary: G.W. McLintock (John Wayne) owns more than half of the land in the territory. He is visited by his wife, Kahtarine (Maureen o'Hara), who says she wants a divorce. But McLintock won't give it to her. Then she says that their daughter, Rebecca (Stefanie Powers) is coming home from school. Kahtarine wants to take her to live with her at the capital. but he says no yet again. She becomes infuriated with him and he leaves. G.W. then hires a settler, Devlin Warren (Patrick Wayne), to work for him. He also hires his mother (Yvonne De Carlo) to cook for him. So all is well - until Mrs. McLintock takes charge!!! She moves back in with G.W. and takes over the house. The next day, they find out that one of the settler's daughters was kidnapped by the Indians - so they thought. I turns out, that her and one of the other settlers went for a moonlit ride and "the horse ran away". They all got into a big fight which ended up with everyone falling into the huge mudpit at the bottom of the hill. Even Mrs. McLintock!
The new Paramount edition is what we've been waiting for. Great escapist fun and best of all, the picture is gorgeous. If you're a John Wayne/McLintock fan you will love this edition and wonder why it took them so long to release it. My only comment is that the Introduction plays everytime you view the video, but its very interesting and can be skipped easily. I'm also glad there are plenty of extras on this disc. As far as the film the high point for me is the sense that the actors are really enjoying themselves. Bravo.<br /><br />Prior Version about Goodtimes Video<br /><br />As others have stated this is an extremely terrible copy. I actually spent most of my time trying to figure out why it looks so bad. Why are some of the scenes good looking and others just awful. The telencine was very poorly done and not consistent. How did this happen? Was this a first try that was abandoned? Was the pan-and-scan an early version that had not quite worked out the details. I'm really curious about how this "version" which is poor, edited, and blurry able to be released and sold here and at stores like Walmart.  I also noticed that the packaging mentiones it as an "unauthorized" edition.<br /><br />I love John Wayne films, particularly with Mrs. Ohara and would hope a real DVD edition comes out.<br /><br />Still the great story line makes the film worth watching, even if the stereotypical attitude towards the Comanche is a bit dated.
Great Movie but DO NOT BUY this poorly made copy from Hong Kong/Taiwan. Our bought VHS tape has better picture quality than this DVD version.
Hey, there are a lot of good John Wayne movies out there, but this is my personal favorite.  It is lighthearted, at times silly, and just plain fun.  The cast of this film is great, with every character complementing the rambunctious and drunken George Washington Mclintock (Wayne) perfectly.  This film has everything you and I have come to expect from a Wayne western--the fight scene, a couple of funny guys, and the woman he wins over with his gruff, no-nonsense sort of way.  <p>I cannot recommend this movie enough.  Fans of Wayne will love it, and even those who are typically turned off by his shoot-em-up westerns will enjoy this lighthearted comedy.  This is great entertainment for the whole family.
McClintock! is an excellent John Wayne Western, lots of laughs, and of course nothing beats the chemistry that John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara bring to the screen.  Sadly however, the quality of this DVD is extremely poor, making it difficult to enjoy.  A VHS copy of a TV airing of McClintock! would be better than what you get on this DVD!  Lots of scratchy sections, poor focus, and audio volume keeps dropping out.
I have the video and the DVD for this movie. My copy of the DVD is horrible. Goodtimes replicated the DVD and it has lines and blurriness throughout. I am a John Wayne fanatic and was very disappointed in the DVD. The video I have is by MPI and it is in much better shape then the DVD. If you plan to buy this movie...WAIT until someone does it right!!
The quality of this addtion is very poor and it is not near as good as the Family autherized copy.  It is not centered right and some seens are out of focus and I was very disappointed.  I have searched for the better copy and have not been able to find it.  If you have a copy please e-mail me thank you (I have a copy on VHS)
I think this is extremely funny.  It still shows him as the typical John Wayne with a sense of humor.  I hadn't seen it for some years and when I saw it again I laughed as hard as I had the first time.
This particular product (not the authorized version) of the was a very grainy copy, the copy was blotchy like it had been posterized. Also several scenes are missing.
The movie itself was great, but the DVD quality seemed like a cheap bootleg knockoff
Goodtimes video has butchered this great movie.  Sometimes the person talking is not in focus or even on the screen.  Some scenes are missing.  I can't take it back for mine was a gift.  Make sure you buy the version authorized by the Wayne estate if you want the real movie with all of the scenes included.  I have that copy on VHS.  Sorry to say I have not yet found it on DVD.
While this is one of my all time favorites I made the mistake of not reading the reviews of the product.  Horrible video transfer.  Stay away, do not buy.
I grew up watching this movie with my Dad.  Also, one of my husband's favorites.  Doesn't matter how many times we have watched it, we laugh every time.  Despite we know the dialogue by heart, we continue to watch over and over
We just got this the other day - really looked forward to watching it. My husband & I are big fans of the movie. It was such a letdown. Our old VHS copy is a better quality than this DVD. We thought that the DVD version would be much clearer and better sound quality. That couldn't have been further from the truth. We're very disappointed, and quite frankly disappointed that Amazon is even selling this DVD. Don't waste your money - worst quality DVD I've ever seen.
One of the good John Wayne/Maureen O'Hara movies. Any of their fans will like this one!
This is a terrible DVD.  The company is Goodtimes Home Video.  It was reproduced in Hong Kong or Tiawan.  I'm very disappointed that Amazon.com would be associated with such a piece of junk.
This is a very good movie and I would recommend others to view it. I have always liked John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara.<br />H.cAllister
Unfortunatly this DVD is poor quality. The sound track doesn't always match the mouths of actors and there is a shadow or double image particularly in the beginning. I was very disapointed. Thinking of returning this DVD.<br />Bird Lady
It is a great John Wayne flick, If you have never seen it( must be under a rock lol) its a fun movie to watch.
A good John Wayne movie, more comedy than drama. And of course, it features Maureen O'Hara, a great duo. A definite 4 stars.
A MUST SEE movie for those fans of Wayne and O'Hara, you can feel the chenistry between these two ooze from the screen.  A light hearted and breezy film, with a giant, fun free for all fight scene thrown in.
This westernized version of "Taming of the Shrew" is thoroughly enjoyable.  The O'Hara-Wayne team is always delightful.  Funny movie! Not the typical "shoot 'em up" western.
This was one of my favourite childhood films. I can remember curling up on the couch with my mother and watching this film many times. I wasn't sure what the DVD transfer would be like but it did not disappoint. Lots of extras as well. A must for John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara fans.
this is one of my favorite john wayne films. with maureen o'hara at his side it is part comedic and historical. john wayne plays john wayne. it is a lighter side of some of his dramas.
Always loved the movie but this recording was cheaply dubbed from a bad vhs tape. There are different versions to buy so save your money and your eyes.
This movie is one that if you haven't seen it, then try and see it... I bought this as AMC is no longer playing as much John Wayne as they used to and my dad started missing these... these were bought for Christmas so I could finally get rid of the VCR he continues to use... Heck I grew up watching these and I love it... Fav scene... watch for the fight where the "horse ran away", I love the mud pit action...
I think its the best attempt at humor john Wayne did . AND IT'S IN MY OPINION ONE OF HIS BEST AND I'M A REAL MOVIE LOVER
Needed to replace our copy with DVD.I checked over the different vendors.Amazons was the best price for me.I prefer using Amazon as I can track my order very easy.It arrived on time,looks good my husband is thrilled.He is a big fan.
For any John Wayne fan, this movie is a must have!  My wife even likes this movie, and she can't stand the Duke.
I have always loved this movie and wanted it in my collection...so far since it arrived I've watched it twice.
A true western comedy with my favorite actors. John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara at there best in this movie about fighting for the affection of there daughter. I really enjoyed this movie.
I bought this as a gift but have seen the movie many times. It is great to see the sparks fly between John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara. Good supporting cast.
I bought this movie at a quick mart type store before and it was a disappointment. THIS AUTHENTIC VERSION WAS EXCELLENT! I highly recommend this for any Duke fan!
Great movie. John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara are a perfect match. The movie is to be taken with a grain of sand in terms of the issues and attitudes being portrayed. If you can get past the "women are to be controlled" attitude at the ending this is a wonderful movie. It really is a classic.
This is one of my favorite John Wayne movies.  Now that Amazon is offering 5,000 streaming titles to Amazon Prime members for free, I've been thinking about buying a wireless router and a new Blu-ray player so I can stream to my television.  But I'm reconsidering based on the way Amazon has handled this title.  They're making a poor-quality, blurry pan-and-scan version available for free streaming.  You also have the option of watching a decent-quality print in widescreen, but you have to pay for the privilege.  What a scam.  If this is Amazon's strategy to entice customers into using their streaming service, then I'll stick with buying the titles I want on DVD when they go on sale.
Seriously poor quality.  I "wish" I had read the reviews on this product before I ordered it!!  It was as if someone had videoed the movie from a TV screen.  The picture color was poor, the images were "grainy", and the film was "scratchy".  I loved the movie when it came out, but this was a very poor quality product.  Amazon should take this off their market.  It reflects poorly on them.....
This DVD was of VERY POOR QUALITY. The picture was blury,it had alot of static lines,vertical lines & bad sound. I sent it back for replacement & was sent another one of the same poor quality. All that was done was replacing one bad DVD WITH ANOTHER ONE. I would not recommend this version of McLintock.
Years ago, my dad purchased a VHS copy of "McLintock!" only to find out it was a bootleg copy. Eventually, he would find a new version released from the estate of John Wayne to replace the bad copy. Thankfully, Paramount has released an authorized version of the John Wayne movie on DVD and the difference is amazing. My dad could finally see the film in letterbox format (a more superior viewing experience than the "edited for your television" view for VHS) and in crystal clear sound and picture. Also the extras like the commentary track are wonderful. I never thought I would see my dad watch any movie with audio commentary on let alone "McLintock!".<br /><br />My one major complaint is that this DVD came in late due to the people I purchased this DVD from. Hopefully, this will not happen again next time I purchase a DVD from certain sellers on Amazon.com. All in all, this is a great holiday gift for the John Wayne fan in your Family.
This is a finely focused and astute script turned into a funny, touching, honest film...riding on the iconic shoulders of John Wayne. Under the mostly bubbling surface lay some deep themes that are exposed but not dwelt upon. Comedy seems to work best when there is a semi-tragic base for it to take flight from. If you are of a certain age and grew-up in John Wayne World then this film will be a real treat.
Of course I may love it because of Maureen O'hara, but really it's just the funniest and most fun of all the Duke movies.  A few life lessons for the kids, fun to see some other actors when they were younger, and a great family flick (but my wife let the kids know I would never be allowed to spank her).
This is a horrible copy of the original.  The color is bad throughout the movie.  There are lines in the picture like you would see if you were watching an old home movie.  The widescreen version is much better than this one.
Good old movie. One that is hard to find but good to watch over and over again. Picture quality very good. Shipping a little costly.
The collector's edition of McClintock is great. The audio and the picture are very high quality and the movie is always a family favorite.
I have enjoyed this movie for years, as well as other John Wayne movies.  I originally saw this on VHS and was thrilled to finally have the movie on DVD.  But I was really disappointed.  The recording was terrible.  The picture was sometimes crystal clear, and then would be blurred and lined.  My VHS recording was better and also had extended scenes that I missed in the DVD version.  My recommendation would be to wait until a better version comes along.
McLintock is my Father's favorite John Wayne movie and the Goodtimes version is just fine.  He loves the music as much as the story.  Great Father's Day gift!
This is one of my favorite JW movies - but the quality of this DVD was disappointing.  Dialog was cut from the movie in several places and there are streaks in many of the frames throughout the film.  Buy the movie, it is enjoyable to watch, but get the authorized version.
It does not get any better than John Wayne & Maureen O'Hara! When the 2 of them are on the screen together, it feels that they are truly married. Another typical Duke film with one of the BEST fight scenes in history. No one looks better taking a punch than The Duke! Of course the typical  Maureen O'Hara- John Wayne "SPAT" is hilarious! Don't forget ALL of the same actors that you see in The Duke's movies! As I have said many times before, "Who today could play a John Wayne part?
If you are a McLintock fan, buy this DVD.  This is the best copy of the movie I have found.  This is the authorized version from Paramount and it's perfect. It is also widescreen so nothing is cut off, you see the whole film.  I have had other versions of this film on DVD and they were not worth watching.  I think some of the other reviewers have this verion confused with those, otherwise they would have rated this one higher.
John Wayne and Maureen O'hara at their funniest.  This western, is full of great scenes.  This is one of my fall back favorites (when I am not sure what I want to watch I always put in this classic).
The product arrived just as promised. It was packed very well and arrived very fast. I had no problems with this purchase and I would advise anyone to buy from this seller.
Reading other reviews on this and wanted to let you know the reasoning for the bad quality of the DVD.  This is not the authorized version of the movie.  The authorized version released by Batjac (Wayne's production company) will have an orange cover.  The blue cover is not authorized.
In my minds eye I have retained this film in all its boisterous, hilarious, non-political correct fun!<br />The available copies of this film, however, suck.<p>I will pay $50 for a decent DVD copy of this gem.
Most of the one star reviews given to this movie are for the crappy, unauthorized DVD release from 2001. Amazon dumps all the reviews for a movie together with no regard for seperate releases from different companies. You can only have one review at a time for a given movie. However, YOU CAN DELETE YOUR REVIEW OF THE BAD COPY AND LEAVE A REVIEW OF THE "AUTHENTIC COLLECTOR'S EDITION", as I'm doing now.<br /><br />Now for the movie; this is both a great western and a great comedy. It has a fantastic cast directed by Andrew V. McLaglen. The remastered and restored Collector's Edition from Batjac Productions is the one to get. This is the best way to view the movie short of seeing it on the big screen!
Buy the AUTHENTIC version-ASIN: B000ANVPPQ (McLintock Wayne Authorized Edition), DO NOT buy ASIN: B000006OS2 (McLintock).<br /><br />I noticed that reviews on the two dvd's are being mixed together, and making it difficult for others to distinguish between the wonderful feedback of the former to that of the God awful latter dvd.
I've been a McLintock fan since 1963...when it came out to the movies.  My dad took me to see it on my 11th birthday.  I held off buying the VHS version once I discovered the Wayne Foundation had not released an  &quot;authorized&quot; copy.  Once it did, I purchased three...just in case  one got damaged!  Yes...I love the movie.  For DVD customers....it IS worth  the wait.  If, as you can see from other reviews, the transfer quality to  DVD is poor, then why waste your money now, when you can (HOPEFULLY!!)  purchase the legitimate product when the Wayne Foundation releases it!  This is a GREAT movie for all ages.  Kids love the shenanigans, teens like  the romance, and us old-timers just like an easy-on-the-eyes and -ears  movie with a happy ending.  This is the only movie review I've ever  written, but the movie was worth it.
Paramount has done a great job with the four movies in their collection-island in the sky, the high and the mighty, mclintock, and hondo. I wish that the reviewers state if the copy they're reviewing is the paramount copy just released or the other vastly inferior copies. That way Paramount won't get a bad rap for dreck they didn't produce.
Okay, everybody agrees that the Goodtimes Home Video release ranks right up there with Pacific Family Entertainment. Only good for the shredder. But alas, Batjac Productions along with Paramount Home Video has finally released a digitally remastered McLintock! and many other great JW films. Just too many wonderful comments to mention of this wonderful western.<br /><br />So long to 'Goodtimes Home Video', whose release was just plain 'Bad Times' along with all the other crumby distributors who released horrible iterations of this classic motion picture. I have archived away the 'official' VHS version and am enjoying the new digitally retored, OAR  special 'packed with extra' edition of McLintock!
Great movie! Cute story. Maureen O'Hara and John Wayne have a magnetic chemistry which makes this movie work.  Chill Wills is always fabulous in his supporting role.  Comedy, romance, love, stubborn pride, etc.<br />Nice romantic comedy with a western setting.
This is one of the best John Wayne movies that I have ever seen. Very funny and exciting to watch. This is up there with Hatari! I would recommend this movie to everyone.
I can not guarantee the media quality as there is too many bad and mediocre versions floating around and Amazon mixes media reviews. I reserve the star system for the movie as this review may be used for different media.<br /><br />George Washington McLintock (John Wayne) is one of the founding ranchers in the territory. He has many issues to deal with in a John Wayne fashion. These include dealing with new homesteaders, dealing with displaced Indians, and dealing with his estranged family (Maureen O'Hara and Stephanie Powers) returning for the Fourth of July celebration.<br /><br />The movie its self is top notch FIVE STAR. John Wayne used most of his standard crew (they can be seen in other John Wayne movies) and that formula plot that makes his movies great. The mud fight is one of the best parts. See John Wayne and Maureen O'Hara again in a The Quiet Man (1952)
I apologize, I found the xtras!!!  Great DVD!<br /><br />BTW Leonard Maltin - Johnny Horton san NORTH TO ALASKA, and Gene Pitney sand THE MAN WHO SHOT LIBERTY VALENS.<br /><br />Yes, this is the real one.  CinemaScope, surround sound, etc.  It is GREAT.<br /><br />BUT, the box lists a bunch of extras that are not there:<br /><br />The Corset: Don't Leave Home without one?<br />Photo gallery?<br />Original trailer?<br /><br />All missing.  We do have commentary about the movie, but not what one would expect.  Not much commentary about the scenes as we move along, but mostly commentary on how movies have changed over the years.<br /><br />And, yes, as a previous reviewer commented, you cannot get rid of Leonard Maltin, eventhough the menu says you can.  After hearing it once, that is enough!<br /><br />But all these aside, it sure is nice to see this finally come out after being promised for many years.  TV always shows the pan and scan version, but in Europe I saw it in wide screen on TV, wonderful!
Excellent movie, but the quality of the DVD is terrible-very grainy.  It's like they copied a videotape.
Delta/LaserLight has also put out McLintock on DVD and it appears to use the same source GoodTimes used for their VHS and DVD, in other words, do not buy this DVD either.  Too bad as this is a great movie.  I will keep it until the John Wayne estate puts out an authorized DVD of it though.  I have averaged it to 3 stars because of the great movie but lousy DVD.
McLintock is a romantic comedy first, a western second. As a romantic comedy in an old west setting, it works quite well. This is John Wayne at his best, in my opinion. I haven't seen many of the &quot;serious&quot; westerns he made in his younger days, but I did see &quot;True Grit&quot; (the movie they gave him an oscar for). I thought it was awful. Of course, that wasn't necessarily Wayne's fault, but he looked as though it was all he could do to keep from bursting with laughter throughout most of it.  Like a number of other macho actors (Burt Reynolds, for example), Wayne has a certain dry wit that comes across well. Here he is paired with Maureen O'Hara, and they make a good team. There are also lots of other familiar faces in this (Chill Wills, Stephanie Powers, Yvonne deCarlo, Jerry VanDyke, and more) who contribute solid performances.<p>McLintock isn't a great movie. It will not go down in the annals of film classics. Most of the humor isn't terribly original, and the fights in the mud pit are pure slapstick. Then again, there's nothing wrong with that. They work. It is an entertaining, funny movie and most folks will have a good time watching it. Give it a try. I give it a strong 4+ stars. Be careful what edition you get, though. I have no problem with mine (the John Wayne Estate authorized edition), but apparently some editions are of poor quality.
Classic taming of the shrew out west. Reteams the Duke and Maureen O'Hara. They are outstanding together. (Rio Grande, The Quiet Man) Good cast plays it tongue in cheek throughout. My wife sure could pass on the spanking  stuff. It does feel uncomfortable le in these times. The mud-slide scene  still cracks me up.
