Traffic is a excellent film. Pretty much perfect all around performances by an all-star cast lead by, Don Cheadle, Michael Douglas, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Benicio Del Toro, Topher Grace, and Erika Christensen, to name a few. It also has a top notch script and a completely necessary story. Drug trafficking is a plague on the American/Mexican border, and being an Angelino, more specifically on the Southern California/Mexico border. Too many lives have been lost, and it still goes on today without an end in sight. That makes this film just as relevant today, as it was a decade ago, and will be a decade later, unless major moves are made. Director Steven Soderbergh (Oceans Trilogy, Erin Brockavich, The Informant!, and so many other great films) has crafted a near masterpiece. There are some things I wasn't too fond of. Perhaps at times, Soderbergh's tendancy to oversaturate the picture with yellow or blue color grading became more of a gimmick. And with a less than perfect trasnfer, one may start to look at other minor gripes with more emphasis. But for the most part, it was fine. This film is a must see, but definitely go for the Criterion release with a better transfer and much more well-rounded extras package.
States that will play on DVD, BLU-RAY & PS3!!<br />Does not fit in ps3 slim had to void ps3 warranty to remove disc does not fit in my Philips DVD player or Sony and Samsung blu-ray players!!!!!
Excellent transfer, the best traffic has ever looked.  And, the double sided disc (Blu-ray on one side, DVD on the other) works just as well as a single sided one; there is no rational reason to complain about them - especially when given the cost they are much cheaper than most packages that include a seperate DVD.
When I first saw the Blu-ray version of this film I was, at first, taken somewhat aback by the amount of grain in some of the early shots.  When I compared it  with the DVD, the grain was still there but much less defined.  Then I chose to ignore it, turned off the lights and started the film.  I was soon swept up into it due to the starkness of the photography, the finely written screenplay and the superb cast.  Like "Syriana," it is a  singularly depressing film, but its extraordinary craftsmanship and complexity will draw you in to repeat viewings.
I loved this movie when it came out and I was a teenager. It struck a chord with me as a very relevant incredibly well written, well acted movie. I felt it did the best job of anything conveying the depth and complexity of America's drug situation. I could associate with the teenagers in the movie because I knew those characters in real life.<br /><br />I won't waste your time debating the ins and outs of the War on Drugs. No. I will say though that I just picked up Traffic on Blu-Ray, and watching it again through adult eyes, it has lost absolutely none of its punch. It is taut, it is incredibly well shot, well acted, and well written. All of the locations feel completely authentic. The dialogue is natural. This film deserved every award it won, and then some.
I don't mind if the BluRay is double sided or if they offer two or more Discs. I do care about buying a movie in BluRay movie and get subpar quality.<br />The movie is VERY good, the audio (DTS 5.1) and subtitles are VERY good.<br />The video quality is very poor, I know the film was supposed to be grainy, I own the DVD and I saw the movie in the Theaters, but the transfer makes the grain move like ants.<br />IF, in the future, Universal decides to take things seriously and make a better transfer; I'll buy it because the movie is so good.<br />Meanwhile, I think I prefer to watch it on DVD than in BluRay.<br /><br />I love it when movies are released in BluRay format, I really can't wait for many titles to be released in this format, but please, Studios should build credibility for this format by doing it RIGHT, not just GOOD ENOUGH. Is this the new AMERICAN Mentality?
I was initially concerned when I got the disc as I figure both versions would be single layer  This is not true, both the DVD and Blu-Ray are double layer, so in essence the disc has 4 layers.  I can't find really any reason to complain about getting a double sided disc instead of 2 singe sided discs.<br /><br />The quality is fine.  The movie is noticeably grainier than a lot of other movies, but I think this was intentional for cinematic effect and is part of the movie.  You can tell as parts of it are grainier, and harsher in appearance.  Like for instance most of the Tijuana scenes are quite rough.
Universal, for some reason, has elected to continue to produce these double sided disks that contains the Blu-ray movie on one side and the DVD on the flip-side. Why is it that Universal cannot follow in Disney's lead and release these movies as two disk sets. Disney has combo disks that contains the Blu ray and DVD version in the same release, but the DVD and Blu ray disks are on separate disks, utilizing single sided disks.<br /><br />I seriously do NOT recommend this item for purchase.
