This is one of those movies that are so terrible that you have alot of fun watching it and making fun of it. The swamp natives are stereotypically ignorant backwater white trash, and the leading lady is ever so  stereotypically ready to faint and hide her face at every scene, and always  leaves the dreadful work up to the big strong men. That and make coffee  ofcourse. She always was making coffee for the men. The acting is  beautifully sub-par and almost seems as if it was shot while they were  rehearsing their lines (except for the believeable character of the  sheriff). You'll marvel at the scientific dialogue of the  &quot;doctor&quot; and his theories of the leeches origin (hokey fourth  grade science that is, almost as bad as the movie where the locals needed  &quot;SODIUM...WE NEED SODIUM! &quot;) You'll cheer when the giant leeches  attack the bad people, and love every leech sighting. This video edition is  in terrible shape and is so dirty it's too dark to make out at times  (usually the thick swamps)...but that's why it's so cheaply priced. I  highly recommend this for camp movie buffs, and especially for B sci-fi  lovers like myself. It's a gem. You know you want it, or you wouldn't have  found it on Amazon...I mean...how many people go and search for  &quot;Attack of the Giant Leeches&quot; unless they liked movies like that  in the first place? Thoroughly enjoyable.
11 out of 12 reviewers (now 12 with mine) are in agreement. 'Attack of the Giant Leeches' is all about the very sexy, kittenish Yvette Vickers in the role of the town tramp Liz Walker. Yvette undoubtedly got the part based on her recent popularity as the July '59 "Playmate of the Month" and all the males out there who were in their adolescence back in the late fifties certainly appreciated her inclusion in the film. She certainly made it watchable for me.<br /><br />Make no mistake, you're watching this movie for one reason and one reason only. Thanks for the memories Miss Vickers!<br /><br />Note: Can you believe it, one reviewer actually prefered the leeches over Yvette. Now that's scary.
OK, so there are some goofy hillbilly types running around the swamp, getting bled dry by gigantic leeches. Yes, the leeches are grown men wearing plastic trash bags. The hero is a living Ken doll. So what?! The ONLY reason to watch this flick is to see Yvette Vickers (Attack Of The 50 Foot Woman) in her underwear! She dances! She prances! She applies body-lotion! She parades about like the free-spirit she is! Hallelujah! I remember seeing her in this movie 33 years ago. I was 9 years old. I never forgot her! Buy this movie now...
Most bad movies are simply bad, but now and then you stumble upon one that has an odd charm--and if you are in the mood for it, ATTACK OF THE GIANT LEECHES can be quite a bit of fun.<br /><br />The story is an amalgamation of every 1950s movie cliche you can imagine. Sultry Liz (Yvette Vickers) is a swamp siren and stepping out on unattractive hubby Dave (Bruno VeSoto), roaming the night and stumbling upon a dead poacher covered with hickeys from hell.  Does this give her pause?  Of course not, and when hubby catches Liz and her latest flame he drives them into the swap with a shotgun to teach them a lesson.  It's only to scare them, and boy is he sure surprised when a couple of guys rise up out of the water wearing black plastic.  When they carry off Liz and her beau, game warden Steve (Ken Clark) gets seriously involved, and pretty soon everybody in the swamp is worried, upset, and even downright concerned.<br /><br />Vickers was a memorable beauty and the film shows her assets to good advantage; Ken Clark was a hairy-chested stud and the movie shows his skin as well.  The rest of the cast is merely adequate at best, but they are fun, and the script is classically silly.  Everybody drinks coffee.  A lot of coffee.  Everybody gasps in dismay.  A lot of dismay.  The men are butch and the women are femme.  And the leeches... well, when you get a good look at them, they're pretty silly looking, but even so the movie does manage a shock or two, what with victims writhing in the leeches' lair and open-eyed corpses floating in the water.<br /><br />If you're into "B" horror movies from the 1950s, ATTACK OF THE GIANT LEECHES is right up there with ATTACK OF THE FIFTY FOOT WOMAN (which also featured Vickers), a popcorn classic of its kind.  Recommended for those who enjoy the genre.<br /><br />GFT, Amazon Reviewer
This is one of the zillion Roger Corman horror flicks of the fifties in which normal creatures are turned into monsters thanks to you guessed it, nuclear energy.  This time it's the bloodthirsty leech that gets the monster treatment, replete with actors in rubber leech suits.  At a mercifully short 62 minutes, one doesn't have too much time to really fault this sometimes howlable horror.  Ken Clark (a blond Clint Walker) is hopelessly deadpan and Yvette Vickers camps it up as the swamp slut.  If you're an aficionado of the 50s giant bug movies, you'll have fun with this one.
I am as unoriginal as the other reviewers of this movie.  Playboy Playmate Yvette Vickers (July 1959) is certainly one reason to watch this movie.  Actually, I watched the movie for the articles.  Oh, wait.  This is a movie, not a magazine.  Forget what I just said.  Yvette was certainly a lovely young lady in this movie (she is older than my mother, meaning she is a grandmother now), but the star attraction is the rubbery-looking leeches that look about as menacing as Barney the Dinosaur.  Well, Barney may be more threatening.  Anyway, the leeches are a lot of fun and this movie has some moments of genuine tension.<br /><br />Our story takes place in a swamp (where else would you find giant leeches?).  There is a subplot involving a good-looking babe (Vickers) and her boyfriend and her hulkish husband.  Forget all that nonsense and fast forward to the leeches practically leaping out of the water to capture the people who foolishly go into the water.  Okay, maybe the leeches did not exactly LEAP, but they did float in a sinister fashion, slowly, I might add, and then pulled their victims under to be stored in a cave for leisurely blood sucking.<br /><br />Nearly everyone else in this movie is clueless as to what is happening until almost the final minutes of the movie, when it suddenly becomes evident that GIANT LEECHES HAVE KIDNAPPED A BUNCH OF PEOPLE AND ARE SUCKING THEIR BLOOD OUT IN A CAVE.  Had these people only read the title of the movie they might have had a clue earlier.<br /><br />This movie could be another Roger Corman film that has so much schlock that it begs to be put out of its misery.  However, with the exception of the lust...er...love story, this movie is played like a straight horror movie and turns out to be reasonably enjoyable.  Yes, the leeches are a bit humorous when you first see them.  Yes, you wonder how anything that moves as slow as these leeches could capture anyone.  Yes, the radiation turning the leeches into giant killer monsters is incredibly clich&eacute;.  Yet, this movie is a better than average mutated creature film.<br /><br />I enjoyed watching this thing in the 1960's and being at the edge of my seat (I was very young then).  Though my perspective has changed a lot in several decades, I still found this movie occasionally humorous, tense for a few moments, and short enough to be eminently worthy of watching once again.  Yes, you have to like campy horror and science fiction movies from the late 50's and early 60's to like this movie, but if you do you have found a good addition to your collection.<br /><br />Enjoy!
Though Marengo does not have thousands of titles available, that is what makes them unique.  Each title can have more attention devoted to it and time to find the best elements.  Though this was an early (pre equipment upgrade at Marengo) offering, it is well noted that this copy of "Attack of the Giant Leeches" is the best print available on DVD!  It was the first time I was able to see what was happening in dark scenes and the rest is crisp.  Marengo has several horror titles available and many other genera with more on the way - most all double feature at bargain prices without the bargain quality.<br /><br />As for "A Bucket of Blood", it does have some early splices but again, overall the element was clean and crisp.  A great addition for those who do not have either title.
I'm surprised Bruno the storekeeper/cuckolded husband lasted almost the entire length of the movie; he looks like he should have keeled over from the sauna-like weather down there in the swamp about 15 minutes into the movie. (Bruno had an itty-bit part as a night watchman in ""The Wasp Woman" with Susan Cabot. He didn't make it thru his shift.) I'm surprised Ken Clark was in "South Pacific." From his acting here, the others may as well have been talking to a blank wall. I have a DVD of "The 50 Foot Woman" with Yvette Vickers doing commentary. She does a great job and sounds like someone you'd like to meet.
This film is just plain bad, but then it's fun, if you have a slow Saturday afternoon.  This DVD is made from a very poor print and looks soft to me.  You'll see some actors that you've seen in other films from this era, but all-in-all just watch it for fun.
Fans of fifties creature features should enjoy this smarmy swamp saga about vampirish predators that keep captives in caves to suffer lingering, sucked-dry deaths.  The monsters are fearsomely fun, the hero hairy-chested and handsome, the leading lady clingy and lovely, and the leading non-lady cleavaged and vampily luscious.  The scripting is tolerably sensible, and the acting and direction are above average for this sort of cinema.  In its day, this movie's gruesome mutants and waterborne dead bodies would have seemed more grisly than gleeful.  But today,  both adjectives can be applied in abundance!
When I saw Roger Corman as the executive producer, I had to see this. The movie had his fingerprints all over it. A great cheesy production with drama, poachers, infidelity, jazz records, fat hicks, dashing leading men, and of course giant leeches. Yvette Vickers stars once again as a sleazy woman who likes to dress scantily in front of her husband's buddies and listen to loud jazz. Of course Yvette and her swamp lover Michael Emmet can't run faster than the obese Bruno VeSota can walk.<br />Ken Clark plays the game warden who answers his door exposing his blond hairy chest. The leeches look like men in cheap rubber suits. They keep their prey alive in a cavern and suck blood from them from time to time.<br /><br />Bad acting and bad script. Great entertainment.
Actually, this is a pretty good movie...as far as bad movies go.  The primary lead, Ken Clark, had one of the better rolls in South Pacific.  He was also in a few Alfred Hitchcock Presents episodes.  It is funny to know the actors from one roll then see them in a totally different setting.  I kept expecting him to start singing "There is Nothing Like A Dame" but he never did.  And the giant leeches are hilarious, like most of the sea monsters of this era...just guys in funny suits.  And it shows.  So have a couple of beers and enjoy the giant leeches led by Stewpot from South Pacific, surrounded by Californians trying to act Southern and doing a bad job of it.
I have always been a fan of 'Attack of the Giant Leeches' with the (sadly departed) Yvette Vickers and two very unbelievable giant leeches.  It's cheap and tacky-looking, but never tacky.  It has a great script and some clever use of a non-existent budget. -- I recently discovered that this movie had originally been released as a double-bill with 'Bucket of Blood', starring Dick Miller (Joe Dante's go-to character actor), about a poor schlep who works at a coffee house where all the cool people hang out and read their poetry (ala late 1950s, early 1960).  He soon discovers that his sculptures make him the toast of the beat generation.  But if those crazy beats only new what went into Dick Miller's sculptures, heh heh heh. -- Now you can get both movies on one disc and pretend you're at a drive-in theater in 1959. -- This double feature is truly a ton of fun.  You have your monster feature with 'Attack of the Giant Leeches', where giant leeches are running amok in an everglade town.  Yvette Vickers is the gorgeous (and nasty) wife of the local general store owner and she's having an affair with the local guy who has the most muscles.  Soon the leeches put in an appearance and dynamite makes an appearance later on.  Lots of fun. -- The really nice surprise is 'Bucket.'  Roger Corman, himself, directed it (I would assume in 4 days with a budget of 800 dollars), and it has its toungue very much in its cheek.  And the movie really is funny.  The subject may be kind of gruesome -- man makes sculptures as people keep disappearing -- but it is done in a clever way and shows genuine wit.  Dick Miller -- who seems to have been born at the age of 39 -- puts in a great performance, as does everyone.  The stand out is Barboura Morris, a real beauty with deep-set eyes, who plays the coffee-house owner and champion of Dick Miller, even before he becomes a celebrity with his sculptures.  This really is one fun double feature.  If you like movies that are cheaply made but somehow seem to possess more literate quality because of that fact, this disc is for you.
Set in the Florida swamps - "near Cape Canaveral, where there's radiation" - some pretty scary things are going on, i.e. sweaty drunk hillbillies are disappearing faster than the sheriff can count 'em.  Though it takes him a while to admit the need to kill wildlife, the swamp marshall (probably a federal employee, hence at odds with local poachers and old-boy law enforcement) mounts an investigation.  He finds 'em.<br /><br />As a kid, I only saw images from this in my Famous Monsters of Filmland mag, and always wanted to see this.  Even though they are men in rubber suits, this is pretty fun, starting with Yvette Vickers, the Playboy pinup who went on to cult status as the attacking 50-foot woman.  Yep, she is the tramp, trapped in the lair of the radioactive leeches and submitting to their attentions while screaming.  OK, I don't think Ill watch again anytime soon, but hey, you gotta fulfill at least some of your childhood dreams, eh?
Not  much to say about the movie, it's a Saturday afternoon 'B' movie, with Ken Clark looking very hunky and a bit wooden!
I have always enjoyed this film, I watch it a few times a year. There are some very good scenes with some pretty decent acting and dialog. If you can check out the MST3K version check it out after seeing the original, Priceless entertainment.
The story takes place in a Florida swamp near Cape Canaveral where those atomic payloads keep falling. A swamp hunter comes back from the swamp with the tale of a strange creature that took four slugs from his mighty gun to dispatch. However he brings back no proof. That night wayward wife Liz (Yvette Vickers) just happens to be wandering around in the swamp when she spots is very same hunter that appears to have been leehcie- aided. Even though the Hunter really never touched a wayward wife the local authorities don't believe in giant leeches so they attributed his death to misadventure. It is not until several other people seem to be disappearing under the same mysterious circumstances that the authorities are finally starting to get curious.<br /><br />Fat slob Dave (Bruno VeSota) catches his wife Liz on the very edge of the swamp fooling around with his best friend Cal (Michael Emmet). So Dave scares them off into the swamp with a shotgun. And you guessed it. They too become leehcie- aided.<br /><br />Against the advice of the local game warden (Ken Clark) the local Doc Greyson (Tyler McVey) decides to use dynamite to sort this out. What will he find?<br /><br />Mean time through the whole movie Liz Walker (Yvette Vickers) keeps hanging around near the leeches and you just know she needs to be eaten or at least sucked.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00006II54">The Killer Shrews</a>
I am an avid fifties sci-fi buff, but this movie was really sadly put together even for back then. I gave it two stars because of the effort. It really could have been a great movie if it was for the "special effects" ... they were really special.
The key thing to know about "A Bucket of Blood," the first of this double feature DVD is that Roger Corman made it a year before he did "Little Shop of Horror." Both movies starred Dick Miller, both were made in less than a week on shoestring budgets (five days for $30,000), and both films constitute horror-comedy, although "Little Shop" is decidedly more over the top. But do not be surprised if you like this 1959 Corman film better.<br /><br />The horror element is actually in vogue again with the release of a new version of "House of Wax" this week, since Miller plays Walter Paisley, a bus boy at The Yellow Door, an art house care that is the place to go for the Beat Generation. Paisley is a would-be-sculptor wants to be accepted by all of the cool cats, but he does not really have any talent. Then he accidentally kills his cat and when he covers it with clay he is suddenly proclaimed as having a "talent" for lifelike artwork. Another accident, of a sort, gives him the opportunity to move on to human figures, at which point Walter starts looking for new subjects. The ending strikes you as being something out of "The Twilight Zone," but up to that point it works for the most part because of the performances by Miller, Barboura Morris as Carla, and most of the supporting roles.<br /><br />The comedy part comes not from the killing and sculpting but from the movie's send up of the beatnik scene. The cafe is filled with Beat poets and folk singers. Part of the reason it works is that what is happening at the cafe is not really parody, but earnest attempts in the accepted Beat style. The babble coming out of the mouth of Maxwell (Julian Burton) has the appropriate sense of pseudo-profundity and the guy walking around playing the guitar and singing is Alex Hassilev, who was about to help form the Limeliters. This movie was remade in 1995 as one of the cable television movies presented under the umbrella title "Roger Corman Presents," but that was not half the movie the original black & white, quick & dirty film is as far as I am concerned.<br /><br />"Attack of the Giant Gila Monster" is one of those films where you take a real animal and having it crawl through miniature sets. The tagline for this film was: "Only Hell could breed such an enormous beast. Only God could destroy it!" But this 1959 film from director Ray Kellogg ("The Killer Shrews," "The Green Berets"--how is that for a credit combo?), filmed in north Texas for $138,000, is a lot more low-keyed than those lines would suggest. In fact, what is interesting given when this film is made is the key relationship between Sheriff Jeff (Fred Graham) and young Chase Winstead (Don Sullivan). The kid is working on his hot rod and instead of busting his chops the sheriff really functions as a mentor: he says he is concerned about the kids in town, and you actually believe it. The idea of having a movie in which a teenage hot rodder, who also sings like Pat Boone who is not a juvenile delinquent, or at least treated like one by the cops, is rather refreshing, although admittedly the character is a bit heavy on the saccharine. But Sullivan has a natural charm and the guy wrote his own songs, so give him some credit.<br /><br />But since we are talking letting a Gila monster wander through miniatures in a film with teenage hot rodders, of course this movie received "MST3K" treatment (Season 4, when Joel turned Crow and Servo into "The Thing With Two Heads" as inspired by the movie of the same name"). My major complaint about this film is that the day for night shooting is so dark I have a hard time figuring out what is happening. Obviously the special effects budget is such that most of the "horror" is suggested by quick cuts rather than actually showing everything. Still, I like the way that everybody is pretty level headed in this film and deal with the giant Gila monster in a relatively intelligent manner without wasting a lot of time and effort. Yes, finding the monster, which is the size of several houses, should not take so long, but then the movie would be shorter and it is only 74 minutes anyway.
Eventhough the film is very low budget , it was still enjoyable to watch. The acting is good , the story is good, and the direction has flair. But  the greatest asset to this movie is Yvette Vickers, she has a sex appeal so  great it is hard to forget her. Like Attack of the 50 Ft Woman I would like  to see this film remaid someday with a budget, but it will be hard to  recast Miss Vickers.
