The early 90s were not kind to Eddie Murphy. Paramount butchered Another 48 Hours in the editing room, audiences turned their noses up at Boomerang, and almost nobody even bothered with The Distinguished Gentleman. Eddie had lost his pulling power and decided to go back to the role that made him a superstar. But 1994 just wasn't the right moment as most of the cast and crew were busy, leaving very little in the way of continuity. Several scripts came and went, and what we finally got was a lame 'Die Hard in a Theme Park' story.<br /><br />There is a huge list of reasons why BHC3 stinks:<br /><br />No Taggart.<br />No Bogomil.<br />No Jeffrey.<br />No Harold Faltermeyer.<br />No Bruckheimer/Simpson.<br />No opening title.<br />No wisecracking.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, I like Hector Elizondo, but he's no substitute for John Ashton (who's absence is explained with a single, flippant line of dialogue). I can't help but think if the above list was shorter then the movie wouldn't have been such a failure. Where on earth did the $70 million budget go? John Landis' action scenes are flat and static, with no real spark or energy.<br /><br />All three Beverly Hills Cop movies have had horrible scripts, huge plot holes, and hammy villains, so I guess in a way it IS in keeping with the tradition. Eddie Murphy gives a very lazy, disinterested performance as Axel Foley, which reminds me a long of Seagal's effort in Under Siege 2. Neither of them wanted to be there and were phoning it in long distance. This is NOT the Axel you know and love here.<br /><br />It's saved from one-star rating by Judge Reinhold's gung-ho as usual Rosewood, and the last minute addition of Axel Fox, a nice touch and the most three-dimensional character in the movie.<br /><br />The DVD looks quite mediocre.
I think "Beverly Hills cop III" was an extremely regrettable turning point in the nice career of one of the most talented and funniest black comedians Hollywood has ever seen - Mr. Eddie Murphy. Before it he used to be funny or at least much funnier. He appeared in the rather enjoyable flicks like "48 Hrs.", "Coming to America", "Another 48 Hrs.", "The Distinguished gentleman", "Boomerang" and of course "Beverly Hills cop I & II" - two beloved movies that will always be his very best works.<br /><br />Then someone decided to add part three in the so far terrific "Beverly Hills cop" saga. This time Axel Foley was on the mission of revenge and the comedy was unfortunately replaced by action. Who forgot that most of the glamour behind these movies came directly from the humor? Even though John Landis - the man behind hit comedies like "The Blues Brothers" and "Three Amigos!" - sat in the director's chair the end result just wasn't that funny anymore or at least it was funny very rarely and that's a bad thing if we compare part three to its absolutely hilarious precursors. ...and as it happened, after "Beverly Hills cop III" Eddie Murphy got roles from the movies like "Vampire in Brooklyn" (with only couple of excellent scenes), "Metro" (that apparently wasn't supposed to be funny in the first place), "Doctor Dolittle" (cute little film for kiddies who love furry animals that talk), "Holy man" (interesting but more confusing than amusing) and "Nutty Professor II: The Klumps" (definitely one of his worst movies, waste of his undisputed talents and a model example of a comedy that doesn't make you laugh).<br /><br />Lately I saw "Life" and surprisingly it was pretty brilliant and alongside with fairly good "Bowfinger" it's the only completely clear exception in this course. What I'm saying is, "Beverly Hills cop III" started it all. Was it all just a coincidence or was it meant to be that Eddie Murphy's best years were in the 80's and early 90's? I can't tell. This is just the way I see things.
The first two films of this trilogy are great. If you have never seen them, I recommend that you go to your local rental store and rent them. As for this one, it's horrible. This is the worst one to me. I hated the theme park story, or was it just the theme park music that was annoying? Anyway, avoid it.
The third installment of the popular &quot;Beverly Hills Cop&quot; series is like a distant relative who comes to stay with you. At first, you're glad to see them and catch up on old times, but they sure wear out their  welcome fast. This film reaches that point after about fifteen  minutes.<p>Eddie Murphy is back as Alex Foley, the increasingly improbable  fish-out-of-water detective from Detroit. Once again, Axel is doing battle  with the law enforcement establishment, the Beverly Hills Police  Department, and the Bad Guys who killed his friend. Sound familiar? Even  Serge (Bronson Pinchot) is back, in a desperate, painful scene that seems  to go on forever.<p>The direction, by veteran Murphy helmer John Landis, is  acceptable, showing Landis' usual flair for pacing and stunts. The  screenplay by the usually reliable Steven deSouza, though, is woefully  half-baked. It is never clear what the tone of the picture is supposed to  be. The action scenes are very off-hand and frequently played for laughs,  while the comedy scenes are forced and unfunny. The story never builds the  sense of jeopardy and conflict that is essential to a film of this type. It  is neither a laugh riot, nor is it even remotely suspenseful. Also, any  film that makes Hector Elizondo--one of the best character actors  around--look bad has some serious problems.<p>There are two good things  about &quot;Cop III.&quot; One is an excellent action sequence set on an  amusement park Ferris wheel. That is the only exciting part of the film.  The other thing I liked was the series of cameos by a variety of famous  film directors (like George Lucas), a typical Landis gag. It at least gives  you something to look for in some pretty boring scenes.
"Are you going to work with Eddie Murphy again?" Asked to John Landis by someone at the 1992 Fangoria Convention. "I hope not," Landis replied. Now keep in mind this was in reference to them working together in "Coming to America," not this film. I have no idea why they teamed up together again, because the evidence from this film shows they must have really disliked one another even more. Look at this film and then look at "Trading Places," their first collaboration and you can begin to see the differences. I thought with this third "Beverly Hills Cop," Landis was going to support the story adaquately, then for the action scenes show his wild spirit (ala the ending sequences of "Animal House," "American Werewolf," and "Blues Brothers"), and for the comedy, roll two to three cameras and let Eddie play with each scene. If Landis could give Michael Jackson room to do what he wanted in the "Black or White" video, why not let Eddie do what he does best instead of forcing his character and us the audience through a bunch of painfully unfunny scenes, terrible acting, and a tv movie look? Sure it looks better on dvd than it did in the theatres, but that is still no excuse for betraying the core of this series. If it had tried to do something different and been successful, this film would be liked much more. The reason why it is so hated is because the film has no pulse or soul--something I never thought possible for John Landis or Eddie Murphy.<br /><br />Both men are capable of great things but lord have mercy on this film and give everyone their two hours back.
Now this is one movie that made me want to get up and leave the movie theater! I regret paying my hard earned money to see this badly put out, predictable, boring plot.
I can honestly say that this was one of the few times I've ever wanted to walk out of a movie in the theater (my friends prevented me from doing so). Eddie Murphy hadn't made a funny movie in quite a while prior to this, and I remember figuring he was due (besides, how could you mess this up?). But I was wrong... the plot is idiotic, the "action" scenes are childish, and the only two near-giggles are Bronson Pinchot's art dealer, and maybe Hector Elizondo howling "Turn off that !#$*% song!!". Seriously though, the movie's whole premise - Axel getting all choked up over the murder of his boss, who had spent the first two films reaming him out, is both far-fetched and completely out of line with what the series had been. Worse still is the ... family-style veneer (were they trying to attract 5-year-olds by sending Axel to save cartoon characters in a theme park?) The first two movies got great mileage out of skewering 1980's pop-culture and Beverly Hills excess by dropping a rag-tag player from Detroit in the middle and letting him run circles around them. All of that fun is missing here.<p>Action-comedies can be great fun when done well, because humor and danger tend to bounce well off each other. Unfortunately, this film is utterly devoid of either.
Beverly Hills Cop needed no introduction. It was one of the best action comedies of 1984. It helped usher Eddie Murphy into the mainstream and reigned supreme 1984. Beverly Hills Cop II was pretty good. A little over the top but still fun. It complimented Tony Scott's style of film-making and it also captured the essense of the 80s. This monstrosity is instantly forgettable from start to finish.<br /><br />A bust goes horribly wrong and Inspector Todd(Gilbert R Hill) is killed. Axel(Eddie Murphy) traces the killer known as Ellis De Wald(Timothy Carhart) to a cheesy Disney knock-off called Wonderworld where Ellis De Wald is the supervisor.<br /><br />Where do I start first? Axel Foley doesnt even feel like Axel Foley(kind of like how Big Top Pee Wee is different from the Pee Wee of Big Adventure). Eddie spends the whole movie looking like he cant grasp what his character is supposed to be. Gone is the tenacious but silly cop that annoyed his target. He is replaced by a guy who is so laid back in his demeanor that he gets boring to watch after a while.<br /><br />The only returning characters are Inspector Todd(but he gets killed in the beginning) and Rosewood(Judge Reinhold). Taggart is gone and so is Sgt. Bogomil. That was the tipoff that this movie was DOA.<br /><br />The first two BHC movies had pretty good villians considering the time period. Victor Maitland and The Alphabet Killer were good villians but Ellis De Wald is awful. No disrespect towards Timothy Carhart but he was pretty hammy and his mater plan was weak and showed laziness on behalf of the writers. Using an amusement park to make counterfeit cash? How lame is that.<br /><br />The movie is rarely funny and bringing back Serge(Bronson Pinochet) was a cheap attempt to make us remember the first interaction that Serge and Axel Foley had in the first movie. There is one redeeming moment in this movie: the malfunctioning park ride sequence where Axel saves two kids. This scene is the only reason why I gave it two stars. The humor for the most part is forced and if ever hear that annoying theme song for Wonderworld it will be too soon. Who thought that was an amusing plot device anyway?<br /><br />In conclusion this movie killed a promising series. Its a shame that the same wondeful director(John Landis)behind Animal House, Blues Brothers, Coming To America and few other of my favorite movies is behind this mess. John Landis is a great director but not a great director for this type of movie. Thumbs down.
The 2nd & 3rd movies are never as good as the originals but with that being said, this movie was still great.  This time he's back in Beverly Hills to investigate the murder of his friend inpector Todd.  Much of the movie takes place in an amusment park which makes it kind of fun.  Unfortunately just like the 2nd movie, this movie is more violent than the first, but If you haven't seen this movie, it's time! Once again, Eddy Murphy is perfect and totally believable in this action comedy. I really can watch all of his Beverly Hills Cop movies over & over again. I don't want to give any more of the story away, but all 3 of these movies are one's you MUST SEE!!! Pick up all 3 movies today. You'll be glad you did.
Part 1 and part 2 were great. Whenever a 3rd part comes out or even a 4th and so on I am always skeptical because they usually suck. This movie was no different. Weak plot, boring as heck and the actors are wastedbecause they werent even given good lines. I own a huge collection od DVDs and I own part1 and part 2 and I wouldnt add part 3 if someonegave it to me for free!
It was about time that Paramount came out with a BEVERLY HILLS COP 3 since this movie didn't come out till 7 years later after BEVERLY HILLS COP 2 did and 10 years after the original BEVERLY HILLS COP did, except BEVERLY HILLS COP III wasn't nearly as funny or as good as the first 2 were since there was no John Ashton(Sgt. Taggart), no Ronny Cox(Capt. Bogomil), and no Paul Reiser either, which kind of soured this sequel which I'm sure is another reason why Siskel & Ebert gave this movie 2-thumbs down when it was released in the movie theatres back in the Spring of 1994, which is perhaps the reason why Paramount hasn't gotten around to making a BEVERLY HILLS COP IV since BEVERLY HILLS COP 3 bombed at the box office.<br /><br />Something else I noticed about this movie was even though Axel teamed up with Beverly Hills P.D. again for the 3rd time since Axel's cases that start out in Michigan always seem to lead to Southern California, about half of this movie actually took place at Paramounts GREAT AMERICA amusement park in Santa Clara even though it had so-called taken place at an amusement park in the L.A. Area called WONDERWOLD, but the amusement park was actually located in the Bay Area near San Jose, but I'm sure their reason for using GREAT AMERICA for the amusement park in this movie was due to the fact that GREAT AMERICA is owned by the Paramount movie corporation and I highly recommend GREAT AMERICA to anybody needing or wanting to take their kids to a fun amusement park besides DISNEYLAND, KNOTTS BERRY FARM, or even UNIVERSAL STUDIOS for that matter, but I don't highly recommend BEVERLY HILLS COP 3 since it was obviously a downgrade from the first 2 BEVERLY HILLS COP installments, so you could say that this was like a definite insult to BEVERLY HILLS COP I and II.<br /><br />In addition you could say that this was the first BEVERLY HILLS COP installment that had some filming taking place in Northern California and one of the very few movies that I know of that took place in the San Jose area as well, since most movies tend to take place in either L.A., New York City, Hollywood, or San Francisco.
Beverly Hills Cop III  (Paramount, 1994)  Ten years after the first Beverly Hills Cop went through the box office roof and became a benchmark in action comedies, a few of the cast members came back for another go-round. In Detroit, detective Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) is gearing up a bust on a major car theft chop shop operation with his team (including Jon Tenney and Joey Travolta), with his boss Inspector Todd (Gil Hill) along as an observer. What Axel doesn't know is that moments before their arrival, some smooth operators with machine guns showed up at the chop shop, collected a van full of something that was stolen on their behalf, and paid off in lead. As the bust comes down around their ears in a hail of gunfire, what Axel does know is that he has seen Inspector Todd shot dead by the leader of the baddies - a steely eyed buzzard (Timothy Carhart) who then hightails it, along with the van full of McGuffins. However, they've left a trail...and you only get one guess where it leads. Well, two, because, yes, it is indeed Beverly Hills California. But where in Beverly Hills? How about the world famous theme park Wonder World, led by that lovable old Uncle Dave (Alan Young)? And no, I don't know what you mean when you say the words "Disney" or "Walt." This is entirely different.<br />  Axel shows up and enlists the help of Billy Rosewood (Judge Reinhold), now promoted from detective to being the DDOJSIOC for all of Los Angeles. (Oh, that's Deputy Director of Operations for Joint Systems Interdepartmental Operational Command. Something about interfacing all the various law enforcement agencies when crimes go across city limits and county lines.) Sadly Taggart has retired, covered with a couple of lines of dialogue and they plain forget to even namecheck Lt. Bogamill, although both gentlemen can be glimpsed in a picture on Billy's desk.<br />  Billy introduces Axel to his new old cop buddy Jon Flint (Hector Elizondo) who fills in neatly yelling at the boys for the rest of the movie that he's too old for this sh--wait, no, that's Danny Glover who says that. Oh well, Flint yells at them anyway, just like Taggart used to. Still miss John Ashton though.<br />  Axel heads out to Wonder World to see why there were clues pointing to the park back in Detroit and to maybe find out why all clues found in Detroit crime scenes always point to Beverly Hills. Flint offers to set up a meeting with chief of park security Ellis DeWald, but is called away, leaving Axel to head out there alone. Before he can even set foot in the park, Foley runs afoul of the park's jerkweed security force, and soon finds himself dragged bodily to DeWald's office where he first meets DeWald's boss, park chief of operations Orrin Sanderson (John Saxon). Imagine Our Hero's surprise when DeWald finally shows up and it's the same motherloving jackwagon who shot Todd back in Michigan!<br />  Now knowing there's something more than fishy going in the home of Rufus Rabbit, Axel goes into full Foley mode, making waves every chance he gets as he works to bring down DeWald and his whole criminal organization. He gains some allies, including Wonder World operations rep Janice(Teresa Randle), Treasury agent Fulbright (Stephen McHattie), Uncle Dave himself, and even our old buddy Serge (Bronson Pinchot), now out of the art game and selling stylish weaponry for home defense. Even with this much help, will Axel be able to stop the slick and nasty DeWald?<br />  Everyone pretty much agrees the first BHC is a classic. There's a split on BHC II, some love it even more, others find it too impressed with its own coolness. But nearly everybody seems to agree that BHC III sucks, including Eddie Murphy.<br />  Well, I like Beverly Hills Cop III. Quite a bit. Oh, it's not a perfect movie. It doesn't meld the comedy with the action as seamlessly as did the first movie, and some of the trips it makes down the comedy road don't work. But the action side does work; quite well in fact. It actually makes sense that an older Axel, really hit by the loss of his mentor, the irascible and salty Inspector Todd, would tone down the quips and improvs and concentrate on getting his hands around DeWald's pencil neck. So I don't mind that Murphy is a little lower key here. It's a great cast down the line - look how many I listed up there  -and of course Landis continues his penchant for slapping film directors into as many of the 1 and 2 line parts as he possibly can.<br />The production got to use a real amusement park - Great America -  owned by Paramount, so the settings look good, with some early digital flimflam giving the park a different appearance in the wide overhead shots - watch how the camera "jerks" when it pans down across the park to the gate twice during the movie. Plus, they got the Sherman Brothers - Richard and Robert - the composers of Disney's notorious It's a Small World - to write a similar tune for this movie called The Wonderworld Song! Robert cameos too! And following in the villainous duo footsteps of Steven Berkoff and Jonathan Banks; and Jurgen Prochnow and Brigitte Nielsen - Timothy Carhart and John Saxon make for some terrific bad guys.<br />  In the end, I like this one a tiny bit more than BHC II - I'm one of those who thinks Eddie and the movie have started believing their own press in the second movie. This gets a definite recommendation for action junkies, and a qualified yes for others seeking action entertainment. Check it out!
Beverly Hills Cop 3 is the third in the series in which Detroit Supercop Axel Foley (Eddie Murphy) witnesses the murder of his boss and follows the killer to an amusement park called Wonderworld.There is a lot of funny dialogue and scenes,alot of good violent action and the trademark Axel F theme playing throughout.I dont know why this did so bad i really enjoyed this movie as i did the last two.I didnt take it too serious i just had fun with it.I love the Billy Rosewood character (Judge Reinhold) who returns as a big shot this time and he is hilarious.Hector Elizondo takes over what would be John Ashton's role as the other cop who helps to bring down Ellis Dewald (Timothy Carhartt) who i think does a superb job as a cold hearted son of a bitch.I dont care what anyone says i really enjoyed this movie and i cant wait for part 4! There is a hilarious scene in which the two chop shop fatty guys dance to "Come see about Me" its just awesome ...
One night in Detroit, during a shoot-out at a chop shop, Detroit cop Axel Foley sees his boss, Inspector Douglas Todd, getting killed by a well dressed man. Using his last breath, Inspector Todd tells Axel to get the man who shot him, and Axel says that he will do that. Axel does some looking around, and finds the killer's vehicle at Wonder World, a theme park in Beverly Hills, California. In Beverly Hills, Axel is reunited with his friend Billy Rosewood, who tells Axel that John Taggart is now retired and living in Arizona. Billy is now the deputy director of operations for joint systems interdepartmental operational command (JSIOC). Billy also has a new partner named Jon Flint. The action is good. Beverly Hills Cop III is a good enough sequel, just not as good as the others.
I didn't think it was that bad! I love that it takes place at an amusement park! When his boss, Inspector Todd is killed, Axel goes back to Beverly Hills to find the killer that works at Wonderworld. It mostly has action and suspense than it does comedy. I highly recommend BEVERLY HILLS COP III!!!
Beverly Hills Cop III is the worst in what was a promosing action comedy franchise. Murphy was in a carrer slump and I guess he made this film to help out his carrer but it didn't help just sunk it deeper. The film is full of mistakes such as the loss of Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckhiemer a weak script and a lack of action. John Landos who worked with Murphy before and made good films fails here. The film needed a good action director like Renny Harlin,Dwight H. Little or even Karthyn Bigelow who were all at the top of their game back in 94. Skip this one even if you're a die hard Murphy fan.
Detroit detective Axel Foley(Eddie Murphy) comes back to Beverly Hills to conduct an investigation at an amusement park. This most recent installment was directed by John Landis,whose previous credits include THE BLUES BROTHERS,ANIMAL HOUSE,OSCAR and TRADING PLACES,the latter which starred Murphy. Many of the cast from the first two films had bowed out of this installment. Judge Reinhold reprises his role of Beverly Hills officer Billy Rosewood. Axel learned that Billy's partner John Taggart,portrayed by John Ashton,had retired from the force to move to Arizona with his wife and kids(he was separated from them during the second film) and concentrate on his passion for golf. John's brother Joey Travolta,who hails from Engelwood,New Jersey like his brother and Murphy appears in this film. This film came to theatres around March 1994,nearly a decade since the release of the first film. I figure Paramount wanted Landis to have a turn since Martin Brest and Tony Scott already had theirs. I wonder if Eddie had a bunch of friends who worked for Paramount Pictures. He starred in many other Paramount properties including 48 HRS.(his starring debut),its sequel ANOTHER 48 HRS.,THE GOLDEN CHILD,COMING TO AMERICA,BEST DEFENSE,HARLEM NIGHTS,BOOMERANG and others.
I was going to write my own review of this but I don't think I can improve on what's already here. The movie simply isn't funny. The Axel Foley character is turned from a clever street wise cop always ahead of everyone into this clutz who can't seem to do anything right.<br />The story is about a couterfiet ring operating out of an amusement park. Somehow one of the bad guys shot Inspector Todd (a waste) back in Detroit and Axel is sent again to Beverly Hills.<br />This is one of those movies where the audience can see who the bad guys are from the beginning so there is no suspense here. We are supposed to wait for Foley to unmask the villains and expose the plot. Instead Foley fumbles through scene after scene of ridiculous situations in which he barely escapes except for plain dumb luck. Herein, Axel foley is a clutz who can't get the upper hand here no matter what and is not funny and in no way compares to the first 2 movies in this series.<br />The whole thing feels clumsy and awkward. Reccommend BHC 1 & 2.
Eddie Murphy is great as Axel Foley in Beverly Hills Cop III. I love all three of the BHC movies and this one is interesting because of the theme park setting.  It makes you laugh, there's great music, tense action and even a little romance.  Keeps you interested.  Eddie Murphy comes through again!  Thanks Eddie.  A great ending to an awesome trilogy.
a truly awful film.  the first is my favourite film and the second, although not as good, still gets regular viewings but this is an insult to movie-watchers.  eddie murphy reputedly turned down the role three times due to the atrocious script and eventually only took the part because of the ludicrous amount of money on offer to him.  the absence of john ashton as the perfect foil for judge reinhold is a travesty and his replacement (who's also the bad guy, whoops sorry, spoiled the film, but don't worry, john landis did that for me) is so see-through it is unbelievable.  i urge you not to buy this film.  the first two?  yes.  if you want eddie murphy stuff, go for coming to america or the 48hrs films (not classics, but better than this).  how anyone could say eddie's best role was in bowfinger (see earlier review) beggars belief.  that's an appalling film as well, and possibly eddie's worst ever role.  the first bhc film is his best, just watch the scene at the buffet meal when he says &quot;tell victor that ramone, the man he met last week, found out he's got herpesemplex 10 so he better get to the clinic before things start falling off on the brother&quot; in a camp voice.  genius.
Beverly Hills Cop III is the last installment in an awesome trilogy where nonstop laughter and action occurs. The first 2 are classics and the original is especially a definite must see.<br /><br />But, this one isn't at all as good as the first two. But....<br /><br />THe movie is fairly descent with some ok action and funny moments but there aren't enough funny moments and the action is cheesy. Plus the whole movie basically takes place in a theme park. Yeah, a place like Disneyland called Wonderworld. So, I was sitting down, listening to some stupid theme song go off every second. I was about to rip my hair out. I mean, it was annoying. Also, R rated movies shouldn't take place in a theme park! It just seemed too babyish. On top of it, it's just such a dissapointment to me because the first 2 were classic and this one was a horrible end to the trilogy. If you watch this without watching the first 2, you'll like it better than me. And for those of you giving it 4 or 5 stars, come on! THe Wonderworld setting alone screwed it over!<br /><br />Watch the first 2 and act like this doesn't even exist because even though it isn't the worst movie ever, it is a horrid end to the trilogy and an affront to the first two.
My family (ages 77, 70, 50, 18, 16, 14, and 44) really enjoyed the first 2 Beverly Hills movies, however the third one only got thumbs up from grandma. It lacked the freshness of the first 2, and was instead a typical cliched sequel. Boring.
As good as I and II, Funny, loved it, recommend watching it. Murphy and his team are entertaining as usual. I would watch it again.
This is my favorite Cop movie.  Axel seems more mature here.  The action is top notch with amazing stunts and just the right amount of humor without going over the top to get laughs.  I think the villain in this movie is the most developed of the three.  It would have been nice to see the Taggart character again but the lack of his presence doesn't ruin the movie.  Hector Elizondo, one of my favorite actors, in a way fills in for him.  Don't watch this movie expecting a rehash of the first two.  It has the most original story of the three. Watch with an open mind and be entertained.
Forgive me for using part of my review for the original film to explain my rating  for the sequels. "When Eddie Murphy took the world by storm, he was pretty much able to do whatever he wanted in movies. After a few extremely funny films, Eddie took a shot at the action genre and while the Beverly Hills Cop series does succeed on some levels, it falls short because Eddie just isn't that good of a serious actor.<br /><br />This film may seems familiar, almost 48 hours-ish, but with nowhere near the wit. Part three isn't all that bad, but considering the first two films weren't great to begin with, this film seems pretty unnecessary. I like the theme park location, but it isn't used to it's advantages. If you're expecting LOL funny Murphy, then this is going to disappoint you. Eddie looks like a kid playing cops and robbers in these films and while they are not meant to be taken completely seriously, they are played serious enough that we must believe Murphy is this character, which we do not!" While I didn't find this film to be a complete waste of time, I didn't find it all that memorable either.
That's a comedy, as you know and expect, and any occasion is good to make something funny, or heroic, but that heroic act is at once turned into some fun. Take fun being a hero. The centre of the whole action is a theme park in Los Angeles with as many rides as you can imagine, but the entrance fee is rather high, thirty five dollars, especially for year 1994. And don't think it is a travesty of Disneyland or Disneyworld or even Wonderland, the mainland of Alice. It is just Wonderworld, with dinosaurs and other monsters and a few criminals dressed up as security guards perambulating among the crowd.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
Murphy returns as Axel Foley, yet again, in the third installment of the popular series. As often the case by the third movie, this series has lost pretty much all its steam. Foley is no longer that funny, (in fact, at times, he is uncharacteristicly angry), major players like John Ashton, Ronny Cox, and Paul Reiser are gone, and that cool feel to Foley's presence is all but gone.<p>This time, Axel's boss in Detriot bites the bullet meaning no silly excuse for leaving town or crazy schemes to cover up the fact that he's gone. Hell, he doesn't even use some clever idea to get into the park for free like he did before, he just whines about ticket prices and comes back to pay. Terrible. This character just isn't the same as he once was.<p>There are a few fun moments here and there but Beverly Hills Cop III. is definetly the very least of the series.
Well this third and last by the moment Beverly Hills Cop movie is not like the 2 firsts with great action and chases and thrills instead we have some gags and the John Landis style with great directors cameos(George Lucas) and his trademark humour and hits.<p>In the Dvd extras content I must say that this is the most flop of the 3 that's why I give only 3 stars of 5.<br />Paramount Studios should give some extras more to have the level that had the 2 others.
