I am no movie critic, just as no one else who writes their own user reviews on this site is but in many ways, we are more important than the world-reknowned movie &quot;experts&quot;. While the Ebert's and Roeper's are constantly invited to big premiere's and likely never lay out one single dime to view a movie, it is us; the paying customers, whose dimes make or break a film. That being said, I have put my foot in my mouth in the past when discussing certain actors. Up til now, I've always felt Tom Cruise to be overrated and nothing more than eye candy for starstruck females.<p>As a mere movie fan, I feel as if every actor who achieves greatness has their definitive film that catches my attention and convinces me that they are more than I bargained for. Robert Deniro had &quot;Raging Bull&quot;. Ray Liotta had &quot;Goodfellas&quot;. Johnny Depp had &quot;Donnie Brasco&quot;. Denzel Washington had &quot;Malcolm X&quot;. Now, after years of consistently maintaining that Tom Cruise had no more acting talent than a dead carp, &quot;The Last Samurai&quot; has fully inserted foot into my mouth.<p>Actually, I should take a small step back. Within the past year, I have come to learn that Tom Cruise had personally help finance films that he saw that were running into trouble in the home stretch. When things began to look somewhat grim, Tom Cruise helped get &quot;Lock, Stock And Two Smoking Barrels&quot; and &quot;Narc&quot; into American theaters and as a huge fan of both movies, I felt a need to tip my hat to Mr. Cruise for getting those movies attention that they may not otherwise had received. Like me, Tom Cruise was a fan on movies first and I respect that. However, I had yet to see his acting work turn me fully around. &quot;The Last Samurai&quot; changed that forever.<p>In short, Tom Cruise plays a Civil War Captain who has nightmares of murdering innocent Native Americans in battle. These nightmares feed his obvious drinking problem. He is offered a job for 4 times his regular pay to sail to Japan and train an army to battle the remains of the ancient samurai. Despite their inability to perform, the new Japanese army marches into battle prematurely and amidst a stampede by the samurai, he is captured alive.<p>During his captivity, he meets Katsumoto and through the winter months, he  slowly grows to understand their culture and their respect for life and death. All of this is climaxed in the final battle when he rides out in battle as a samurai with Katsumoto in what ends up being probably the greatest battle scene ever committed to film or at least on par with that of the Lord Of The Rings trilogy. <p>The acting by the entire cast is superb. Tom Cruise's transformation from tragic figure to hardened warrior is nothing short of flawless. The respectful manner in which the samurai is portrayed takes you back into a period in history where you clearly witness a clash of civilizations. One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences. One can tell immediately that the director went to great lengths to avoid having this film be categorized as merely another &quot;samurai flick&quot;. It is instead a great, epic film about a culture that was driven into the annals of history and all but forgotten about.<p>The total package includes a supplement disc containing a virtual well of special features that take you on a stunning detailed ride behind the camera with interviews, historical comparisons, costume and set designs and training for battle sequences. A package this superbly concocted is a crime to ignore.
Dances with wolves meets Shogun, with a little Braveheart thrown in (When you see the final battle scene in the movie, and have already seen Braveheart, you'll see what I mean)....but done real well. (Thank god!) Makes me want to be a samurai just watching it. If you have any interst in Japanese History or culture I highly recomend it.
Both Ken Watanabe and Tom Cruise did an outstanding job in their perfomrances in this movie, though for Watanabe san it was mere rotuine for him since he has regularly played such roles in his native homeland of Japan. His skills as a Samurai in this movie shined brightly and I was also taken by his english speaking capability. Tom Cruise also did a very good job in adapting for this role unlike other movies of his. After seeing other movies of his I was somewhat disappointed by his perfomrances. After purchasing a book about the making of this movie, it explained very well all the details as to what when into the making of this movie from choosing locations, costume design, history of the Samurai and other details. From reading this it not only shows that Tom Cruise put forth countless hours in preparing for this movie as an actor and at the same time displaying respect for the Japanese culture.<p>Special mention undoubtedly goes to both Koyuki and newcomer to me Hiroyuki Sanada. Though I have never seen Hiroyuki san myself while I was in Japan for the last eleven years, his performance fell nothing short of spectacular. As for Koyuki san, most of her roles in Japan have been those of Japanese dramas where she obvioulsy speaks her native tounge. In "The Last Samurai" she shows that she is able to gain your undivided attention not only by her beauty, but by her presence even if she does not have many speaking roles.<p>For those who do not understand the Japanese culture much at all, "The Last Samurai" can and will shed some light for you in not only understanding but appreciating the culture as well. <p>I intend not only to view this movie numerous times when I wish to view great perfomrances by these actors, but to also take me back to a country which I fell in love with while I was there.
I agree with most of the other reviewers. This movie is an excellent, touching, and soon to be classic movie. Tom Cruise is simply Tom Cruise as always. He might not win the Oscar, but who needs Oscar when other actors go for Oscar to become as famous as Tom. The director does a good job, and this is one of the rare movies of 2003 that makes sense unlike Matrix or Terminator sequels. I recommend this one as a resolution for '04!
The last Samurai is a very good film that falls just short of being great.That should not take away from the fact that it is one of the year's ten best films or that it contains one of the year's better performances in the form of Ken Watanbe, whose portrayal of a loyal Samurai leader is amazing as he draws you in to his world and culture. You can see why Tom Cruise follows him into his ways. This film is directed very well by the underrated Edward Zwick and Tom Cruise gives a very good performance. The only problem I have with this film is how self important it is. Even films of this magnitude should not tug so hard on the epic strings. We get the point that this is a big historical epic. No need to keep implying it. However, this film is still worthy of some awards and a good audience.
The Last Samurai, the new Tom Cruise action epic features nice perfomances and great battle sequences.  Director Edward Zwick who made the astounding "Glory" along with the fine film<br /><br />"Legends of Fall," makes another epic with powerful direction.<br />  Tom Cruise delivers a powerful performance as<br />captain nNathan Algren.  He was a hero during the Civil War, but he feels much shame for a horrible atrocity which he participated in which was a slaughter of Indian women and children.  He feels remorse for the Indians and much contempt in the general who he helped commit the act.  So he flees to Japan to train the Japanese army for 500 dollars a month.  During a beginning battle he is captured by a group of Samurai warriors.  Ken Watanabe is so compelling as the Samurai leader he nearly humiliates Cruise.  Cruise is so amazed by the teachings and beliefs of the Samurai he stays with them and fights for their cause.<br />  Being a $140 million epic, The Last Samurai truly does deliver.  The battle sequences are spectacular, some of the best since Mel Gibson's Braveheart.  The Last Samurai is rated R for Strong Violence and Battle Sequences.  The battles are not exceptionally bloody but include guns, bayonets, swords, arrows, spears and cannonfire.  They are made to be more intense than actually gory.<br />  The film has been nominated for 3 Golden Globes. Best Actor, Best Supporting Actor and Best Origianl Score are the nominees. It will probably receive a substantial amount of Academy Award nominations, we'll just have to wait and see.  All in all a fine film worth viewing in theatres and owning on Video or DVD.  For the Best Actor award, it will definetly be between Tom Cruise and Jude Law, in my opinion.
This film seems to have been constructed around Cruise to polish his, some might say, fading star. He's allowed to chew scenery and over-act with abandon in almost every scene.<br /><br />I didn't believe for a second he was an alcoholic. His screaming "Sake" throughout his withdrawl scene was so obnoxious, I really couldn't believe it, and was actually embarrassed to watch it.<br /><br />When he gets beat down by the Samurai with the staff, I really couldn't believe Zwick and co. would use the ole 'they can't beat this man down' cliched faux character exposition posturing. Again, my embarrassment grew as the overbearing score swelled.<br /><br />And right, surely the kids of the fallen Samurai would just love ole 'whitey'- I mean, he only killed their dad.<br /><br />Did anyone think for a second our American Movie Hero wouldn't nab the widowed Samurai's wife - made a widow at the hands of Cruise?<br /><br />Please.<br /><br />I give this film 2 stars only for Ken Watanabe's performance and some nice cinematography. If Zwick will be kissing anymore Hollywood star behind in his future films, I only hope he gives us advance warning so I can avoid those movies like the plague.<br /><br />And Tom, gee...I have no advice for you. I am simply still dumbfounded at your performance here. I am reminded of Jon Lovitz in that old SNL skit.<br /><br />"Acting, Genius...Thank you!!!!!"
Wow! I had just seen the trailer for TLS, a month or so before it was released, and was impressed. All previous attempts at a decent samurai film (save the 7 Samurai) had been complete flops but this promised to be a success. Loosely, I think, based on James Clavell's Shogun with close ties to Dances With Wolves. A washed up and aggressive western barbarian is civilized by the natives and comes to the blinding realisation that he is, in fact, the real enemy; then switches sides - Evident in Shogun, TLS and Dances with Wolves. In any case, I patiently waited for the following month to end and my hype to be satisfied.<br /><br />So, armed with my ticket, a bucket of popcorn and an inexhaustable supply of cool drinks I sat down unprepared for what was about to arrive.<br /><br />For anyone even remotely educated with regards to Japanese culture this movie would be instantly labelled inaccurate and a misinterpretation of the Samurai warrior.  The movie is fraught with mistakes and a serious lack of understanding of what 'Honour' actually meant to a Samurai. For God's sake, not even the seppuku scene is done properly!!!<br /><br />The acting, as with most Cruise movies, is about par, the only decent performance comming from Ken Watanabe for Katsumoto. The story is dry and lacks support, even with the special effecs, music and costume (Which are supprisingly good) it drags this movie, kicking and screaming, in to an adequeate 3 stars. The characters lack uniqueness and originality, making the movie a mission to watch, as they all follow the same predictable pattern. The genre is mixed, with no real consistency and tries dismally to blend it's bloodthirsty action/thriller nature with a more dramatic and historical theme.<br /><br />There is very little to credit this film and it provides itself as another mere supplement for my love of Japanese orientated movies, will there ever be one that is is comletely satisfactory? Kids may enjoy this movie, as will the more bored or ignorant adults - but any educated man will steer clear of giving this excuse for a movie any praise.
Warner Brothers can?t catch a decent break, can they? For the last three years, the studio has had a mixed year based on the performance and public reaction of their films with the missteps outshining the successes. 2003 continues that trend with the poor reception of films like Gods & Generals, Dreamcatcher, Alex & Emma, and Looney Tunes: Back in Action. But what makes this year all the more hurtful was the fact that studio was expected to have had a good year riding the Matrix sequels alone. After the mixed reaction Reloaded received in May, The Matrix Revolutions couldn?t compete like it was expected too and failed to even break the $170 million mark the original film set in 1999. So with those thoughts in mind, what good can Warner Brother executives find in this year? Oscar potential. The studio?s leading Oscar contender is Clint Eastwood?s Mystic River but recently The Last Samurai has emerged to be heading for Oscar gold as well. The film?s leading man, Tom Cruise, hopes this is true in order to redeem the failure of capturing a nomination last year with his role in the critically praise Minority Report. Whether Warner Brothers pushes more for this film or Eastwood?s picture depends on Samurai?s performance but what can be said is that this film will definitely be raising eye brows.<br /><br />The Last Samurai focuses on the journey of a man from the United States who is sent to Japan to help eradicate a rebellious force but learns more from his enemy then he ever imagined. Captain Woodrow Algren is no stranger to the field of battle. He has seen things that many can?t even imagine. Things that he would gladly like to forget if he could. In the time after the Civil War, Captain Algren takes to the bottle like many generals in the 1870?s America. With the Civil War now over, all that is left is the rebellious Indian tribes that have decreased in number rapidly and have been nearly suppressed. But the captain is surprised to be offered the position of training Japanese troops in destroying the last of the samurai warriors that have rebelled against the Emperor who has forced Western society on the nation of Japan. After he is captured by Katsumoto and his band of samurai warriors, Captain Algren learns that the rebel force is not as ?savage? as was once thought. Eventually he comes to find the true meaning of honor, necessity, and remembrance of where one comes from by joining Katsumoto in preserving the samurai way of life. The story of The Last Samurai has to be quite possibly one of the most thought provoking scripts of the year, even beyond the complex realm of the Matrix sequels earlier this year. The film successfully blends historical content from the post-Civil War events both in the United States and Japan with the exquisite traditions and philosophies of the ancient samurais. The Last Samurai is a positively rare sight in the modern age of big budgeted epic dramas that present dazzling special effects but fail to deliver insight into the human experience.<br /><br />Though only one member of the film?s cast can be easily recognizable to American movie-goers, it doesn?t really matter all that much as the level of true acting talent goes far beyond the means of one?s star-power. Tom Cruise gives in all honesty one of the best performances of his career, even more so then his critically acclaimed role in Steven Spielberg?s 2002 sci-fi drama, Minority Report. The amount of determination and vivid emotions Cruise brings to the role go far beyond the acting he has demonstrated in the past and showcases a true sense of maturity in the roles he has chosen and will choose in the future. Captain Woodrow Algren is a perfect presentation of the concept of the will to open one?s self to new culture and way of life despite all those who claim in can not be done. Ken Watanabe, who portrays the samurai lord Katsumoto, does a superb job with the material that is given to him and though some may note that he struggles with the English language presented in the script that is the point of the character. It?s a beautiful portrayal of a talented actor learning the language and the traditions of vastly different culture along the same lines as the character he plays in the film does. Though some may have complaints about the limited appearance Koyuki has as the widow wife Yaka, one must look beyond the amount of screen time her character has and concentrate rather on the substance of her material that does exist. Yaka?s conversation with Katsumoto in which she expresses disagreement over her care of Captain Algren demonstrates the prominent theme of the film, one of a battle raging between honoring the traditions of one?s ancestors yet at the same time maintaining a willingness to break free from those traditions and progress in the world.<br /><br />Overall, The Last Samurai is a rare theatrical treasure that not only successfully presents to the audience a well choreographed Bella-drama of breath taking action sequences and spectacular visuals but intellectuals statements that expresses the idea of expanding one?s mind to a world beyond their own realm. Despite containing an excessively long three hour time length, The Last Samurai does manage its time well although it is to say it does have its points where slow downs are less then warranted but these misgivings can be easily ignored. Many of the concepts that discussed within the framework of the film, namely necessity and ancestry, have already been presented in some degree in the two Matrix sequels earlier this year but Samurai manages to go beyond those films and express those same thoughts on far-less complex level. The way of the samurai is to stick to the traditions of their ancestors and not modernize the way their people have lived for hundreds, if not thousands, of years but as Katsumoto soon comes to realize, modernization, in one form or another, is inevitable in any society. Modernization can be integrated into an already existing culture but not to the extent that all traditions and practices once held by that society are lost forever. The intricate demonstration of certain philosophical practices within the film must be seen to be fully understood by anyone interested by the feature?s premise. The Last Samurai is without a doubt the best, if not the most surprising, film of the year, far exceeding even the extravagantly high expectations set by The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King. Though greatly overlooked at this year?s Academy Awards ceremony, those who witness this film?s brilliant achievements and take its message to heart will give this film a far greater honor then any Hollywood awards ceremony could ever give.
Great battle scenes never seen in this scale.<br />Ken Watanabe and Tom Cruise was superb.
I'm gonna review the quality of the blu-ray version of this movie. I'm not gonna review the movie itself as there are enough reviews of it. The image quality is totally HD quality, image is crisp and detailed and the audio is superb. I'm not a fan of special features so I can't tell you if there are enough as I normally don't watch them unless there are deleted scenes or alternate endings. If you like this movie and you have an hdtv then this is a good purchase.
I bought this DVD on total impulse since i already own it on reg. DVD. I figured this would look really beautiful in HD and i was happy with the quality of the picture. The only think i found lacking in this version is the volume of the sound. I had to crank my TV all the way up just to get some good sound out of it. Perhaps it was an error in the DVD pressing plant or maybe the original soundtrack was mis-recorded...i dont know. Overall this gets 3 stars from me and it would have been 4 stars if the sound wasnt so low.
When should Tom Cruise get an Oscar nomination and wins it ? I'm not a serious Cruise's fan, but I like his work and he works hard for his roles as many A-list actors do. Again, he should be nominated for best actor Oscar for his role in the Last Samurai. It has some of the modern themes of regional and global<br />superpowers dominations and attemp to change the inner cultures of other nations for the sake of self-centered interests and for the love of control. You'll find those elements somtimes hidden within the storytelling. The battle sequences are very well<br />performed yet they need to be longer in duration. The movie is visually stunning.<br />It is a very good movie to watch, and certainly one of the 2003<br />best movies.
Okay, first off I want to say that this was a great movie, great acting and directing, great battle scenes and beautiful Japanese scenery. Many people say this is Dances With Wolves, yes the plot is slightly the same, but I watched Dances With Wolves, I have almost never watched such a boring movie, If The Last Samurai is this, it is certainly a much less boring version. And many people complain about how Tom Cruise doesnt die at the end, well 'It was not his time' as Katsumoto explained numerous times in the movie. And the reason the children and Taka fall in love with Tom is that they forgave him for killing their father/husband, they beleived they where both warriors that did their duty on the field, and they certainly believed that their way of life was worth fighting for. I would think that the way of the samurai or Bushido was worth fighting for, especially back then. As Tom said 'What could be more necissary?'
I feel thsi is a better moive than Lord of the rings the  Return of the king, the best movie i have ever seen. and , The music is fantastic, the acting excelent, i cant wait to watch this movie at home in my  70 inches  widescreen HDTV , and my Home theater...!!!!
This is, without a doubt, the most underrated movie of 2003. This is Edward Zwick's crowning achievement and would be Tom Cruise's best performance if he hadn't been in "Born on the 4th of July". I enjoyed "Master and Commander" but it is so 2nd rate to this. This movie is a beautiful story about a civil war captain, scarred by the way he saw the Native Americans get salughtered by his fellow troops, who is brought by fate to these very spiritual people (the samurai), who learn him their customs and heal his psychological wounds. When his old American comrades come to bring down the samurai, he does all he can to defend them.It is similar to "Dances with Wolves" and "Lawrence of Arabia" in that it is about a depressed man who changes his ways. But I think that this movie is ultimately superior to them. (Another thing, the art and costume design in this movie are breathtaking, another reason to see this movie). This movie deserved the 10 oscar nominations "Master & Commander" recieved (including best picture).
For those who have always believed in being a Samurai, or trying to relive their days in the era that Samurai roamed, the movie in a way gave people that perspective. Of course, it's through the eyes of an American, because as we know it, Americans can't always see things clearly, only through hardships and experience of other people's culture can they truly come to know the differences and traditions of other nationalities. To me, I personally liked the movie for many reasons, the soundtrack was one of the many things, but it was the drama put into the story. It's like that old series, "Shogun", about a sailor from the west who was shipwrecked in Japan and brought up to become a Samurai. Stories that involve a learning process and finally understanding the ways of another is what I love to see in my movies, so I really do applaud the movie for what it does.
The Last Samurai was certainly a surprisingly refreshing escape from the many senseless movies that've recently been released into theatres. The movie was beautifully shot, paying close attention to detail, plus even the acting wasn't as dreadful as I'd expected it to be. To add to everything, the writers even had the sense to put in little sequences of comic relief, whether you found it remotely funny or not... <p>I thought the casting was fantastically done. It was interesting to see Tom Cruise playing such a role. Though not the best actor in the movie, he certainly did good enough of a job in developing his character throughout the course of the film. Ken Watanabe was excellent as Katsumoto. Also, I found it rather....different...when I found out that the lead actress, Koyuki, was 28 years old! Given the fact that so many "young" actresses are casted in movies these days (unless they are the starring role), I just found that fact interesting... <p>Another good thing about this movie is that the Japanese characters actually speak Japanese to one another (there are subtitles, of course). There are numerous American films out there where peoples of different ethnicities end up speaking English to one another in the films, as opposed to their ethnic languages. This film, however, failed to follow that trend, which in my eyes made the entire atmosphere of the film much more authentic. Instead of the Japanese peoples speaking English to one another, the foreigner is forced to learn and adapt to the language of the Japanese instead. <p>Of course, this movie wasn't always perfectly unscathed. Given that it's an American film, you just had to expect its few "Hollywood" moments. It's odd how Tom Cruise is able to defend himself from a gruop of samurais in the opening battle, and later degrades himself to a nobody when he fights against Katsumoto for the first time. Then there are the moments when everyone dies in a scene expect, you guessed it, good ol' Tom Cruise. Oh well, what's a Hollywood movie without these moments? <p>Overall, I'd highly recomment this movie. Unless you absolutely cannot stand the mere sight or thought of Tom Cruise, I'm quite confident that most audiences will enjoy this movie
I saw this movie on the 28th of December.  I walked out of the theater very, very, very satisfied with the movie.  The audience was the worst audience I've ever sat through a movie with it.  If the audience is bad, it can ruin the movie, and make you like it half as much.  That's probably why it's only my second favorite movie.  (My favorite being Office Space)  Though this movie is rated R, it really isn't that bad.  There is blood, but no gore.  When someone gets stabbed, naturally, they're going to bleed.  When somone gets shot, naturally, they're going to bleed.  But, they're flesh isn't naturally going to be split apart.  This movie keeps it realistic.  To tell you what it's about: it's about an ex-civil war captain.  He goes to Japan to teach the Japanese soldiers American tactics.  In their first battle they aren't ready and get defeated.  The captain gets captured and taken to a place with many Samurai.  At first, he's their enemy. He then learns the way of the Samurai, and befriends the Samurai.  To tell you anymore would be to ruin the movie.  But I can tell you this much: go see this movie- you won't regret it.
For many western viewers, this may be the first "samurai" film that they have watched with only a vague and rudiamentary knowledge of who the samurai were, what they symbolized, and how they arose and declined in power.  The more one knows about the samurai, the more "phoney" this film appears to be.  Make no mistake, this film is more about samurai ideals rather than the actual samurai.  This film romanticizes the samurai warrior class when many people understand the samurai as nothing more than a bunch of sword-wielding bullies who enforced the will of the local warlord or Daimyo.  There's an early scene in the movie "SHOGUN" where a samurai instantly sliced off the head of a peasant who simply did not bow in the presence of a samurai.  I watched Kurosawa's "RAN" (before watching "THE LAST SAMURAI" in the cinema) where the samurai are portrayed as self-destructive powermongers.  "THE LAST SAMURAI" looks good visually, but its potential as a great film is compromised by Tom Cruise's egotism and Hollywood's cliches and obligatory plot devices (such as the weak "happy" ending).  Nonetheless, this film is a good introduction to the CONCEPT of the samurai to anyone who knows little about this complex warrior elite that have come to symbolize the old agrarian Japan that is now seemingly lost in today's technocratic Japan.<br /><br />By the way, Japan's new modern army was modelled along Prussian lines.  The sight of American officers training Japanese soldiers wearing Prussian-looking uniforms continues to leave me baffled.  On the other hand, it's a Hollywood film where it is too commercially risky to cast Tom Cruise as a German officer named "Fritz" who drowns his sorrows in shnapps instead of whisky.
"The Last Samurai" is a breathtaking, historical, panorama that examines the blending of cultures and the clash of competing value systems. In this film, Tom Cruise plays Nathan Algren a twelve year old boy who has moved from New Jersey to the California Coast with his single mom. While adjusting to his new environment, Algren practices Bushido (the way of the warrior) from an instruction book and from a few introductory classes that he learned at the local YMCA in his hometown. <p>He also befriends a local girl who, unfortunately is hounded by her ex-boyfriend, an arrogant and aggressive teenager who cruises around town with his friend on dirt bikes. When the ex-boyfriend catches Algren and the girl together a fight ensues and Algren is beaten and humiliated. This prompts Algren to go to the local Bushido dojo where unfortunately he discovers that the ex-boyfriend is the star pupil and the instructor is a sadist. <p>Fortunately, Algren meets Mr. Miyagi an old Samurai warrior who works as a handyman in Algren's rental unit. When Mr. Miyagi realizes Algren's dilemma he takes him on as his lone pupil and teaches him the way of Bushido. Mr. Miyagi orders Algren to paint his fence, wax his car, and strike girlie-man poses on a post by the sea shore all the while promising that this will teach him how to wield a Katana like no other Caucasian man has ever done before.<p>And somehow it works. All of Mr. Miyagi's household chores turn out to be magic Samurai conditioning techniques that convert Algren into the Unstoppable White Warrior (UWW). From here an epic battle takes place between Algren and the ex boyfriend and his evil cohorts. I won't give away the outcome of this incredible battle scene except to say that Cruise does a lot of grunting, his eyes puff out during some of the more visceral moments of combat and his beard flutters in the wind like the calm of the butterfly.
Way better than Lord of the Rings. The battle sequences were suberb and stunning. I loved the fighting and plot. Tom Cruise was awesome in acting in this movie. It was also historicly accurate. So you can learn from this film. It was very educational. It deserves some academy awards. If you like movies like Gladiator you'd pamper yourself by coming to this movie
I enjoyed watching "The Last Samurai" again.  It's one of my daughter's favorites and was under the Christmas tree for her this year.<br /><br />Tom Cruise is the star.  He plays Nathan Algren, a veteran of wars with the American Indians and is haunted by atrocities committed.  We see numerous black and white flashbacks of women and children being shot by soldiers.  Being part Native American, I found these sequences particularly moving and disturbing.  So for me, Algren's depression that sent him to drink seemed quite believable.  Cruise does seem so determined that his acting at times seems a bit forced and calculated rather than an organic performance.  That said, he was nominated for Best Actor by the Golden Globes.<br /><br />Edward Zwick directed the picture and won the Best Director Award from the National Board of Review.  He has also directed "Glory," "The Siege," & "Blood Diamond."<br /><br />Ken Watanabe as Katsumoto shined in this picture.  He's the philosophic Samurai who leads the rebellion against technological compromises with the West.  He demonstrates intelligence, compassion and the rarest of all screen commodities, wisdom.  The final battle sequence is incredible.  He well deserved his Best Supporting Actor Oscar nomination.  Tim Robbins took home the gold in that category for <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001ZX0OW">Mystic River (Widescreen Edition)</a>.<br /><br />Tony Goldwyn who is the grandson of movie mogul Samuel Goldwyn (think MGM) plays the role of Col. Benjamin Bagley.  Goldwyn is still most associated as the bad guy in "Ghost," and plays an arrogant soldier who despite his good looks is not sympathetic.<br /><br />Hiroyuki Sanada plays Ujio, the apparent second in command to Katsumoto.  Sanada has been nominated for five Best Actor awards from the Japanese Academy with two wins including one for his brilliant portrayal in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00065GX0K">The Twilight Samurai</a>.  He does an excellent job taking an instant dislike to Algren, battling him into the mud in a rainy day duel, and eventually coming to respect him after Nathan battles against the masked Ninja who attack their village.<br /><br />Smaller roles deserving of special mention are Koyuki's performance as Taka, who nurses Algren to health despite complaining that he smells like a pig.  She was in the Japanese film "Pulse."  Shichinosuke Nakamura plays the uncertain Emperor Meiji.  Sosuke Ikematsu does a delightful job as the young boy Higen who tries to be tough like a Samurai, but can shed a tear.  Director Masato Harada makes an acting appearance as Omura who wants to bring railroads and Western weapons to Japan.  Shin Koyamada is a good looking young actor.  He plays Nobutada who takes a number of arrows on his escape on the bridge and brings humor and determination to his screentime.  Billy Connolly who was Uncle Monty in "Lemony Snicket" plays the gray-haired Zebulon Grant who stands by Algren and suffers a fatal wound in the first battle.  Zwick does a nice job of creating a good ensemble with his cast.<br /><br />In addition to Watanabe's nomination, this film was also nominated for Oscars for Best Sound Mixing, Best Art Direction and Best Costume Design.  The Japanese Academy awarded it as "Best Foreign Film."  As a piece of fictional cinema, it is a tale well told.  Enjoy!
When I first heard of this movie, I didn't think it would be that great, so I never bothered to go see it in theaters. Later on, I ended up downloading the movie, and didn't think much of it.<br /><br />But now after watching the movie on BD, I think that the movie is quite outstanding. Its got a good story behind it, with some level of historical basis behind it with Samurai becoming phased out into Japan's modernization.<br /><br />It does a good job in immersing you into the conflicts that warriors must endure... and yet, find peace with the way of the Samurai as they are a warrior race and not savages.<br /><br />4/5 stars.
Last Samurai is no masterpiece<br /><br />but technically it is<br /><br />the visuals, the sound effects, the music.<br /><br />If you want to show off to your friends what a great hi-def system you got, purchase this movie.<br /><br />If you want a classic, but lord of the rings or gone with the wind instead.
After picking up my HD DVD player I've had troubles watching regular DVD movies.  I had heard some good things about this movie but couldn't pass it up once it was in high definition.<br /><br />The story is pretty good.  This is the story of Captain Algren who has been sent to Japan in the late 1800's in order to help them modernize the Japanese army as they go from fighting with swords and arrows to machine guns and cannons.<br /><br />After the "modern" Japanese army prematurely attacks the Samurai and lose horribly, Captain Algren is taken captive by the Samurai and introduced to their way of life and refusal to lay down the sword in the name of compliance.  In time, Captain Algren finds himself wanting to become one of the Samurai and learning more of their way of life.<br /><br />The story is pretty good but what raises this up to the level of being outstanding is the high definition quality of the movie.  It was fantastic, especially seeing the colorful Japanese landscape in all of its magnificence.<br /><br />If you like Tom Cruise action movies, this is one to pick up especially in high definition (whether it be Blu-Ray or HD DVD).  The violence can be extremely graphic (hey, this is war) so if you are sensitive to that you may want to look for something else.  Otherwise, the pacing of the movie is pretty good.  It isn't an all out gore-fest... there is action and then it breaks and lets you relax and catch up a little bit and then goes back to action and so on and so forth.
I only review the picture and sound quality of this  HD DVD here.<br /><br />First of all people who claim there is no difference between this and the SD DVD is either blind, or have bad equipment issues. While it is a definitive step up from the SD DVD I would agree that this isn't among the best I've seen. There is nothing particularly wrong with the transfer, but it lacks that "3d" look that some of the best HD DVD titles offer.The goods are very accurate colors and contrast level, black level is also good with ample shadow detail.Film grain is at minimal, and don't see any edge enhancement.Sharpness is where the problem lies, and so is detail is lacking a bit. This movie didn't have the typical big action picture sound, though it had a sweeping score, and some battle related sound, but it won't be your new demo disc. The Dolby Digital+ sound does as much as it can with the source, and it's by no means is bad, it's just not all that great. All in all it's an above then average discs, and if you like the movie then this is the best it looks right now on home video.
Frankly i purchased this item just to know how a BD differ from a DVD on my HDTV using my newly purchased PS3. i chose this product cause it has a lot of natural & colorful scenes. the result was really amazing, visualy, blu-ray movies really surpasses DVD. i couldnt test the audio difference, cuz i only have 5.1 Sony decoder. the movie per say is a must see for all those who like action titles.
I really enjoyed this movie  Edward Zwick , it was a masterpiece it had it all. Action, suspense, a love story, sympathetic characters. That musical score too man that was almost overwhelming. I really dont understand the criticisms for<br /><br />the movie, except maybe its the biased, attitude that Americans have because this movie is a hit. Roger Ebert and Roper gave this movie critical acclaim. Its gathered a great rating on IMDB, the movie is beautifully acted, has a good story and has an epic feeling like the movie "Glory".<br /><br />The movie also was a labor of love by all involved, the costume designs and background were absolute genius, and  even Tom Cruise was one of the producers for the film.<br /><br />Catching an HBO special on it, you could tell Tom realized<br /><br />he did something special with this film.<br /><br />The story is that Tom plays a confederate like soldier ordered<br /><br />to kill a group of Japanese warriors during the middle 18 century. He encounters and is captured by Katsumot (Ken<br /><br />Watanabe). However instead of killing Nathan Algren, Katsumoto<br /><br />keeps him alive so he can get info about the Emperor's men<br /><br />that are attacking him and the American soldiers.<br /><br />Algren then during his capture sees both sides of the story,<br /><br />he realizes that Katsumoto is not the enemy, its the very<br /><br />people that hired for the job that are the enemy, from<br /><br />the corrupt officials in Asia who want to turn the country<br /><br />into a capitalistic state with the salivating Americans<br /><br />like Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwynn) ready to take advantage.<br /><br />"The Last Samurai" simply stated is an excellent movie, you will<br /><br />not waste your time watching this movie, its an excellent flick<br /><br />that deserves your viewing.
While this movie was quite long, and long winded in some parts, it is still a terrific movie played by some terrific actors.<br /><br />Tom Cruise's Nathan was a great character in this story and was one you really wanted to pull for. And the lord he grew to respect and become great friends with, Katsumoto, was played brilliantly by Watanabe.<br /><br />The action scenes and scenary in general was beautiful in this movie. Especially that 'ninja vs samurai' scene, which was something to watch...<br /><br />All in all this was a great touching movie but the final ending scene was a bit too unoriginal for my tastes, and reminded me of way too many other movies. Thats why this is a 4 on my scale.
Tom Cruise's character comes off as a man who has seen violence from the time the doctor slapped his butt. War does things to soldiers that nobody else can understand or comprehend. The music is impressive, especially before the large battle. I feel goosebumps everytime I watch it. From the Cruise/Samurai entrance to the emperor receiving the sword.<br /><br />Go for it.
I gave this movie my undevided attention and found myself on a roller coaster of being engaged and indifferent.  The development of the movie at the beginning was good, the first battle scene being very good, actually.  That really set the stage for Cruise's character to evolve, arch, etc., but it fell short and didn't come full circle for me.  We see Tom Cruise as a victim at first and then a willing participant with a foreign culture, very similar to Dances With Wolves.  I would have liked to have seen a lot more detail about his assimilation and the family that took him in.  The "heart" of the movie was moving, and it has an ending that stuns the viewer.
I thought &quot;The Last Samurai,&quot; was an excellent movie.  I plan on keeping this DVD handy.  I have little doubt that I will watch this one many, many times.
Okay, so the plot is just Dances with Wolves set in Japan.  I still thought it looked glorious and that Tom is becoming a fine actor and that Ken Watanabe was fantastic!  For the length of the film, you're transported back in time 100 years and get a wonderful taste of the period.  The sword fights are wonderful, especially one where Tom's character is set upon by four samurai.  Usually, a Hollywood film showing the hero fighting against multiple attackers looks extremely corny: with each one waiting his turn to charge.  This one looked quite a bit more compelling.  When we saw it in the theater there was an audible &quot;Whoa!&quot; from the audience when it was over.<p>This isn't The Godfather, but if you get it for a trip back in time complete with lush costumes and thrilling swordplay, this is a great ride!
The Last Samurai is a showcase for Tom Cruise and he does a credible job of portraying Civil War veteran Nathan Algren who is haunted by his role in the slaughter of native Americans at the Battle of Little Big Horn.  He is hired to train the &quot;modern&quot; Japanese army in defense of Samurai warriors who persist in rebelling against modernization of the Japanese culture.  Cruise warns that his troops are not ready for battle and his prediction proves to be correct when he is defeated and captured.  He learns to respect the Samurai as he lives among them and learns their ways.  They return him to his people, but he begins to see that nobility lies with the Samurai and not with those who are trying to modernize Japan.  It is all quite simplistic and the characters are pretty much stereotyped.  There are lots of battle scenes, but never does this movie touch the emotions of the viewer.  There are tears shed, but they are all shed by the actors and not the viewers.  This is an epic film which fails to be a great one.
A movie with production value like The Last Samurai will never go unnoticed. Especially when it boasts some of the most recognizable names in Hollywood. But whether the movie holds good on its own or not is an altogether different issue.That job is left to us, the viewers. And The Last Samurai, albeit with some reservation, does manage to stand on its own against the likes of Dances With Wolves and Glory.<p>The Story:<br />  The Last Samurai is about the cultural and industrial revolution Japan goes through in the late 19th century, forcing some of its most ancient institutions to crumble under the onslaught of western modernization. Meiji (Schichinosuke Nakamura), the young but rather hasty Emperor of Japan is determined to see his country stand against other industrialized nations and believes this can only happen by forgoeing the traditions that Japan held dear for nearly 2000 yrs.<br />  The first to be sidelined is the very force that was created by erstwhile Emperors and clan chiefs to protect them and Japan. The warrior swordsmen called Samurai. The Samurai (or 'to serve') is in itself a community that adheres to certain strict moral standards of living which it neither changes nor bends. The Samurai are known for their extraordinary loyalty , honour and fighting skill and there traditional sword, the 'Katana', is considered to be the finest sword in the world. <p> The sudden change in Japan appalls the Samurai, and it is provocation enough to make them turn against there own master. Their leader Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) believes this resistance to be in the service of the Emperor himself; to make him understand how much the Samurai sacrificed for him and his like and for what values it stands for. However the Emperor, influenced by his coterie of corrupt officials, is unrelenting. He needs a credible force to defeat the Samurai once and for all.<br />In comes the American connection...<p> To support and aid the modernization of the Japanese Army, Captain Nathan Algren(Tom Cruise), a guilt-ridden, alcoholic Civil War veteran is recruited by his<br />his cold, ruthless and remorseless superior Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwyn). Landing in Japan only to find himself leading an untrained battalion of 'conscript' farmers with guns, the first battle with the enigmatic Samurai ends in total disaster, with Algren being the only man left behind. Injured and semi-conscious, Algren is held captive by the Samurai until he is fully healed. It is during this period that Algren slowly comes to respect his enemy and learns their way of life. And the community in return learns to admire his transformation.<br />Slowly but surely, Algren understands the plight of the Samurai and joins their cause, culminating in an epic battle between modernity and honour. Swordsman vs Rifleman. The Archer vs Howitzers.<p>The movie:<br />There is no doubt the real strength of the movie lies in lack of any flashy effects. Zwick does well to cover even the final battle in the classic war mold without relying too much on the numbers as against realism. The settings are lavish and completely authentic. The costume design is flawless. Though the movie's story does not do justice to the factual events of Japan's history, it is nonetheless interesting. The cinematography is beautiful and the music by Hans Zimmer is exemplary, wonderfully theme oriented. The overall production value will no doubt, keep this movie in the limelight for quite a few years to come.<p>The cast:<br />This movie was supposed to showcase Cruise's acting talent,but it ended up being a Japanese delight. Ken Watanabe should have won the Supporting Actor Award (I'm not taking anything away from Tim Robbins though). He was really compelling, dignified and totally original. Shin Koyamada (Nobutada), Sosuke Ikematsu (Higen) as his sons are superb. However the real star of the movie is the newcomer Koyuki(Taka) as the sister of Katsumoto. She brings a rare and beautiful screen presence to the movie, not to mention her silent but wonderfully conveyed feelings towards Algren. And she is downright beautiful. The rest of the cast including Timothy Spall(Simon Graham), Tony Goldwyn(Col.Bagley), Emperor(Nakamura)and Masato Harado(Omura) does its job commendably.<p>The downside:<p>If ever there was any reason for this movie to be a disappointment (which it commercially was, as far as epics go), it would have to be the main protagonist himself. Though Tom Cruise is a great actor, here he is steriotypical and unconvincing.Totally predictable. Part,if not most of this fault lies with director Edward Zwick too. Zwick never really showed how Algren changes when held captive by the Samurai, the most important period of the movie. Not only that, the ending was totally cliched as Algren is left the last man standing (and always an American at that!). Hence the title of the movie becomes even more ambiguous. And this only stifles Cruise's performance and lowers his character from being a champion to a 'has been'. I personally feel Zwick should have invested some more time on Cruise's period of transformation.<br />And oh before I forget,if you have watched Dances with Wolves, you will say that The Last Samurai is a product of pure plaigiarism. And it's true. You just cannot watch this movie without recalling the Dances With Wolves' theme with almost exacting detail. Just the setting is different. On a face-to-face basis, TLS will not beat the true originality of DwW. That is for sure.Unfortuantely the Producer and the Director themselves were resposible for this movie to reach the level of 'a good..'instead of 'a masterpiece...'.<p>Conclusion:<br />Luckily the movie does stand on its own. This has to do with the individual themes in the movie than as a whole. See it for the Samurai. Their way of life and honour is extremely interesting and educative. You would wonder how such a thriving culture was virtually wiped out in less than 10 yrs. The cinematography and music are the movie's other assets. The main battle scene is utterly realistic and in the end, poignant.At over 21/2 hrs, the movie has a laid back feel to it that will ultimately give you your money's worth. Definitely go watch it.
As a Japanese person, I watched this movie with much skepticism. I expected many stereotypes etc.<p>I was pleasantly surprised.<p>I thought it was an intesting twist how it took a &quot;outsider&quot; to convince the young emperor to make the stand he made at the end. Even Katsumoto wasn't able to do that. I think the emperor was reminded of the Samurai Spirit, ironically by a Westerner.<p>The scene near the end, with the new machine guns from America, depicts with new beginning of modern Japan. It was sad to see how easily the Samurai was defeated. 1 by 1 like bowling pins, these greate warriors went down. It's as though they saved the &quot;best&quot; for last. So to me, those machine guns symbolized the modernization.<p>I thought Katsumoto's character was great but thought Cruise's character was needed to complete the story.<p>The &quot;Seppuku&quot;, or suicide, is not an act of cowardice. It is an act of honor. It was considered the honorable way to die. It depicts the deepest dedication of the Samurai. You see this in the modern world today. Maybe not to this type of extreme. Sacrifice oneself for the love of country isn't so far fetched an idea.<p>I think this world could use a little bid of that code of honor...
What a wonderful movie! In the same tradition as Dances With Wolves and Braveheart, this historical epic really showed me a world of amazing bravery and a beautiful culture that has found itself dying out.<p>The story is a classic hero's journey of a man haunted by deeds of his past, who finds unexpected redemption through his involvement with a people whom he at first sets out to destroy. Nathan Algren leaves behind his nightmares of his time spent in the American west to take a position in Japan, training the new Imperial Army to fight the ancient samurai who are rebelling against the government's efforts to modernize. Taken prisoner by the samurai leader, Katsumoto, he develops a bond with the great warrior and a respect and love for both the Japanese people and the samurai way of life. Adopting their ways as his own, eventually he finds a way to forgive himself for the atrocities he'd committed in his past and to find the honor he feels he doesn't deserve.<p>The settings in the movie are beautiful, depicting a bucolic and serene Japanese countryside steeped in mystery and tradition. Yet underneath it all lies the teeming violence inherent in the samurai way of life. Never for once are we allowed to forget that these men are trained warriors. Even in a moment of fun and celebration they are called upon to defend their people against cloaked assassins. <p>I admit that the "Tom Cruise" factor was a bit of a distraction for me. I was never quite able to forget that it was Tom Cruise on the screen, and perhaps if the movie had starred an actor with a lesser well-known resume, I might have been able to lose myself more in the mind of the hero. Still, Mr. Cruise did a wonderful job of showing the inner demons of Nathan Algren and the subsequent transformation that took him from a disillusioned Civil War hero to an honorary samurai warrior willing to lay down his life for a people and a way of life not his own but still worth saving.<p>I also loved Ken Watanabe, who demonstrated the quiet strength, wisdom and bravery that would have made his character, Katsumoto, a legend among both samurai and the Japanese people.<p>The only complaint I have is that I would have loved to see the relationship between Nathan and his caretaker, the beautiful Koyuki as Taka, developed. As it was, the love that grew between these two was shown in long gazes and even, eventually, an almost chaste kiss and a few lingering touches. Perhaps it is simply the romantic in me that would have loved to have seen more.<p>For a great story, this movie really fits the bill. Action, intrigue, a tortured hero and a subtle love story - between an American and the samurai culture - are all blended together to make for a wonderful experience.
Tom Cruise is a famous actor worldwide. Most of you have seen his work in various films, such as A Few Good Men or Jerry Maguire. However, Tom is back in a new movie, which takes the audience back into an era of the past - one that surrounds us in the days of the Civil War. Tom Cruise portrays a man named Nathan Algren, who is a hero during the Civil War, but is disillusioned of the terrible killings he had to perform under the leadership of Colonel Bagloney against the American Indians. He is hired, by the Japanese Emperor, to take down another rebellion by leading a army of Japanese peasants that never saw a gun in their life. Even though he trains them for a time, the rebels attack and Algren is ordered to track them down and defeat the adversary, despite the fact that more training is needed. <p>Fighting somewhere in the forests of Japan, his army is easily defeated and the rebels capture him and take him back to their village. Becoming a captive and not having a chance to escape, due to the fact that winter's coming, Algren spends his time with these people, already inspired and intrigued. He comes to learn that these people are "Samurai", who serve the Emperor and follow life through a different path and a set of principles that keep their life in balance, using such values as loyalty, duty, and compassion, just to name a few. Only one problem remains - Japan is facing a new modernized world and is seeking to keep up with the times by throwing away the traditions of old in favor of a more-friendly government. The rebellion, lead by a samurai named Katsumoto (portrayed by Ken Watanbe), despies that idea and fight back in order to keep their sacred ways alive. Gaining his sense of honor and redemption back, Algren joins the Samurai and aids them in a fierce battle that decides Japan's history for the rest of time. <p>The movie does have its dose of action scenes and story moments, but what really make this movie unique are its philosophical moments. The Samurai, as you know, are people that follow the way of the Bushido, the traditional code of the Japanese samurai, stressing honor, self-discipline, bravery, and simple living. It's the type of values that most people wish to live by, but the Samurai go far beyond that. If they are defeated in battle, then it means that they have dishonored themselves and their clan, thus will kill them for disgracing their families and those close to him or her. It's a tough life, to be sure, but it's the principles of their life that stands out. Tom Cruise said it best about the Samurai: "They are an intriguing people. From the moment they wake, they devote themselves to the perfection of whatever they pursue. I have never seen such strong discipline."<p>In order for the movie to display any realism, the movie was shot around various locations in Japan, from a temple located in Kyoto to a small Japanese town called Himeji. Not only the locations needed to be authentic, but also so did everything else, as this movie took place in two different worlds. Everything had to blend in for the movie a sense of honesty into the whole project. Though there is some historical inconsistencies in the plot, since this is based on a certain era in the past, those can be looked past. <p>The action is wild, but again, had to be realistic. So realistic, in fact, that there was some close calls on the set. Tom Cruise could have died, since an actor's sword nearly beheaded him. That's just one example, but just by checking out the loads of extras on the DVDs, the entire team was committed to the project, making sure that everything went smooth and made the picture look good as a whole. The fighting sequences also add some depth and insight as to how the Japanese and Americans deal with combat, especially in the climatic battle that had both samurai and soldier confronting each other in the end. <p>Overall, The Last Samurai is worth checking out, especially if you are a student of Japanese history or if you're into everything or anything Japanese. It's also some of Tom Cruise's best work by far. Anyone that's a huge fan of Cruise ought to pick up The Last Samurai.
I enjoyed it both times I saw it on the big screen, but for some reason when I bought and watched it tonight it seemed so much better than the previous viewings. The love story is classy and not overdone as in most epics and the acting is wonderful. Tom Cruise delivers his most convincing role to date and this is one of the few parts I actually liked him in (thats saying a lot!). Of course, as mentioned in numerous reviews, Ken Watanabe steals the show as the Samurai leader and should have been awarded the Oscar over Tim Robbins. The action scenes are brutal and hold your interest, (SPOILERS!!!) but I didn't like the fact that Cruise was the only character to survive the final battle. Very unrealistic and is truly the only part that brings the film down a bit. Great cinematography and an excellent soundtrack as well. I must also mention the fact that very little CGI was used in this film and that just makes the battles and actual locations that much more believable. Don't waste money renting a movie you'll want to buy the next day. Add it to your collection to watch again and again!
Okay! Okay! It's not Kurosawa! It's not some fantastic hard to locate Samurai classic! It's not worth taking your hand out of your laps and getting out of your mom's basement long enough to go and purchase it!!! However, Mr. or Mrs. Purist, it certainly serves as a decent introduction into the Samurai film genre!!! Before I go any further, here's the lowdown:<br /><br />Story- It really is "Dances with Wolves" with Samurai! Admittedly, it also reeked (in essence) of Mel Gibson's "Braveheart" and "The Patriot"!! Shogun lite??!! Nevertheless, it still was a good film despite a lack of originality and the usual "clich&eacute;'s" of honor, loyalty, integrity and love. Noticed that I said that it was a GOOD film Mr. and Mrs. Purists, not a great one!!! Its good family fare and I hope will provoke interest in some of the other Samurai films (which usually are poor family fare). In all fairness, it should be stated that the purists are right in the fact that it's not exactly historically accurate and a little more research and a better script would have helped out a lot! <p>One issue I would like to address is this racist notion that a "white guy" running around playing Samurai is a "bad" thing. Admittedly, it's not exactly historically kosher but it isn't necessarily a horrible thing. Nevertheless, playing pin the label on the "white guy" isn't exactly kosher either! <p>Action- The action sequences are tightly and neatly done. The Samurai fan in me wanted more!!!  I would point out that I did think it a little over the top for Tom Cruise's character to become such a astoundingly formidable Samurai in such a short period of time! It did kind of remind me of the old Tom &amp; Jerry cartoon skits where Tom learns how to "Play the piano in three easy lessons!" and just after hitting three keys he then rips into Chopin!!! Despite this, the fights were still entertaining, just far and few between! Parents should be warned that there is some blood involved but not on the level of "Barveheart".<p>Acting- This is where the good and the bad comes in. The good was the attractive performance Wantanabe gives. He appears to be enjoying the role and that is always infectious! Hey, Hollywood! Here's the guy for an updated version of "Shogun"! Then, there is Tom. Tom! Tom! Tom! It's not that he's bad in this, he really is not. However, he really didn't fit the role. Most folks won't care and that's not a bad thing but Tom is certainly not Samurai! I couldn't say who would be but I know for certain that it isn't him! The problem really lies at the feet of his celebrity. He's just too well known. Every time he stepped into a scene, his being TOM CRUISE detracted from the moment and his decent performance. I would have to say that a more gruffly someone (the beard didn't sell Tom!) of less renown or an up and comer would have benefited the role a little better. This would have also placed more visual emphasis on a scene as a whole and prevented any celebrity distraction. Yes, Tom! You CAN be too popular for a film's good!!!! Nice try though! <p>The other actors gave us fine to solid performances but I'm sure that plenty of other Samurai lovin' "Amazonians" will try and learn us different. <p>DVD Quality- Issssss goooood!!! Why on earth anyone would want the full-screen version of such a film is totally beyond me??!!!! Death to full screen!!! Trust me; it's for your own good!! <p>Extras- The extras are fairly generous. I know that there will be those who will have demanded more but what more could they really want? I never quite understood the desire in demanding that every film have 4-6 hours of extras. I guess these folks have too much time on their hand (I know what I said)!! I would like to point out that the Hollywood vs. History was a slight let down. Instead of expert analysis, we got a fairly informative and slightly inaccurate historical overview on Samurai history. It would have been nicer to see a discussion between a panel of dusty old scholars rather than the movie promo we get. The rest of the extras are informative if a little on the short side. <p>In closing, Last Samurai is good but not a masterpiece but then it's not the master-piece of ca-ca as the purists would have you thinking. It not without it's faults but only after one devours a few of the films listed below will one begin to see what those faults are.<p>Next!!- Now then, where to go from here. Obviously, there are plenty of fine Samurai films to watch but not all of them are easy to come by. Here is small but decent list:<p>Older- Difficult to find comes with a *<br />Seven Samurai<br />Yojimbo<br />Sanjuro<br />Samurai 1, 2 and 3<br />Chushingura*<br />Zatoichi (The Japanese T.V. series)<br />Shogun Assassin*<br />Sword of Doom*<br />Tenchu*<br />47 Ronin*<br />Kill! (Kiru)*<br /><br />Newer- Some of these are coming to the theater soon.<br />Azumi<br />Zaotoichi (Darkness is my ally)<br />Zatoichi (Directed by Kitano)<br />Twiglight Samurai<br />Samurai Fiction<p>There are far more but this will get you started. Thanks!!! Pred88
Amazing! The movie really brought out the true beauty of Japanese culture and history, as well as the violence and conflicts. During the movie one just sits there, awed in silence, feeling sadness and tragedy as one witnesses the demise and end of an ancient tradition and lifestyle, bushido (way of the warrior). My older sister, a well-known artist, couldn't stop commenting on the exquisite acting of Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, Hiroyuki Sanada,etc. I recommend this movie to people to have an interest in the Orient and its history and to anyone who enjoys a movie with a touching story, rich in sentiment and that evokes emotion. Bless you all, thank you!
(...)<p>Ken Watanabe is the true last samurai in this film (and was nominated for best actor in a supporting role) All the Japanese warriors in the final battle scene all commit seppuku instead of being captured. Cruise pops up like a drunken soldier.<p>Cruise is as always easy on the eyes but does not convince as a Samurai Warrior.  He's a lover not a warrior...There are also  bits of humor in this film added by Cruise that seems totally out of place.  I love him in every movie but this one is not his best.<p>Also Academy Nominated for Costume Design, Art Direction, and<br />Sound Mixing.  This is no Kurosawa Samurai epic if that's what you're looking for but I sill like the attempt! <p>I totally agree with the Dances with Wolves analogy!
The story is about a man haunted by his past in being part of a massacre of an Indian tribe. He can't sleep quietly since he is punished by nightmares about how he was forced to be and participate in something he clearly saw as wrong but had no other choice. Simply put this character is another poor life destroyed by war.<p>He is hired by the Japanese to train the Imperial Army in the occidental ways at a time a week emperor allows his advisors to forget tradition an import the ways of "more advanced civilizations". In the process, the man gets captured by the samurai and during this captivity he begins not only to learn about their ways and philosophy, but also has peace for the first time in many years. <p>The Costume Design is incredibly accurate and the cinematography is absolutely superb. The music by Hans Zimmer is just beautiful, like another Gladiator epic. This movie is for people who love those little details. The production is really ambitious and works to deliver an astonishing view.<br />This DVD is really promising with features like the "History vs. Hollywood: The Last Samurai History Channel Documentary"<br />If you like this kind of movie where characters find themselves with a simpler but deeper view of life and appreciate a superb production, then this movie is certainly going to give you a very good three hours.
You may think I am joking but Honestly, I enjoyed this movie from start to finish. I have found so many movies so boring of late that I just doze off during the performance.<br />This movie tells a good story with well paced action scenes. Beautifully photographed and with a very nice music score throughout.
Beautifully filmed with a plot that truly touches the heart. The cast chosen were oerfect and the theme was good. No regrets! Wating for the DVD to be released. A sure buy thing. I wanted to go watch it the 3rd time.
I went to see this film in the hopes of seeing some good action and perhaps a bit of engaging plot concerning the history of modern Japan, and I'll admit, I was not disappointed.  Still, I think the fans of Tom Cruise and the modern Hollywood presentation would have seen this as more of an overwhelming hit than I did, as I plunked down for 150 minutes of what was, after all, the fabled silver screen that had so entertained me as a kid in the 1970s.  What it looked like, more than anything else, was a new entry in the style of shoot-em-up (or slice-em-up) Western movies, as indeed the time setting would make it, at 1876 - 1877.  Cpt. Algren, late of Custer's fame in the post-bellum Indian campaigns, is off to assist the nascently forward-looking empire of Japan, who seems to be having its own trouble with stubborn indigenous folk.  In taking a newly-formed conscript army to the field against the nobly-savage Samurai (are these the same "Samurai" I remember there being seven of?), he comes face-to-face with who they really are, under the care of the gracious Taka (Koyuki), who bids him to carry on the tradition of her family's honor, using his "mind".  Don't worry, the "mushy" parts aren't all that frequent, as in the typical John Wayne or James Stewart classic, so the younger boys won't have to keep their eyes shut long.  I was indeed struck by the immense quality of the cinematography, on what appeared to be a 2.35:1 aspect screen, and the action buffs will be thrilled by all of the assorted combat, both hand-to-hand and (one-sidedly) firearms-related.  Students of Japanese will approve of the dialogue (including by Cruise) in that language, though I had to keep my glasses fully on to read the subtitles.  My overall effect, upon walking back into reality, 127 years later, was one of feeling good.  This is what we earn our entertainment dollars (or Euros, Yen) to buy, and it was well worth it.  This is pretty much what we expect from American cinema, and thus, they've made it.
The place - Japan.  The time - the late 1800s.  Japan is on the way to modernization, but not all approve.  Samurai find that their time-honored code of bushido and beliefs to be hopelessly out of synch with Japanese society and favor with the emperor.  Into this clash of old versus new comes Tom Cruise as a burnt-out soldier who hopes to find meaning to his life.  At first a captive, he comes to understand, respect, and eventually side with the samurai in their noble but futile struggle against what must be.<p>An excellent film for afficinados of Japanese culture, martial arts, and those who desire their action films to have three dimensions.
The last samurai is one of my favorite movies.  Im pretty sure many would agree with me there.  The performances in this film are spectacular and it has a very entertaining story.<br />Unfortunately, this blu-ray does not do the film justice.  It's just a good blu-ray when it really could have been great.  The way this movie was shot was just beautiful and the blu ray does not take advantage of it very well.  I felt like this was just a slight improvement over the dvd release.<br />The audio fares a little better but still misses opportunities especially during the battle sequences.  For example, when cannons fire it isn't powerful at all.<br />Fortunately, there are a ton of really good extras on the disc.  They are interesting to watch if you want to know more about how the movie was made.<br />If you are looking to get the last samurai this is definitely the version to get.  It just doesn't fully take advantage of the power of blu-ray.
Last Samurai is one of my all time favorite movies. It's often compared with "Dances With Wolves" set in Japan, and indeed the plots are somewhat similar: Damaged American soldier livea among natives / foreingers, learns to embrace their way of life and stands up for their survival in battle. But that's where the similarities end. Of the two movies (both regarded as classics) I personally think Last Samurai is the vastly superior film.<br /><br />While it has been billed as an "action" film or a "historical drama" (both which accurately help describe the movie), The Last Samurai is first and foremost an Epic romance. Not to be mistaken as a romantic love story, the Epic romance is much larger in scope- a simple tale that beneath the surface is actually incredibly "deep."<br /><br />First and foremost, the movie is a romance of ideals: friendship, honor, self discovery and self forgiveness, fighting for what you believe in, redemption...<br /><br />Detractors often argue the movie portrays capitalists and men of progress (such as Colonel Bagley and Omura) as villians who have no redeeming qualities. That is innacurate: YES, some characters who represent modernizaton are portayed as greedy and self serving (such as Omura); however, other modernists aren't villianized at all- General Hasegawa, the former samurai now fighting FOR the advancement of Japan, is certainly no villian- yet he is definitely modernist. The young nameless recruit who orders the machine guns to be fired at the end of the film is also not villianous. Even Tony Goldwin's Colonel Bagley isn't a greedy bastard like Omura- he truly believes that bringing American power to the less civilized nations of the world is the right thing to do. Today we might call such a person ignorant or prejudice, but back in the late 1800's when American globalization was still in its infancy, it was common for people to think the way Colonel Bagley did.<br /><br />The true villian in The Last Samurai is fear. Fear of stepping into the unknown- accepting and embracing the necessity of progress at the expense and abondonment of traditions held sacred and true; the fear in the millions of voiceless individuals who struggle and fall through the cracks of increasingly changing times; the fear of the individual man who has fallen so far from grace that he believes he is damned, beyond redemption and unable to find salvation.<br /><br />The true hero in the Last Samurai is the antithesis of fear, the romanticized ideals of hope, friendship, honor, self discovery and self forgiveness, fighting for what you believe in and redemption.<br /><br />Last Samurai covers a lot of ground in its 2 1/2 hour run time. The acting is amazing, the cinematography breathtaking, and the musical score beautiful. The movie is filled with individual scenes of incredible power that rank among the greatest ever put on film: for example, the scene where Taka dresses Algren for battle is an example of cinematic PERFECTION- not a word spoken, yet so much emotion conveyed. Or the ambiguity of Algren's fate at the very end of the movie , and whether or not the final scene of him returning to the village was real or just a figment of Simon Graham's (the narrator) imagination.<br /><br />Like any movie, The Last Samurai is going to have its detractors. It is also a film of immense power and beauty that I can watch any time. An all time favorite.
This movie is a thing of beauty, with the substance to match its style. A stunning spectacle of cultural violence and a loving tribute to the great Japanese samurai.
The Last Samurai: 8 out of 10: I admit I greeted this movie with low expectations. The idea of Tom Cruise as the last Samurai was laughable. The movie completely suspended this disbelief right until the horribly awful last scene. Tom Cruise plays a drunken Civil War hero who hired by the Japanese government to modernize their army is captured by the Samurai rebels and falls in love with their doomed way of life.<br /><br />And what a life. Every shot of the Samurai village is postcard perfect almost to the point of unintended parody. Like Robert Redford's take on Montana in "Legends of the Fall", every view is spectacular, every sunset is orange, every leaf is colorful and falls just so and all the characters are freshly scrubbed and dressed in their Sunday best. You wouldn't be half surprised to see Hobbits pop out at any moment. Of course the old time Samurai are romanticized to the nth degree. Historically the Samurai at this point resembled Afghan warlords resisting a long overdue central government rather than the honorable colorfully armored knights that are depicted. (Samurai no more wore armor in the late 18th century than the British army did.)<br /><br />Yet the picture despite one or two faults works. The acting, with one exception is uniformly excellent. The battle scenes are plentiful and full of surprise and the pacing is good. On the dark side newcomer Nakamura Shichinosuke plays the Japanese emperor like he was channeling Michael Jackson. The voice and mannerisms of the gloved one is as out of place for a Japanese emperor than it would be for the Pope. His strangely self effacing dialogue doesn't help his cause, yet it truly is his performance that is cringe worthy. In addition the last scene is an awful Hollywood copout. I still recommend The Last Samurai highly however as a thinking mans action movie.
I was very impressed with this movie. More so for the costuming and scenery than the acting. Although the characters were very good and the actors chosen to play the roles did fine jobs. As a semi-historical film, it glossed over many of the international politics that affected Japan in that era. But it did a fine job of depicting one result of those politics. Samurai of the "old school" saw their way of life slipping away, and being replaced by a style of warfare they felt was dishonorable. They also feared more foreign intervention in the coming years, and saw a gradual eroding of their Emporer's power.<br /><br />This is one of the few Tom Cruise movies that I felt he didn't try to carry the whole film. It achieved a fairly good balance of allowing the characters to all enjoy an importance in the film that made it more informative and enjoyable to watch.<br /><br />I was impressed with this film, and highly recommend it.
Tom Cruise plays the role of Captain Nathan Algren, an American soldier who has become disillusioned with his life (he starts to regret the fact that the only thing he is good at seems to be killing). He reluctantly accepts a position to train an army of Japanese transcripts to use Western fighting techniques to combat the Samurai. He is ultimately captured by the Samurai, who need him as a source of information about their enemy.<p>As a captive of the Samurai, Nathan learns the ways of the Samurai and their people, and eventually learns to respect their philosophy about honor and service.
I'm really not one to write movie reviews, I enjoy them for what they are and don't usually care enough to actually publish something about them.  However, for this film I will make an exception.<br /><br />First off, gorgeous scenary.  There is a scene with Tom Cruise practicing a sword kata with the sun setting in the background ... it's beautiful.  There are many wonderful scenes in the movie.<br /><br />Secondly, the plot is about transformation and self forgiveness.  I don't care if it's been "done before", this is a common archetype in all cultures and times and it is well portrayed through this film.  I find it well done, quite emotionally gripping at times.<br /><br />The action in this film is great, Star Wars eat your heart out.  I grew up in a traditional martial art family, and Tom Cruise did a very solid job with the sword play in this movie.  The star wars films drove me nuts, but maybe you don't need proper body mechanics when you have "the force".  Anyways, good work in the martial arena as well in this film.<br /><br />Finally, I saw this film three times in theatres and everytime people cried.  Seriously.  Everytime the end came around at least one person both men & women cried.<br /><br />Very well done film.
The Last Samurai is a great movie, good story, very entertaining.  I'd recommend seeing this movie as soon as it comes out on DVD if you haven't seen it yet.<p>This movie is not a study in phenomenology and existential philosophy, but a good movie that made tears come to my eyes and that doesn't happen too often.<p>I thought this movie was better than the Lord of the Rings, though I'd guess that that comes from actually reading the books.
I've been a fan of Ken Watanabe for long time. And, my grand-grand-grand father was a samurai lord of a tiny land in the northern Japan. So I was looking forward to see the movie and was dissapointed very much.<br /><br />First, amateurish battle scenes.<br /><br />When I heard Katsumoto's model was Takamori Saigo, I expected 60,000 samurai swarming along the mountain ridge or several  castles filled with cannons and guns, and a series of cunning battle tactics in Sun Tzu style - that was what happened in Saigo's last battle. Very suitable to a Hollywood spectacular.<br /><br />If Katsumoto was a commoner who imagined himself being a samurai like a Don Quixote, or a poor samurai without education in very far rural village, the story would be acceptable. But a trusted advisor of the emperor? No joke.<br /><br />Second, failures of exploiting full beauty in samurai culture.<br /><br />Usually, Ken Watanabe uses kimono very wisely to play a noble samurai role with a very elegant and dangerous atmosphere. In the TV series "Zankuro", Ken's role was an executioner and looked like a butterfly in fire. But in this movie, he couldn't show his talent because of very unnatural costume. He had to be in a 13th-century-style armor always (how foolish and tactless to fight in this muggy land). If the costume had been more realistic, the character of Katsumoto would be more complicated, sophisticated and attractive.<br /><br />In addition, the most profound scene was nearly ignored. It was the fan dance by Hiroyuki Sanada before the last battle. This traditional dance is an essence of Bushido. They performed it only when the death was unevitable in the coming battle, to express their unshakable faith. I don't understand why the scene ended in a blink.<br /><br />Finally, I'd like to add the plus side. The sets of old Yokohama city was excellent. Even Japanese movie staff cannot create them so accurately and beautifully.<br /><br />In this movie, Hollywood proved they had capability to create a historical epic set in Japan.  I hope they wouldn't underestimate our history and culture any longer, and would show us a more breathtaking spectacular in the next movie.<br /><br />Well, I believe they can.
I'm actually surprised how anyone can bash this film, although when I came to this review section I quickly understood why. The bashers: one, someone who hates Samurai, and knows obviously NOTHING of Bushido! While the other who loves the term Gaikokujin, which is akin to foreigner for the none-Japanese literate, apparently this "reviewer" is upset and angry with his own bad luck with asian women and so decides to rant furiously against a great film. It's not a "cliched notion" as he calls it. Captain Nathan Algren not only nearly saved her life, but is symbolic to the Zen Way. He killed her husband, and symbolically takes his place as a way of keeping his honour and as a message of karma in the film.<p>Now, with those two mixed up reviewers tossed out of the mix, I wish to present to you an objective opinion.<p>The movie was great. I loved it. My favorite film ever, and I can saw that is alot coming from me, as I am a very cultured viewer. That is not to say you might not like it, as much of the film is in Japanese, and you would need to be open-minded to embrace it as I have. I personally, went in skeptically. I don't particularly like Tom Cruise's last performances. In specific, Mission Impossible 2, and all the other movies where it focuses solely on him. It's different in this movie. Tom Cruise contains his ego, and gives other people surprisingly proportionate roles. He was a hardened battle veteran, but still the movie shows that it was not his skill, as another reviewer whined about, that was great, but his perserverance. <p>I don't want to spoil the movie, so go watch it! It's my personal favorite ever, "and that's saying a lot" *quoting Samwise Gamgee* I loved Two Towers, watched it 3 days in a row before going to see this, and still this one tops it off. Purely magnificent. A work of art.
This film is a must see!!!  Tom reaches deep down for the emotions expressed in this film.  You feel every ounce of his anguish and regret for the terrible things he's done in his war days. I agree with the critics (something I rearely do...) when they say this film is of epic porportions.....  This film moved me very deeply, but it also had a touch of humor here and there..just enough. I can't wait until it's released so I can see it again!!!!
I have loved this movie since it was first released and have the original DVD release which I have watched several times.  Most all the reviews I see here are either for the Standard DVD and focus on the great story line and acting but not the quality of the DVD itself.  Yes, Tom Cruse does shows some wonderful acting chops and, yes, Ken Watanabe steals the show but let's move on.  So this one will focus on the Blu-ray DVD's quality.<br /><br /> Bought the Blu-ray version from Amazon and it was delivered post haste.  When I first looked at the back cover information I was disappointed that the audio was Dolby Digital 5.1 rather than a lossless DTSHD 5.1, almost thought of returning it before even watching but am glad I kept it.  The video quality of the movie is fairly pristine with no artifacting, good details in the shadows and a sparkling clear transfer.  While the audio quality is not the higher end DTSHD, never the less, the audio engineers did a fine job with the front and rear surrounds used subtly for action( actually, during the battle scenes, the rears deserved more discreet use of the rear channels) however, during the rainy scenes, of which there are many, the audio is evenly spread to all channels enveloping you in the rainstorm.<br /><br />The many extras on the single disc are from the 2004 standard release and there are only 2 deleted scenes that, to me, could have been included in an extended version.  I wish more extended deleted scenes had been included.  The supplied extras were all interesting and, as I said before, had seen them on the original release so nothing new on that front.<br /><br />Should you buy this on Blu-ray?  Yes, the video quality is definitely superior, however, not by that much.  The original release was pretty darn good. However, if you don't already have the Standard version, go for the Blu Ray.  I remain disappointed with the lossy audio but it still provides an excellent film.<br />Hopefully, this review has been of help and, if so, please check the 'Helpful' button so I know I am on the correct path with my reviews for you. Thanks.
This is a pretty enjoyable movie with a good amount of Japanese history in it. It's not entirely accurate, but it is still a good film nonetheless, and Tom Cruise does a good job in his role. The setting of Japan is also done well as well as its Westernization as Japanese citizens either embrace it or fight against it. Overall a good historical film.
This movie is one of my favorites very entertaining. I wanted a personal copy so that I could turn on the subtitles and be able to follow along during the Japanese dialog.
This movie is amazing.  I have it on DVD, but the Blue-Ray is so much better.  All the action scenes look so real, almost like you are there.  Highly recommend.
The Last Samurai is an outstanding film that tells the fictional story of Captain Nathan Algren (Cruise), a soldier haunted by regrets hired to train raw Japanese recruits to fight the Samurai, and Samurai leader Katsumoto (Watanabe), who is leading a rebellion in Japan against those who he believes are westernizing the country too quickly. Algren ends up becoming a prisoner of the Samurai, but after spending a number of months as their captive, subsequently finds peace in their way of life. Eventually, he joins forces with the men he was hired to fight against.<br /><br />Not only is the plot interesting and original, but the performances of the actors are nothing short of amazing. Tom Cruise puts forth an outstanding effort, which I consider his best ever. Ken Watanabe is perfect as Katsumoto, commanding even more attention than Cruise, and all of the secondary characters are equally convincing in their roles. Some of the highlights include Koyuki as Taka, Hiroyuki Sanada as Ujio, and Timothy Spall as Simon Graham.<br /><br />The execution of the battle scenes was excellent. This can be attributed to a cast full of professional sword-fighters as extras and Cruise and Watanabe doing all their own stunts. As seen in the extras, the progression of Cruise's skills with a sword isn't staged, either. Sanada and others spent hours working with him every day until he could handle a blade with precision.<br /><br />Having seen this film a dozen times, I can also say I honestly am not able to find many mistakes in the filming and editing, either. The ones I have noticed are hidden well, and none of them take away from the film in any way. There are a few lines in the script that come across as slightly bland or predictable, but overall the script is very well written. Tom Cruise actually speaks Japanese in a handful of scenes, and he does it well.<br /><br />What really makes the movie, on top of everything else, is the beautiful score composed by Hans Zimmer. Though he often recycles his scores and changes them very little, this one is unique and powerful.<br /><br />The Last Samurai's historical accuracy isn't as poor as some reviewers would suggest, but it is a work of fiction. On the special edition of this DVD, 2 deleted scenes are included, along with "the filming of" one of the scenes, and "the filming of" the Cruise beheading scene. There is also a handful of interviews and a look at the real history of the decline of the Samurai in Japan.<br /><br />All in all, The Last Samurai is an extremely entertaining and convincing film. The special edition of this DVD is well worth the extra few dollars, and it has become one of my all time favorite movies.
When I watch a movie that I enjoy, I'll watch it many times with months in between to allow it to breath. If I can find more depth and meaning each time, I consider it more than just a film, it becomes a teaching about life. Such is my finding for this exceptional movie. It offers up a wide variety of important, even vital, lessons of life portrayed to perfection by everyone involved. The writing, directing, acting, locations, depth of meaning are all most excellent! In today's world we often race by the more subtle and beautiful aspects of life. A movie such as this calls forth pause and consideration of what is being served up for our enlightenment as well as our enrichment. The Last Samurai is about the redemption of humanity as well as the individual- the awakening to a deeper level of life, honor, purpose, self sacrifice, and pure, love. While watching this film for perhaps the 7th time, I fully realized that it is a true masterpiece. I suggest to the viewer, that they treat this film as one would a rare and fine wine. The point is to take your time with this film, sipping it slowly and savoring every drop of it's wonderful bouquet of thoughts and emotions, and in the end become enriched by an understanding what films have the potential of delivering and sadly also, what they seldom do and that is a fuller appreciation of "life in every breath."
This movie succeeds in its primary objective: it entertains.  There is a solid story here that engages the viewer, moves at a smart pace, and never drags.  Nor is this a shallow shoot-'em-up.  There is a fascinating overarching theme here: the transformation of Japan into a modern, industrial nation and the fact that elements of Japanese society, i.e. the Samurai, will not easily fit into the new order of things.<br /><br />While this film has historical inaccuracies, it is a fact that there were revolts against the Meiji Restoration, which is what this film is about.  The Japanese are portrayed respectfully, and I think accurately, in this film.  The sets and scenery, by the way, in this film are about as good as you will ever find in any movie, and this one rewards the viewer who either sees it in a theater or on a first-class flat-screen TV (as I did.)<br /><br />Tom Cruise does a pretty good job in this film, and he has plainly matured as an actor over the years.  In my opinion, however, Ken Wantanabe, as the main Japanese protagonist, dominates every scene he was in, leaving the viewer wishing for more.  I have noticed this about Cruise (and other big-star) films--the director seems compelled to place Cruise in almost every scene.  Nothing against Cruise, but a little less would have been more, because the Japanese cast was engaging and competent, and I would have liked to have seen more of them.<br /><br />Overall an excellent film to which the viewer will return more than once.  RJB.
I am not here to write about the movie... it's a good flick and worth owning.  However, the blu ray version would not play on my BD30K machine with the latest updates.<br /><br />Not sure if it's the anti-copy protection or the poor implementation of blu ray from Sony.  Either way I can't watch it.
I had no interest in seeing THE LAST SAMURAI when it was in theaters.  Then recently I caught a portion of the movie on a cable channel and knew immediately I had to have the DVD.  Since I got it, I have watched it 3 or 4 times.  I am totally in awe of the acting performances in THE LAST SAMURAI.  While I have never been a Tom Cruise fan (the publicity about him does not sway me one way or the other), this movie has given me a great appreciation of his talent.  It made me also realize what a tremendous amount of preparation work and physical training it takes for an actor to develop the skills for his roll.  Other performances in the movie were exceptional, especially that of Ken Watanabe.  If you have never seen THE LAST SAMURAI, don't have a clue what it is all about, or don't think its subject matter would interest you, take a chance.  If you don't want to buy it (the price is right), rent it.  After you have seen it, you will want to own it.  Don't like Tom Cruise?  Don't let that stop you.  My husband doesn't like him, yet he loved this movie.  His remark:  "Tom Cruise must be a really good actor, because I don't like him, and yet I really liked the person he played."  Don't miss this one!
My favorite element of this movie is Tom Cruise as modern man finding Solace in the ancient ways of Japan.  It is a powerful analogy which explores what it means to be succesful in society and what it means to be a modern man.  Something I often wonder about while thinking of my legacy.
I so wanted to hate this film, the whole Hollywood schtick of white people coming in to rescue poor savages sickens me. Therefore I avoided it, every single time it came on cable I would change the channel scoffing at its very existence. Then with a bout of insomnia I stayed up late and caught the first half...I was hooked there after. I enjoyed the development of the relationship between Mr Cruise and Mr Watanabe's characters and by far Mr Watanabe was the better actor, a shame that his skill was not recognized. It is a story of growth and acceptance in the face of overwhelming odds. I found myself moved, although there were strains of "Dancing with Wolves" I was intrigued enough by the story to overlook it.
This epic film has to be one of Tom Cruise's best efforts. The story is not about war, instead it is about the culture, spirit and way of the Samurai. It was such a disappointment that this film did not get the recognition it deserved. Ken Watanabe's performance was simply outstanding. Tom Cruise put his heart and soul into this film. He is such a powerful actor!
There's something about Zen and Samurai that I enjoy.<br /><br />Oh yeah! They kick butt in this movie!<br /><br />Tom Cruise is a very crappy actor these days but I think this has been his best performance in a long time. He plays a Union soldier who slaughtered Native Americans and has flashbacks of the war with the Indians.<br /><br />Well, he's asked to go to Japan and help train Japnese soldiers to erase their history of the Samurai, and in again Tom Cruise is faced with the same situation as the weak Japanese military he's helping to create has a mission to wipe the Samurai at the request of the emperor.<br /><br />The story is simple.<br /><br />Tom Cruise goes to battle with the soldiers he has trained who haven't had really much training, kills a Samurai in battle, gets captured, is held hostage, and his captors treat him as a guest in their village. He is nursed back to health after a battle wound by the family of the man he killed and he goes through several flashbacks of the battles with Native Americans he seems to wonder if it was the right thing or not. He conquers his alcohol addiction and learns the way of the Samurai warrior.<br /><br />This tale is very touching because of the Zen way of life the Samurai have. He killed one of their own, and then is accepted as one of them and fights along side of them to prove themselves worthy of their honor.<br /><br />I still can't believe it was Tom Cruise in this movie, if only he could do more similar things to The Last Samurai.
Terrific action-packed movie.  No dull moments here.  Tom Cruise plays a misplaced American soldier hired to help transform Japan's feudal military into a modern Western one.  In the process he is captured in battle and exposed to the samurai way of life which he ultimately embraces.  An intriguing look into this arcane culture.  Director Edward Zwick's cinematic direction and Hans Zimmer's scoring makes "The Last Samurai" appealing on so many different levels.  But it's Ken Watanabe's razor-sharp performance and Koyuki's stunning elegance that steal the show.  A definite 5-star entertainment film.
Don&#8217;t have to say much here. This is an action film in the no-tongue-in-check, classic sense, of films like &#8220;In the Line of Fire,&#8221; &#8220;Rob Roy,&#8221; and so on, a true action film. Absolutely worth watching and owning. It is one of Cruise&#8217;s best performances. I just wish there were more films like this. Empowering.<br /><br />-- Michael Erlewine, Founder of the All-Movie Guide (allmovie.com)
I have never been a Tom Cruise fan.....until now! The Last Samurai is one of the best movies I have ever seen and it is by far Tom Cruise's best role. Also adding to the film's greatness is the performance by KEN WATANABE as Katsumoto.  He is an incredible actor!!!<br /><br />To put it simply.....you do not want this film to end.  It is one that you will want to watch over and over again.
Of late, I have found a lot of Cruise movies to be little more than crap on a stick. And when I saw the commercials when this movie came out in the movies, I couldnt help but laugh. However after reading a bunch of good reviews, I decided to go see it. I was honestly blown away. It is a solid epic movie, which can drawn comparison to the blockbuster Gladiator (another of my favorites).<br /><br /> This is a movie based solely around the notion of ideals. And the unique storytelling is what makes it an epic-type. Of course there is the great battle and everything that leads up to it will either make you love the movie or just utterly hate it. But what i found best served the movie was the fact that it didnt try to add any torrid romance to it. Thank goodness Zwick understood that making a movie about the morals of the Samurai and adding a couple extra sex scenes wouldnt work.<br /><br /> Basically, if you like &quot;epic&quot; movies like Gladiator, this is a great movie for you to watch.
This is a movie that is great and which exceeds beyond movie limits. It has action, a great plot, and great actors. 10 stars for this movie!
Now this is what I like.Courage...Honor...respect...Fighting for a cause not just some measly paycheck that is not worth the soul it is printed on. Real values. It is ashame that Honor is not taken more seriously by anyone other than old Japanese warriors. Because It is the only thing that defines a man, not his purse.
This movie, was incredible, simply put.  Such a mix of romance and honor, all beautifully blended together.  Tom Cruise does a WONDERFUL job in this film, playing a troubled man who took part in killing innocent indian tribes, who takes a job in Japan training japanese soldiers who would be trained to supress rebel forces led by Samurai Katsumoto, who believed that Japan was progressing into modern culturization too fast, and resisted political advisors that were urging the Emperor to do just that, become more western, and modern.  Katsumoto's tribe of Samurai defeat the  unit led by Capt Algren (Cruise) and capture him.  He is held in captivity with the Samurai, and thrives off the peace that is afforded him there.  He begins dwell in the same way he observes the people do in the village, and learns honor with the help of Katsumoto.  In the battle preceding his capture, Algren kills Samurai Horutoru,  Katsumoto's brother in law, and his caretaker Kata's husband.  During his time in this village, Kata is repulsed by Algren, troubled with the death of her husband.  As cruise learns the ways of these people, and japanese, he gives his formal apology to Kata, who surprises him by replying that he did his duty, and so did her husband, and that the apology was accepted.  As his status as a 'stray dog' is gently brushed aside, he gradually becomes accepted.  When an assassin team of ninja attempt to kill Katsumoto, he refutes his american heritage and helps keep Katsumoto alive.  In the end, as a desperate attempt at saving the village in which Katsumoto's ancestors had worked so hard to build and protecet, Katsumoto and Algren lead an army of Samurai warriors against the rebuilt japanese army.  Witnessing this scene was so sad.  A doomed attempt.  Since Samurai refuse to bear firearms, they were vastly at a disadvantage, against the cannons and the new automatic turrets.  As a final test of honor, the remaining samurai charge the army, only to be vicously mowed down in the heat of battle.  In a final touching moment,  Algren and Katsumoto, wounded, Katsumoto perhaps fatally, contemplate Katsumoto's suicide in honor, only to end in the deed being done and Algren witnessing the utmost peace in death in honor.  He Presents Katsumoto's sword to the emperor,  who realizes that he had been wrong to let his 'advisors' lead him around too much, and that it was wrong to forget his honor.<br />A simply AWE inspiring film, a must see, for anyone.
For a generic-seeming Hollywood blockbuster, The Last Samurai was remarkably true to its subject matter. My main concern walking into it was that the director would confuse the code of the samurai with western ideas about courage and honor, disregarding the more morbid side of the tradition to present some sentimental parable about discovering yourself or being good. In fact, though, the samurai ethos is treated with enough depth, the acting and pacing is excellent, and while there is some sentimental nonsense, it restrains itself more than most films do these days. The final battle is especially impressive - the choreography, the way that deaths of important characters are treated, and some of the images which arouse real pathos.<p>It's still nothing spectacular, though - it never really risks saying anything that hasn't been said before, or presenting some image which hasn't been seen before - but it's probably as good a movie as we could expect to be produced for a mass audience.
I was very impressed by this film. The characters portrayed much emotion and realism. The ending was quite emotional too. This is one of the rare films that the would be bad guys are actually good. I was very touched. The extras on the second disc were pretty good, I liked the history of the film and the era which it takes place. I rented, I saw, I bought. Enough said. MF
While it may not be historically accurate and exact does anyone know of any film created in Hollywood that is?  I mean come on folks, it's Hollywood.  And I love Hollywood because mostly it's all entertaining.  The Last Samurai is entertaining and somewhat historically accurate, but the best thing about this movie to me is the underlying message.  The one about Honor.  Duty.  Bushido and the Samurai way.  If you've ever wondered about the Samurai or heard about them but didn't quite &quot;get it&quot;, watch this movie.  Then you will &quot;get it&quot;.  The mind, the culture, the beauty of the Japanese(Samurai) mind.  I saw this movie the same week that I saw the 3rd Lord of the Rings, and my first comment upon leaving the theater was, &quot;Wow that was 10 times better than the Lord of the Rings&quot;.  For me it was and it is.  Enjoy.
Let me just say that this movie could have so easily been a horrible romance flick.  They could have had trashy love scenes and cheesy personal moments.<p>I believe that they handled the material and relationships between actors WONDERFULLY.<p>Additionally, this movie had quite a few accurate historical moments and weapons.<p>I highly recommend this flick.
As a Japanese living in the United Staes, I can say totally, that this film is amazing. There're some critics says Tom Cruise's acting and so on, however, this film sucessfully depicts the history of Japan, and people's traditional lives and the end of samurai era. <p>This is a spectacular movie with sweeping sword actions and it is based on the true history events in japan, I've seen a lot of samurai movies(made in japan for japanese) but i can say this one is GREAT as the other movies, plus this is not usual hollywood movies that  awfully depicts samurais and even Yakuzas and brush off the truth.  <p>I can say, however, without Tom Cruise, this movie could have also been great as well. But i would guess that it is because of him, this movie gained more attention among people and so typical americans can get the idea of what samurai really is and what they really think. <p>so overall i gave this movie 5 stars. I plan to go watch it again.
This film has been compared (a lot) to Dances with Wolves due to the fact that they both share similar themes. A Civil War era soldier who finds himself thrown in the middle of a different culture and ends up embracing it and becoming part of it. <p>However, Edward Zwick's film differs from the Kevin Costner Oscar winner in that the principal character, Lt. Nathan Algren (Cruise) is down on his luck, having become a drunken caricature of his former self, deeply regretful of his actions, who accepts a job as an instructor for an incipient Japanese army that needs to be prepared to fight against the Samurai. <p>As he arrives to Tokyo he starts training a useless bunch of would-be soldiers who are sent to fight even if they're not ready for it. As a result, the newly formed army gets butchered by the battle experienced Samurai. During that battle, Algren fights bravely and kills one of the highest ranking warriors, getting the interest of the famed Katsumoto, the last great Samurai leader, who orders him captured and brought to his son's village as a prisoner. <p>Once there, Algren's life is changed forever as he gets to know the real lifestyle of the Samurai and their people. They turn out not to be the savages that the Japanese government makes them out to be. After spending winter with them, Algren "changes sides" and joins the Samurai in fighting the Emperor's army. <p>The title of the movie tells the final outcome. The Samurai lose the battle. Progress triumphs over tradition. New over old. But Algren's past demons are redeemed by his courageous actions helping the Samurai. <p>The true worth of this movie is its look. You can definetely see where the budget went (other than Cruise's salary). A whole village was built and the attention to detail is astonishing. The costumes are simply amazing, especially the battle armors. The costume designer is Ngila Dickson, who also worked in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings trilogy. <p>Also of notice are the battle scenes, which are breathtaking. Very violent, but not gratuitous, they serve the story very well. <p>As for the acting, Cruise does a fine job, and is slowly but consistently becoming a better actor (even if this particular performance was not nominated for an Academy Award), but the movie belongs to Ken Watanabe (who was indeed nominated) as Katsumoto. His presence demands attention. He is the center of every scene he's in. Koyuki's performance as Taka, Katsumoto's sister and Algren's love interest, should also be noticed.
It's 1876. Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) has been sent to Japan in order to help the Imperial Japanese Army become more 'modern' and less 'traditional' and ultimately prepare them to fight the legendary Samurai. Events occur that cause Tom Cruise to be a captive of the deadly but extremely polite Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) who is the leader of the Japanese Samurai. At this point, the viewer begins to learn why the Samurai are fighting to preserve their way of life against Western influences and Cruise's character becomes emotionally bound to them and he integrates himself into their society after working hard to earn their trust. However, the film is not solely about the struggle for the Samurai to keep their way of life, another subplot includes the low key and shy love relationship between Algren and Taka, a quiet widow (played with subtlety by Koyuki). Though it isn't a big part in the film, it highlights the emotional aspect of the film and shows that this is not a film about swords. <p>Positive Points:<br />In my view, Cruise has been a decent actor with fluctuating performances but in this current effort, he has shown that he is improving and learning how to adapt to different styles of acting. He plays the tormented captain with surprising intelligence and conviction. I was very impressed to see him speaking Japanese - I loved the way this film mixed both English and Japanese toghether because it gave it a strong edge. However, The real star of this film is Ken Watanabe (Tom who?). He played Katsumoto with such a commanding and intense presence that it was hard to concentrate on Cruise or any other actor in the film. Without doubt deserves the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor. <p>Special mention should go to Koyuki and Ujio (played by Hiroyuki Sanada). As supporting roles, they both acted convincingly without saying much but succeeded in showing that there are many more interesting characters besides Algren and Katsumoto. <p>Great music score by Hans Zimmer and fantastic costume design that will not doubt trigger a trend in Samurai-influenced clothes. <p>Negative points: While the film was entertaining, it focused too much on Cruise. The supporting characters were great too and people like Taka and Ujio should have had more developed personalities. <p>What is Billy Connolly doing in this film? A Scottish man impersonating an Irish man? You didn't fool me Braveheart! <p>But negativities cast aside, 'The Last Samurai' is an enjoyable, violent but immersing cinematic effort that shouldn't be missed if you are interested in Japan, a Cruise fan or if you just love historical dramas.
A civil war Captain travels to Japan to help them train (using guns and bullets) to fight Samurai Warriors so that the Emperor can bring the western civilization to their country. Tha Samurai think the Emperor does not want this, so act to fight anyone that makes any changes to their country. What happens next is amazing and extremely truthful to ones eye.<p>There is so much more to this movie, especially with the great acting and action and what not, that it turns out to be a MUST SEE motion picture, and I mean ASAP.  This picture will win awards easily.<p>A great motion picture!
The poetic resonance of "The Last Samurai" makes it a unique and thoughtful epic where two warriors contrasted by culture are akin in honor. The modernization of Japan serves as the underlying for the collision of differences between Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) and Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe). Almost poetically and serenely does the movie converge these two characters as one is seeking his lost beliefs and the other is sustaining his honor from an ever-changing world. <p>The second act of "The Last Samurai" is the heart and soul of the movie as we marvel at the ways of the society from the sword training and disciplined lifestyle. All that is demolished by the third act. I admire the battle scenes and I do find it the source of the problem. Instead, the last scene was not necessary, it was inconsistent with the tone of the movie, and it went against everything the development of the movie. By having the modernized Japanese army kneel for the samurais and having the Emperor suddenly dismiss the arms agreement with the U.S. and becoming tearful for the samurais, it has sugarcoated the entire film. The film was about the honor carried by the samurais and how it is slowly diminishing beneath Western influences. Then all of a sudden, as if to make the audience feel a little bit better, director Edward Zwick decides to make a happy ending where all the samurais died victorious. We already know that the samurais are the heroes who died for a cause, but to have the Emperor suddenly feel apologetic makes him and the movie appear as feeble. It lost its greatness after the second act. <p>-Please finish my review at www.filmwiseguy.funtigo.com
I did not consider myself as a Tom Cruise fan, that is until I bought this DVD and sat through it three times in two days. There is a terrific sound track that compliments the phenomenal camera work and first class acting by all the cast.<br />The battle scenes and the fights are so good I found them spell binding. Special effects were brilliant.<br />The suppressed emotion between Algren and Taka which turns from hate to love was beautifully done.<br />When the Samurai hero dies he says &quot;Perfect&quot;. A suitable label for this production. I thoroughly reccommend it.
As a fan of the legendary Japanese director Akira Kurosawa, I held rather low expectations for a &quot;great Japanese Samurai epic&quot; starring, of all people, Tom Cruise.  Walking out of theater, I realized that the movie actually worked.  <p>That's not to say it didn't have all the fundamental problems I was dreading.  Ninjas and assassins seem to come out of the woodwork so as to make sure the movie has the requisite number of &quot;Hollywood action-sequences.&quot;  The harsh conditions of late feudal Japan were overly-aestheticized (somehow both the mud the pesands dig in and the blood spurted by slaughtered Samurai seem higher and more beautiful than mere blood or mud).  And while many of the most beautiful cinematography of the movie seemed drawn directly from Akira Kurosawa's films, Kurosawa's ability to show the corruption that can exist even on the &quot;good&quot; side of a struggle was sadly lacking.  But despite its simplicity, there was not one moment during the &quot;epic&quot; length movie that I became bored.<p>And, in the end, that is where The Last Samurai shines.  The soundtrack, the cinematography, the surprisingly good acting and the relatively slow pacing somehow combine to present a quiet, breathtaking version of feudal Japan.  It may not make the most profound statements about the world (despite its philosophical overtones), but it does succeed in transporting the viewer into its own beautiful world.  And, for me, that beauty is well worth two or three hours of my time.
THE LAST SAMURAI is for many of us a Sleeper of a movie.  The media mania was so high at the release time in the theaters that it seemed by the trailers that this was another massively expensive Epic riding on the Big Name Star vehicle.  Sadly, I avoided seeing this beautiful film on the big screen: now I wish I had not been so influenced by the hype.  THE LAST SAMURAI is at its core a very tender movie, a story of men overcoming their personal demons, of the power of allegiance to ideals, of forgiveness of the past and holding on to honor, of growth of the human spirit and soul.<p>1876, and America lands on the beautiful islands of Japan at the beckon of the Emperor to &quot;Westernize&quot; the country, and the army in particular, to stamp out the historical presence of the Samurai, a band of dedicated, gracefully trained warriors whose purpose was to defend the Emperor - a man believed to be the earthly manifestation of holiness.  The military men sent to perform this transformation are the guilt-ridden, alcoholic Civil War Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) and his commanding officer Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwyn).  The two attempt to transform the inept army of the emperor's spokesman but when they encounter in battle the Samurai warriors and their leader Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) they are naturally beaten.  Algren, through his native skills as a fighting man, is captured by the Samurai and is forced to live by their customs in the house of the wife Taka (Koyuki) of a man Algren had killed.  Most of the film is concerned with the gradual spiritual awakening of Algren, his commitment to the Samurai principles of battle and of life and Director Edward Zwick handles this quietly and with great dignity by exploring the growing bond among Algren, Katsumoto, and Taka.  The ultimate confrontational battle between the last of the Samurai and the newly Westernized troops of the Emperors' advisors is not only epic in scale but also mythic in values.  <p>The entire cast is excellent and a large cast this is!  But the kudos that have been awarded Watanabe have for some reason not fallen to Cruise.  They are both excellent as are Tony Goldwyn, Koyuki, Timothy Spall, etc.  The cinematography is breathtakingly beautiful, the musical score is thoughtfully eloquent, and the BIG scenes are a spectacularly Grand as the intimate scenes are extraordinarily tender.  Sometimes a great film passes us by because of the megalomania of the media hype overpowering the actual film.  Give this one a try in your home and see that it is better than you'd expected.
I love Drama/Epic movies, but The Last Samurai blew me away.<br />It is the best movie in a couple of years.<br />I loved the Acting, Cast and of course the whole place where it was shot.  The settings were beautiful.  I recommend this movie to everyone, awesome movie.<br />I would give it 10 stars if there would be 10 stars.<br />The only movie I can compare this to is Braveheart, but even that one didn't move me as much as The Last Samurai.<br />Buy it now and never get rid of it!!
FROM START TO FINISH, MR. ZWICK'S ENORMOUSLY BRILLIANT UNDERTAKING OF AN EPIC AND INSTANT CLASSIC, UNFOLDS IN SUCH SEAMLESS, BEAUTIFUL FASHION, THE 2 1/2 HOURS RUNNING TIME SEEMS ALL TO SHORT!  TOM CRUISE, KEN WATANABE, TONY GOLDWYN, AND ALL THE GREAT CAST PLAY THEIE PARTS WITH SUCH EASE AS WELL AS BRILLIANCE, THAT EXCEPT FOR LORD OF THE RINGS RETURN OF THE KING, THIS FILM WOULD/SHOULD IN FACT WALKED AWAY WITH THE OSCARS! THE FINAL, SPECTACULAR BATTLE SEQUENCE IS AMONGST THE FINEST EVER FILMED-DEEPLY MOVING AND HEROIC AS WELL. THE DVD TRANSFER IS MAGNIFICENT AS IS THE AUDIO-1 COMPLAINT THOUGH-WARNER BROTHERS DVD GET WITH THE PROGRAM ALREADY, OK??  WHY NO DTS ON ONE OF YOUR MOST PRESTIGIOUS FILMS OF THE YEAR?  CMON, WB I EXPECT MORE FROM WB PROBABLY THAN ANY OTHER COMPANY OUT THERE BUT THEY ARE TRULY BEHIND IN AUDIO AS FAR AS USING THE DTS FORMAT!  THAT'S MY ONLY COMPLAINT WITH AN OTHERWISE MAGNIFICENT DVD OF A REMARKABLE FILM.  DISC 2 IS JAMMED PACK WITH SO MANY GOOD EXTRAS, I'VE NOT HAD THE TIME TO VIEW ALL OF IT BECAUSE I'VE BEEN WATCHING THE MOVIE OVER AND OVER!  BRAVOS TO ALL INVOLVED.
If you loved Dances with Wolves, you'll love The Last Samurai.  The two movies have the same storyline - they even occur in the same time-period.  Just substitute Japanese for Native Americans.  <p>This movie is a good mass-entertainment.  Japanese culture and history is dumbed-down for popular consumption.  Don't quite expect the realism we find in Kurosawa films here.  Like Dances with Wolves, this movie is painfully politically-correct.  I assume that the filmmakers were forced to proceed under the assumption that American audiences might not know what the Samurai - or indeed, the Japanese - are.  The unfortunate thing is that they are probably right.  <p>We stop at all the expected signposts along the way.  The Tom Cruise character forms a growing love for the foreign, yet honorable, ways of the Samurai.  We are treated to the pre-requisite attack by Ninjas.  Fortunately, there are plenty of swordfights, but the level of realism is about the same as in Kill Bill (I know something of Japanese fencings and exchanges - like in Kurosawa films - are brief and deadly).  <p>The film looks great.  Ken Watanabe gives a great performance as the eponymous Last Samurai.  Luckily, through an eye-popping coincidence, his character happens to speak English.  Tom Cruise does a better job than he was given credit for as the lead.<p>This film succeeds as an entertainment.  I am a sucker for Samurai films so - despite its being quite long - I was not bored.  It's a good, big-budget, action epic.
The modern landscape of hollywood can leave many of us quite depressed with a great void within us. We yearn for movies of subtance. Movies that have some soul... movies that make you think and feel, all while keeping you entertained. The effects laden, poorly scripted, commericial marketing schemes that pass as movies these days leave me for one wondering what happeend to the days when movie making was an art and not a franchise.<p>But then, just as all hope seems lost along comes a movie like this to renew my faith in hollywood's abillity to put together a masterpiece.<p>The Last Sammuri takes place in the late 19th century, as america is in the end of the Indian wars (just after Custer's defeat at little big horn). At this time Japan is a nation undergoing remarkable change. The new Emperor has begun to modernize the formerly feudal nation at lightning speeds. Thus the stage is set in this oriental land for war between the old ways and the new ways. A rebellion of Sammuri warriors, who reject many of the new western ways has begun. The Japanese are at this time seeking advisors from all over the world to aid in thier modernization, including seeking military advisors from america to help train, update and lead the imperial army. An American Captain (Tom Cruise), a veteran of the indian wars, is hired towards this end - much thanks to the fact that he has experience fighting tribal leaders (the movie draws on the similarities between the sammuri and native american warriors). But Tom Cruise gets captured in the first encounter with the sammuri, and after living amongst these amazing people and learning thier ways, finds his own salvation in thier cause. <p>The plot isn't very complicated, but is rich in historical context and philisophical themes. All the charcters in the movies are very well done, and the acting in this film with only a few minor exceptions was absolutley fantastic (especially the portrayal of Katsomoto, which was just a brilliant performance).<p>The last sammuri has a little of everything. This is a movie that you will feel. You'll laugh, you'll be inspired, you'll be anxious, and you may even get a little watery eyed at some of the more tender moment. There's martial arts, humor, sword fighting, ninjas, battles, love, philosophy, drama - you name it. The movie has some great action sequences and battle scenes but these are not over-done - there is much more. The movie feels almost poetic at times, and the cinematogrophy is beautifully done. Many gorgeous shots are in the movie. And, unlike many movies, the slower scenes don't leave you yawning but are very well done.The music and audio too, was top notch, some of the best I've seen in a while.<p>all in all this became one of my all time favorite movies the moment I saw it. Many of the ellements reminded me of a slightly less gritty version of brave heart. And while Im not sure about the historical accuracy of the plot, the film does an AMAZING job depicting the beauty of japanese culture and the fascinating ways of the sammuri. Context-wise, the film hit it right oin the nose in terms of accuracy and really got it's points across all while being very entertaining. And while some people may feel it a bit slow-paced, I found every last moment of the last sammuri to be a pleasure. <p>I wouldnt hesitate to call this a masterpiece and the best film of the year.
I know it appears like Western culture is selfish and materialistic in comparison to the Eastern Asian experience. But, to be bold, I declare that it is so in the context of the time and place. There is good and ill in every social framework, and unlike a Costner film that shall remain unnamed, Samurai doesn't preach such a dogma. <p>Instead, the film lifts you above it, and illustrates a fundamental truth of the human condition. It does not blunt us over by our shortsightedness; it enlightens us with the truth, and reminds us that we are susceptible to succumbing to inner demons of wealth, power, and accumulation. What matters most are not the tangible treasures that surround us, but the inner intangible treasures that define us. Our pleasure, our pain, our trials and struggles. Our victories...and our monumental failures. They establish who we are, and how we lived, and if at least one person remembers that, then we shall find life again. <p>Perhaps, in some small way, that's what this movie has done. While not entirely historically correct, and not without it's grandiose notions of good and evil evident in a traditional epic of scope, what The Last Samurai does is remind us of that greater truth, the greater potential inside each and every one of us. Like the blossoms of the peach tree, they ultimately fall, but are born again in each subsequent generation that remembers and chooses to follow a similar path. And, if one looks carefully enough as the light fades in Autumn, one will see that each and every petal is indeed "perfect."
Have seen this pic in cinema here ireland<br />thought it was pretty damn good cruise pulled off this one very well -only thing to disapoint was on battle field riding back to the samuri troops ,think too many films of this nature are doing that braveheart battle scence , but overall that this was a pretty good film had me on edge of seat at times<br />troughly recomend to watch or buy (...).
I thought it was going to be awful and I only went to see it because my fiance wanted to, but it turned out to be a film well worth watching and owning.  The acting (yes, even Tom Cruise) is generally good, the soundtrack stirring, the pacing taut, and the battle sequences awesome.  (The fight following the ninja assassination attempt is particularly well done.)  Yes, it's Shogun set later in time and minus Richard Chamberlain, but/and it's excellent.  <p>The only problem worth mentioning is the ending.  I won't give anything away, but the events are improbable, and because of that they're less emotionally affecting than they should be.  I can think of a couple of better ways for the film to have ended. Still, a much better movie than it might seem.  I'll be buying it.
Meet Captain Nathan Algren (played by Tom Cruise), bona fide Civil War hero, celebrity endorser of Winchester rifles, and drunkard.  During the early years of the American political and cultural incursion into Japan, Algren is hired essentially as a mercenary to train the Imperial Japanese Army in the ways of modern warfare.  Before he has had a chance to do his job properly, he is called upon to lead a well-equipped but poorly trained force against a "rebel" army led by the samurai lord Katsumoto (played by Ken Watanabe).  During the initial engagement, Algren's force is routed by the samurai and Algren himself is taken prisoner by Katsumoto for the purpose of "understanding my enemy."<br /><br />Thus begins the gradual transformation of Algren from a highly stereotyped American chauvinist to a member of Katsumoto's community.  The early reception is cold and unaccepting, both by Katsumoto's family and his fellow samurai, but over time a grudging tolerance gives way to cautious familiarity and ultimately to full acceptance and respect.  As I observed this process, I could not help being reminded of "Dances With Wolves", in which Kevin Costner's character undergoes a similar rebirth.  This notion was fueled even more by the romantic energy between Algren and the widow of a samurai whom he had killed during his capture.<br /><br />Algren eventually rises to enjoy great respect and admiration among Katsumoto's people, becoming in effect the samurai lord's right-hand man and deputy commander.  He helps lead Katsumoto's forces in several battles against the Japanese army, including the climactic final engagement where his honor is put to the ultimate test (but I won't spoil the ending for those who haven't seen it yet).<br /><br />Overall, I found this to be a very enjoyable and moving tale of the clash of cultures, somewhat loose in its historicity, with a strong emphasis on concepts like valor, honor and independence.  The story line was slightly cliche and more than a little romanticized, but hey, that's Hollywood.  Watch it and decide for yourself, but I certainly wouldn't mind seeing it again.
I thought the movie was good, and the japanese were very authentic. But it is impossible for tom cruise to become a samurai, unless the emperor made an ammendment to the laws passed down for centuries, which of course never happened. The movie is good with a plot, but as I said, the producers didn't think of how historically accurate this movie was. The overall movie had a plot and was very well made, and it seems like they put in a lot of time for every scene, just to make you feel immerssed in the culture. Good movie.
As a man who loves Kurawowa and other films of this genre, when I saw Tom Cruise was making this, I thought, "You have got to be kidding......."<br />Then I saw parts of his Oprah stint and said, "Plllleeeease."<p>Once again I underestimated Tom.  Sorry about that TC.  <p>The film was magnificent.  I would have to say it is Oscar worthy, but those dumbasses who do the judging do not know anything about foreign films.  Crouching Tiger deserved best pic darn it!!!!<p> I cannot believe The Last Samurai was not nominated for best picture.
An American Civil War "hero" is asked to travel to Japan in order to help the Emperor fight against the rebellion of the legendary Samurai, protectors of the country for centuries. When captured by the enemy, the American is asked to stick around for "conversations" with the leader of the samurai, who in turn, teaches the Yank a thing or two about life.<br />The film is brilliant in that way because it allows us to connect our own tainted dreams, hopes and ambitions to Cruise's journey through the higher mindedness of the Samurai.<br />talk about an amazing transformation and outlook on life. I always believed that much of that Zen stuff was just plain double-talk, but this film is amazing in both its depth of character interaction and preciseness of dialogue, through which great thought and resonance is placed upon every scene, every word and every action sequence. To that end, consider how almost every person who perished in this film affected me emotionally, during even its most violent scenarios. It's also to note that if actor Ken Watanabe, playing the all-powerful Katsumoto, doesn't receive an Oscar nomination for his part in this film, consider me to be the uncle of a monkey. And did I mention the film's intense and pointed musical score? Yup, Hans Zimmer is back with yet another perfect addition to the film's many strengths and a rousing score that was still buzzing in my head as I washed away the tears of the characters gone by. And before I forgot about one of the film's greatest attributes, consider its all-out sword-fighting, arrow-flinging all of which rival any other action scene from any film this year (which is saying quite a bit) and are pretty gosh-darn brutal to boot. And did you know that the film has ninjas too? Hand to God! In fact, the ninja/samurai head-to-head is about as bloody and furious as they get. Loved it all. Phew. But there's more,
A solid war film with epic battle scenes. A bloodbath, however, with a penchant for excessive violence, this film seeks a portrayal of glory and honor through battle in the name of the Emperor. (On an ancillary note: Cruise exercises considerable poetic license, but this is overshadowed by the sheer framework of the story itself--the way it should be for historical narrative.)<p>The Framing of the film.<p>As pointed out in the film, the term 'samurai' means 'to serve' and the eeking out of this fidelity to imperial principles is the backdrop for conflict to be settled in a massive bloodletting--what we have here is an eclipsing of the times. Foreign influences invading and suffocating cultural heritage, advanced weaponry and commercialism strangling the Japanese economic and political powers. What frames this contest of arms vs. honor, of modern vs. tradition, is a mutiny of cultural identity that has turned the government in on its own people. A nation whose own traditions are left to the wayside in favor of a 'costume' of foreign security. This is a country eating itself up--a self-devouring nation ravaging itself and thereby allowing outsiders to ravage it further. This crisis of national identity--the effect of "wannabes" donning the latest novelty fad and "purists" upholding a cultural epistemology--divides the nation and sets the stage for an unforgettable clash of political ideology.<p>For those who enjoyed the "Meiji patriotism" of the samurai exhibited in The Last Samurai, I recommend Yukio Mishima's classic novel, Runaway Horses, which chronicles the rise of leftist("purist") resentment towards invading influences that were growing rampant(cancerous) in the nation's economic and political sectors during the modern era.
SPOILERS INCLUDED<br /><br />THE LAST SAMURAI is one of the best efforts of Tom Cruise's uneven and strange career. Very loosely based on actual events, THE LAST SAMURAI recounts the story of the Satsuma Rebellion of 1877, when the Samurai forced the last stand of traditional Japanese culture against the the modernizing influences of the Meiji Restoration.<br /><br />As part of his drive to bring Japan into the family of nations the Meiji Emperor hired literal armies of foreign advisors. In the film Cruise plays Captain Nathan Algren, a survivor of Gettysburg who later served under Custer and fought Indians on the frontier. The brutalities he has seen have rendered Captain Algren a nightmare-ridden and viciously cynical drunkard. Recruited to go to Japan and train the modern Japanese Army by his despised former superior, Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwyn), Algren at first adopts the endemic sneering attitude toward the Samurai shared by the "modernizers". However, the more he hears of the Samurai, the more respect Algren begins to accord them, much to the disgust of his fellows.<br /><br />When his green army is forced into a premature engagement with the Samurai, Algren is captured and held prisoner by the Samurai leader Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe). Watanabe is the true star of this film. His powerful but understated performance is electric, and Katsumoto's character expresses the best of the Bushido Code and of Japanese tradition. As Algren observes his enemies (and they observe him), hatred mellows into distrust, distrust mellows into acquiescence, acquiescence mellows into acceptance, acceptance becomes respect, and respect becomes liking, and then true friendship. Algren, the professional soldier, comes to see the Bushido Code and the disciplined lifestyle of his captors as the highest expression of his own art---the Art of War. When battle comes, Algren casts his lot with the Samurai.<br /><br />Although given a safe passage to Tokyo, Katsumoto is unable to sway the young and timid Meiji Emperor, his former student, who is as much a prisoner of the "modernizers" as Algren had been of the Samurai traditionalists. Hostilities flare again when Omura (Masato Harada) the chief of the "modernizers" tries to have Katsumoto assassinated. The Samurai withdraw into the mountains and prepare for the final battle. When it comes, the Samurai nearly overwhelm their opponents, but armed with cannons and gatling guns, the modern army is insurmountable. In the end, only Algren survives to bring Katsumoto's sword to the Emperor. Although Algren is spat upon by Omura, the Meiji Emperor is so moved by Katsumoto's reverence for the old ways that he orders Omura to commit seppuku. In the end, the cowardly Omura merely exiles himself.<br /><br />THE LAST SAMURAI had only a lukewarm reception in the United States. Some reviewers felt that the character of Captain Algren was of the "White Man's Burden" ilk, that the film was disrespectful of the American historical experience, and that the Samurai were overidealized. Much of this can be put down to a festering dislike of Cruise in the wake of his divorce from Nicole Kidman. However, the film was wildly successful in Japan, and many moviegoers left the theaters in tears, moved by the powerful depiction of traditional Japanese values in the character of Katsumoto and his fellow Samurai. While it is true that much of the Bushido Code was vastly oversimplified in the telling, the essence of Samurai values permeates the film, which, after all, is a form of entertainment, not a philosophical discussion.<br /><br />The "Extras" disc is an "Extras" disc. Once a pastiche of fascinating folderol, "Extras" discs have degenerated into a predictable melange of "The Making Of...", pointless commentaries, and deleted scenes we wish had stayed deleted. This one isn't much different, though it does have a nice "Hollywood vs. History" segment that discusses the real samurai, in truth largely a repressive and regressive elite that had outlived themselves in the 19th century. What might have been very interesting would have been a discussion of how the Bushido Code was institutionally perverted into racist militarism in the first half of the 20th century. The segment barely touches on that subject.<br /><br />A vast and sweeping epic in the vein of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00003CX95">Braveheart</a>, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0783226039">Spartacus</a>, and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00003CXB2">Lawrence of Arabia (Limited Edition)</a>, THE LAST SAMURAI is an engaging, respectful, and moving tale well worth watching many more times than once.
You already have the story line, so I won't repeat that.<br /><br />This film shows Cruise's maturation as a SERIOUS actor - finally!!  The other performances are also fantastic; the actors are obviously all serious, veteran actors. (They should have an Academy Award for "Best Casting"; and this film should have won it.)<br /><br />The film is often graphic (e.g., the final battle scene); but at other times extremely delicate, subtle and sublime (e.g., Cruise's scenes with the wife and children of the man whom he killed in battle). Often not a word is said - but the eyes, body movements, and lighting speak to us in soft tones.<br /><br />The Japanese actress KOYUKI (who plays "Taka", widow of the warrior Cruise kills in battle near the beginning) is BOTH fantastically beautiful and a most subtle and superb actor.<br /><br />(Koyuki makes Sophie Marceau and Charlize Theron pale by comparison.)<br /><br />This movie is a MUST!
It has battle scenes yes; it has maybe a political point of view, but what really moves about this movie is the marvelous portrayal of values we often forget about.  The human side of the soldier (interesting now that these are war times).  And also the family, friendship, loyalty, adult/children relationships (Cruise and the little Japanese boy, superb!)and above all, love a pure and sustained vision of love.<br />It also serves us to look at a different (and needed) vision of Japanese stereotypes as seen on classic American war movies. Wacht out for Ken Watanabe's camera friendly expression; he won an Oscar for it!
I bought the DVD when it came out, but didn't watch it 'til about a week ago.  I get the feeling it's going to be one I'll return to rather frequently.<br /><br />The acting, for the most part, is first rate.  I seemed to me that the story is as much about philosophy as it is about action/history.  One can see the power of one's heritage being overrun simply because something is 'inevitable'.  We can, of course, apply that to our own society in many ways.  As I was sitting and watching, I was amazed at just how much I was enjoying the movie on several levels.<br /><br />Highest rating from me.
Wow!! In his opening scene, when Tom Cruise fires his Winchester above the heads of the assembled host, he's shooting a "Rifleman's Special."  I suspect that only those who grew up watching Chuck Connors will see it, but there it is.  A beautiful thing to behold.<br /><br />Meanwhile (speaking of beholding....), this is a first class movie.  One of the all too rare "blockbusters" that transcends the cliche.  The movie quite sensitively depicts both the clash of East and West and their reconciliation whilst ultimately telling the story of the End of Things, the destruction of a Way of Life.<br /><br />It is a one of those very rare not-to-be-missed movies.
I was a bit skeptical before seeing this movie, but with all the rave reviews it was getting, I figured I would give it a try. Certainly, I was glad I did, because it is thus far, my favorite Cruise movie. He does an excellent job at making his character awestruckingly real, which is of course, the result of talented acting. Watanabe also has a breakthrough role, in which he is part of a group of legendary samurai warriors. This movie is a burrito of action, suspense, and drama all rolled up into one. Usually, movies that attempt to blend all these aspects together do a terrible job, but Last Samurai succeeds by a grand scale. Easily among my favorites.
...Whose fought for a forgotten word...Honor&quot;.<br /><br /> Last samurai's a movie that brings to the western public a point of view very different about the way to live in the ancient Japan, bringing us back the lost proud of honor (with an eastern tonic). But the main message in the movie is not just see how the samurais fought in battelfield, and cut the throats of their enemies, or how the technology crushed the samurais, no this is not the real point or message, the big deal is that we must remember who we are and where we come from. Now if we look around the dressing, make up and efx, we can move into that age in the ancient Japan, and we learn an important message that master Tsu's ever told... Empty and Full, &quot;Empty is your enemy when he decides to attack you and you are waiting for his attack, so your troops are full and their troops are empty of energy&quot;. The example of the Demopolis attack made by persians in the old Greece, was very accord with the last battle, when it's explained by Tom Cruise (Nathan Algren) to Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto)and he used the word &quot;million&quot; and 300, drawing to the samurai that: &quot;If you only fight because you want to win... you are lost, but if you are commited to die in the intent you will win more than the battle, you will get Honor and you will make that the reason to fight can be heared by those that you wanted to hear you.&quot;<br /><br /> Don't give up.
First off, let me state that this is an enjoyable film to watch.  It is entertaining and truly worth a watch.  However...<p>It is basically a rehash of Dances with Wolves (check out the Samurai village and the Native American references): unhappy, unsatisfied white guy finds himself in an exotic (to him) culture and, much to his surprise and everyone else's, he finds his salvation there and goes native.  Not only does he find his salvation there but he becomes their savior against the white people who are corrupting such an idyllic culture.  Apparently, the world needs more white guys to save them (and everyone else) from themselves.<p>I suppose, in this day and age, American history is being rewritten and our guilty consciences of our ignorance of other cultures leads us to make movies such as this one.  We have misunderstood other cultures for far too long and it is up to the American film industry to make American movies to help Americans understood how wrong Americans have been!<p>The pretense is that this movie is meant to honor the Samurai.  We see the serenity of the idyllic life of the Samurai, the happy children, the Buddhist chants and all that other stuff that falls just short of stereotyping.  It feels as if someone studied the Samurai in books (and old Samurai movies) and wrote a movie about it, trying to give it a twist.  But it all centers around Tom Cruise.  The Samurai in the end are pretty much props.  In the end it feels a bit, well, pretentious.  And predictable.<p>The action scenes are fun to watch (though Kill Bill's got this one beat) and fantasize a bit about such an idyllic life.  But it's been taken just a bit too serious.  But still worth a watch.<p>By the way, The Gods Must Be Crazy covers this ground (what happens when two cultures collide) with a more comical, intelligent and subversive spin.
This movie being categorized as action, pretty much misrepresents what it's about.  Yes, it has action in it (amazing battle scenes), however it's central theme has to deal with honor, the loss of it, and the loss of a way of life in exchange for a more modern society.  On the one hand you have the Japanese civilization in the middle of adopting a more Western style of living, and on the other you have the Samurai, more than willing to die fighting to keep Japanese tradition alive.<br /><br />  Now, some people say the title of this movie refers to Tom Cruise's character, others (including me) say it refers to Watanabe's character, Katsumoto, who loosely represents the real life Saigo Takamori, the real life samurai who was considered the actual &quot;last samurai&quot;.  Some reviewers also describe Tom's character, Algren, as the white man who swoops in to save the day.  I say he was simply a bystander caught up in the events of history.  It's not impossible to believe that a white man can get involve with the samurai, since this idea is borrowed from actual history of a westerner who adopts the samurai way of life during the rise of the Shogunate.<br /><br />  No matter who's name is credited first though, it wouldn't be much of a movie without the cast.  With that said, Ken Watanabe, Hiro Sanada, and Koyuki make this movie.  No offense to Tom Cruise since he was impressive in doing all of his own sword work.  However, it is obvious that his character takes a back seat to what is supposedly the secondary plot of the samurai.  Frankly, this isn't Cruise's movie, it simply has Cruise in it.
I have never been a fan of Tom Cruise, but after watching this movie my opinion of him has slowly begin to change.  Granted, Cruise is a good actor, but there are several others I would place ahead of him in terms of acting ability and on camera congeniality.  Nevertheless, I believe The Last Samurai is one of Tom Cruise's best films, if not his best film ever, because he does an outstanding job of portraying the role of Capt. Nathan Algren;  Algren is a Civil War and Indian War veteran who is tortured over the atrocities he has viewed and committed on the front lines.  These experiences have transformed Algren into a man filled with bitterness and cynicism and driven him to embrace alcohol as his escape mechanism from reality.  <p>Cruise does an excellent job of capturing this particular spirit in the film.  Even though Cruise's performance is excellent, the film is only bolstered by the performances by the performances of Watanabe and the rest of the cast.  Watanabe was simply terrific as the Samurai warlord, Katsumoto.  On screen he exuded a kind of gentle but stern warrior aura, and showed he was a man of astute intellectual abilities.  In his performace Watanabe displayed all the qualities and characteristics that were essential to the Samurai.  Besides the performances the battle sequences and costumes were spectacular.  In addition, the scenery and setting were also very good and captured the atmosphere of a 19th century Japan that was experiencing rapid Westernization.  At several instances in the film it is easy to see vestiges of traditional Eastern Japansese culture stand side by side with modern Western culture.  Last but not least, the musical score by Hans Zimmer is phenomenal. As always, Zimmer delivers a rousing an emotional score that complements the film and actually heightens the sensitivity at certain crucial moments of the film.<p>My only criticism of this movie is that Tom Cruise was focued upon too much.  It would have been nice if the other characters, Ujio, Taka, and Katsumoto, received more screen time since they were all so likeable and each delivers a great performance.  Slight criticism aside, this is one of my favorite movies of all time and one I would recommend to virtually anyone who asked.
"The Last Samurai" is everything a movie should be - exciting, emotional, and involving. Though I would not go so far to say that it's a masterpiece, it is one of the better movies I have seen in 2003, and without having seen the new "Lord of the Rings", it's definitely near the top of the list. It will no doubt draw comparison with "Braveheart" because of the epic battles and the emotional climax, but thankfully avoids becoming derivative of other "battle epics".<p>Tom Cruise (who spent two years learning Japanese) plays Nathan Algren, a civil war hero who has fallen off the right path and is now washed up and heavily into the booze. His fortunes change when he is commissioned by the Emperor of Japan to help train his army to fight efficiently against the Samurai who roam the country. His success with that endeavor is short lived when he is captured by the Samurai during a devastating battle. He spends the next several months living among them and adopting their ways, and growing fond of the discipline, skill, and tact that the Samurai display. Knowing of the Emperor's motives to rid Japan of the people and way of life he has come to embrace, he joins them in their battle against insurmountable odds. <p>There are many subplots and characters, some predictable Hollywood fodder (do you smell a love story cooking?), but most are effective and necessary to the overall story. "The Last Samurai" is tempered with humorous moments that help to balance the violence that is peppered throughout. As you can expect, many of the battles are long, drawn out, and very bloody. But the violence is never gratuitous, and it knows it's limits. As far as performances go, Tom Cruise is nothing if not reliable, and his largely Japanese supporting cast all do a great job in hitting their cues and making us believe in them. What really deserves special mention is the cinematography, which captures Japans lush valleys, majestic temples, and overall aesthetic beauty. The battle choreography is also stellar, obviously benefiting for painstaking direction and CGI effects. <p>"The Last Samurai" is not a history lesson, so you are unlikely to walk away from it having gained a substantial knowledge of the Samurai customs and traditions. What you will get out of it is a fantastic movie-going experience that satisfies on every level, which is exactly what we go to movies for.
Former Paramount studios chief Robert Evans used to call his holiday pictures "Christmas gifts to the world," and "The Last Samurai" is staged just so: Much of it is handsome, magnificent and morally decent, yet the movie is full of itself, in both solemnity and faraway gaze. Edward Zwick's latest giant is in need of a bit of exuberance to push it over into classic status, and the director never quite gets enough of it, and certainly not from star Tom Cruise, in permanent furrowed brow. <p>Developed from an interesting story by John Logan, "The Last Samurai" concerns Capt. Nathan Algren (Cruise), a drunk, disillusioned cavalry solider in 1870s hired to train a "modernized" Japanese army defeat the legendary mountain samurais, whose "bushido" code of discipline has long defended the nation. The samurai are led by their last great fighter, Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), fight by sword and bow, and have the fealty of the people. The upwardly mobile Japanese ambassador Omura (Masato Harada) has the ear of the young emperor (Shichinosuke Nakamura). <p>Bushido code is such that Katsumoto would drop his sword if the emperor wished it so; until then, he leads charges against green Japanese troops. In one battle, pitched in the forest by fog light, he wounds Algren, captures him and ushers the captain to a mountain hideout to study his recovering enemy. The samurai village is beautifully realized; Zwick and cinematographer John Toll ("Braveheart") purposely create a utopia at high elevation. With a valley in the distance reminiscent of a fertile green ocean, Algren begins to adjust to the mood and practice of the warriors and prove himself worthy of it while kindling a romance with a samurai's widow (beautiful, expressive Koyuki).  <p>While Katsumoto may belong to an ancient order, he speaks English, displays a quick sense of humor and seeks to trade wisdom with Algren rather than merely dispensing it. His philosophy is unbending, but his moods aren't. Watanabe is so good because he plays against the expectation of the stern, authoritarian titan, and, with a smile, steals most of the scenes away from Cruise, who affects the broken man about as well as a naturally expressive actor can. <p>Inevitably, Algren wins a few mock battles and stands beside Katsumoto during a midnight ninja attack, setting the stage for Algren's conflicted return back to his old post in Tokyo, then his subsequent change of heart that leads to fierce final battle between tradition and guns, played out in the valley we've seen from afar the entire movie.<p>Four-act films are rare, but Zwick doesn't fight the built-in structure, uses it, in fact to cover all the political bases, punctuating the end of each with a clash of some sort. The ninja raid has a hint of Kurosawa, while the forest sequences echoes the Vietnam movies of Stone and Coppola. The final battle is a close cousin to "Braveheart" and deserves to be mentioned with it. Cruise and Watanabe worked the swords themselves, and betray no weaknesses. Zwick is a fabulous combat director, and considering the movie's scope, deserves a mention during awards season.<p>"The Last Samurai" never quite reconciles what movie it prefers to be. It forces a romance between Algren and Taka, the widow, when there's no time to develop it. It tacks on a needless, uplifting epilogue to a naturally earth-moving conclusion. The movie errs on the side of being disconsolate, too, in portraying the one-dimensionally evil Omura and Col. Bagley (Tony Goldwyn), one of Algren's former superiors who enjoyed slaughtering innocents in Indian raids. Such stark lines of romance and villainy detract from the movie's underlying elegy of samurais courting death against the machines.
The Last Samurai is entertaining.<br />I got involved with the characters and wanted everything to turn out well.<br />The action sequences are well done.<br />The acting is well done.<p>However,<br />The plot is formula.<br />The ending, while throwing in a twist or two is still predictable.<br />The moral theme has been done to the hilt.<p>In Short,<br />This is a good movie to rent, but I wouldn't spend a lot of money to add it to my collection.
By far this is the best movie that I've seen in a long while.  Not only does it depict strong issues about honor, trust, integrity, values, sound morals, lodyalt, duty, and respect, but it also shows a deeper sense of love and loving than I've seen ages.  Here is a movie full of passionate love, but no blatant sex acts.  Yeah!!!  That was a wonderful departure from the norm.  Ken Watunabe's role was AWESOME!!!  This is a great movie.
I can't find the words to describe this truly amazing movie. I was not a huge fan of Tom Cruise, but since it looked like it would be pretty good from the preview, I decided I had to see it. This movie exceeded my expectations. Tom Cruise really surprised me and delivered such a wonderful performance in this movie. I feel that this movie was a gipped from being nominated for an Oscar. I thought for sure it would have been. If the Last Samuari had been nominated for an Oscar, and if, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King wasn't in the running this year (which truly deserved to win by the way), then I think that The Last Samuari should of been best picture of 2003. I feel that some people have overlooked this movie, and I am not sure why. It is such a beautiful movie, full of emotion, and wonderful performances. This movie is a true masterpiece.
It is a shame that a film with so much potential to be great just missed the sweet spot. The movie had real strengths in the supporting cast and succeeded in convincing you that you were indeed in the middle of 19th century Japan. With what seemed to be "genuine" shoji filled spaces and beautiful countryside landscapes it was impossible to dismiss the films charm. Unfortunately the photography, while adequate, seemed to be uninspired and just very bland. The score also leaves something to be desired. During the first battle scene I found the music seemed to detract from the intensity of the battle and what should have been heart-pounding and overwhelming effect seemed more anticlimactic than anything. There were also a few scenes that used computer generated images landscapes/battle scenes which were just below todays standards.<br />In the end however the film was carried by strong supporting characters and a believeable Tom Cruise. One is left with an even greater admiration of the Samurai way by the end of the film; this is no doubt a by-product of Ken Watanabe's performance and the beautifully intricate armor and weapons. There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
This Movie by far is the best movie I have ever seen in my entire life!!!!! No kidding! Its about damn time they came out with a movie like this! I'm surprised to see Tom Cruise in it for I had under estimated his acting abilities! I give him as well as Ken Watanabe great props!!!! They are truly wonderful actors and now one of my most favorites..... I cant tell you how great this movie was! It moved me in sooooo many ways... Ways as in the movie having parts that were funny, a lot of actions parts, and the best of all the dramatic parts... I like seriously cried 3 times!!! And I havn't done sooo in a long time when watching a movie!!! That just tells you how more powerful this movie is!!! It takes you there with all the Japanese Samurais and gives you another perspective on that kind of people.... Leaving the movies had me at a higher respect and a new look at the Japanese culture! for I give a lot of respect to them and what they've done!!! <p>  This movie has been definitly life changing for me and I recommend it to Everyone!!!!!
The quality of the DVD was disappointing.  It stopped many time through out the movie, we finally gave up and sent it back (we did play another DVD to make sure that was not our machine's problem).
I was bored one Sunday evening and happen to catch this on TV.  I really had no anticipation that it would be a good movie.  I was wrong.  It has a full spectrum of emotions running through it.  Tom Cruze is not my favorite actor but he was suburb in this movie.  I immediately bought it from Amazon on Blue Ray.  Highly recommend it.
I had owned this dvd and watched it many times! This is a cinematic spectacle with lush cinematography and action, as well as a fantastic storyline! I wanted to watch it one day and could not find it! I literally went right to amazon.com and ordered it and am happy I did. It definately makes my top 25 films of all time in a collection of over 7000 titles! Go out and get this movie if you have not seen it. You'll be glad you did! Michael
This is one of the best action movies since interview with the vampire. Don't know how anyone can rate it less than 5 stars. Great drama/action. :)
THE LAST SAMURAI doesn't stand up to anything by Kurosawa, but it did prove that Tom Cruise could act, and it is a very watchable film. For one thing, Ken Watanabe, and Koyuki were simply superb, the cinematography, costuming, battle scenes, and music were glorious, and despite the highly fictionalized portrayal of samurai in this period of Japan's history it is a great story, with memorable characters, and one of the most sensual 'dress' sequences ever.
If you are interested in Japanese history/culture such as Samurai, you will obviously like any Samurai related movie.  This is not just any Samurai related movie, Tom Cruise and the rest of the cast make this movie a must see if you haven't already seen it, and a must buy for ANYONE'S DVD collection!
While this movie may be set in Japan during it's early industialization, at the end of the Samurai's reign (don't take that literally), that is not what this movie is about.  For anyone who's interested in what went on historically at the time, and it's acuracy, go find something else.  For anyone else, especially those with friends or family who may be returning from serving overseas in Iraq or Afganastan, this movie can help give you a small glimpse of the conflict those who fight face.  At it's heart this movie is about a soldier, who was forced into a battle that was against everything he thought was right.  How it took a toll on him, his hate for himself and others.  And his personal road to reclaiming his personal honor, and mental health.  It also shows how we can learn from other cultures if we just take the time to understand them.  Even now in places we consider the "third world" there are aspects of various cultures we can still learn from.  Technology and all it's benefits are great, but it's the human spirit that is mankinds greatest tool or weapon, depending on how it's used at any time.<br /><br />Definitely not something to be missed
This turned out to be one of the best films I have ever seen. I knew this film could easily be misunderstood, and whereas I had doubts myself in the beginning, after watching it they had all but removed and I was in love with it. As with all good films, this one had picked the right people to play the characters. This had included Katsumoto, Omura, Emperor, Taka, Simon Graham, the Americans, even the guardian. It smartly blends in the flares and drama in both American and Japanese cultures and anyone who can appreciate both cultures can easily testify to great illustration of both. The film could easily be misunderstood for a few reasons: 1. most audience may appreciate one of the two cultures presented in the movies, but not both, thus appreciation for half of the movies would be blanked out. 2. because the film touches on a historical event, it would most likely be criticized for its accuracy. this is a mistake, however, since audience should realize that this is hollywood after all, and the director had never intended or claimed to make a documentary, he is making a movie. as most movies are strictly fictional, the fact that this is actually "based on a significant historical event" is of great educational value.<br /><br />Having some understanding and appreciation of the Japanese culture before  viewing this, have to say that this illustration of the Japanese culture was absolutely true and beautiful. And whereas originally I had thought the idea of Tom Cruise being a samurai might be tacky, but the sequence of events, the transformation of his character into becoming one, had made it seem surprisingly natural. Though the film is about conflict and warriors, and it was supposed to be heavy with bloodsheds and killing, the story blended in enough light hearted sub-plots to actually allow the audience to breathe and smile at times amist the serious storyline of a part of a nation's tradition becoming extinct. The balance in the movie was very well done. Tom Cruise's character's integration into a part of Japanese culture itself is a success story. There would probably be more countless stories of how this type of integration would've failed, but Tom's character had succeeded. It did so through respect, appreciation, camaraderie, and deep feelings. The references to western cultures on occasion had been also very smart. There is a sense of comfort in that even if the warriors had fought to their death in their cause, they were actually not alone, as other nations, people, in near and distance past, have also fought to death for theirs.<br /><br />Other than that, as a movie, the cinematography, the music and sound, the the historical illustrations, the traspassing of two cultures that in most people's eyes are largely incompatible, the entertaining value, should make this one of the top movies ever had. The box office did not give it all the credits.<br /><br />This is highly recommended, and even if certain things in the movie may seem strange at first, it is definitely worth watching. Someday these things that did not make sense might in rare instances come to light. Along with what might come to light though, is the awareness also that this is really a movie, and reality may not be as pretty as it is set out to tell....
I'm not big on movies. This one is big. I don't normally watch R movies. This one is R because of the realistic battle scenes.<br /><br />I was struck with character quality after character quality throughout the movie. By the end of it, my soul was ringing with words like, 'courage, valor, honor, dignity, purity, perfection'. I have to say that I felt I was educated in Japanese history/culture to a degree by this movie.<br /><br />I have to say that Ken Watanabe is great in this movie. The battle scenes are 'glorious', and the shifts from normal speed to slo-mo are perfect.  Sound also has some zoom effects that don't distract, but add to the themes of this movie. It is a movie I will watch again sometime.  Excellent movie.  You should see it if you haven't yet.  I think it will make you want to go to Japan (it had that effect on me).
This is Tom Cruise at his greatest. The film's tone, mood, action, acting, directing, sets, and scenes (especially the exteriors) were magnificent!!! This is a movie with a heart, and Tom's gradual transformation--from savage soldier to honorable fighter--was refreshing and uplifting. Buy it and keep it. You'll want to see it many times, as each viewing shows you how very much more there is than when you saw it earlier. I can't praise this movie enough, and believe me, I'm a harsh critic, especially when I note something unbelievable and phony. Enjoy!
I am not a Tom Cruise fan.  However, I enjoyed this movie more than I expected.  My one major complaint is that it would have been better, more believable, with an actor of more character and age than Cruise.  He did okay but a more "salty" actor would have given the role a bit more depth.  Cruise plays an Army officer who fought in Civil and Indian wars - not quite sure about both, but in either case, he'd have a bit more crow feet and gray hairs than Cruise.  Otherwise, the pace, character development, etc was good.  The final battle scene was a bit dragged out but I think was done for effect.  One of those movies that makes you ponder the history of the US at the turn of the century - 1800 into 1900 and the roleof US/Japan relations as seen 100 years later.
The Movie, 'The Last Samurai' is meant to provide an epic story of the corruption (Westernization) of Japan during the Meiji Restoration. And just as Kevin Costner 'goes Indian' in DANCES WITH WOLVES, Nathan Algren, played by Tom Cruise, goes 'Japanese'. While portrayed as a historical character, the Civil War veteran and Indian fighter was a completely fictional character.<br /><br />The best part of the movie is Ken Watanabe, who gives an excellent performance portraying Katsumoto, the leader of the Japanese Samurai. Of course, Katsumoto is a fictional character as well.<br /><br />For those of you who are interested, the following is a short survey of the situation in Japan, which the movie attempts to cover.<br /><br />Katsumoto is based upon Saig Takamori, was one of the most influential samurai in Japanese history, who lived during the late Edo Period and early Meiji Era. As a low-level samurai, he was recruited to travel to Edo, modern day Tokyo, to assist Shimazu Nariakira, daimyo of Satsuma han. He was later put in command of over fifty thousand samurai, a large part of the imperial army.<br /><br />Saig initially disagreed with the modernization of Japan and the opening of commerce with the West. He did insist, however, that Japan should go to war with Korea because of their refusal to recognize the legitimacy of the Emperor Meiji as head of state of the Empire of Japan. But because the other leaders of the restoration strongly opposed these plans out of budgetary and cost considerations, Saig resigned and returned to his hometown of Kagoshima.<br /><br />Shortly thereafter, he established a private academy in Kagoshima for the faithful samurai that had also resigned their posts in order to follow him from Tokyo. In 1877, led by Saig, they revolted against the central government (the Satsuma Rebellion), which had just eliminated their rice stipends. The imperial palace had recruited new guards who had previously been rice-growing peasants. They were armed with modern weapons. The samurai, lead by Saig, also being equipped with modern weapons, were able to seriously challenge the imperial army in battle for several months. Badly injured in the hip during the final battle, the Battle of Shiroyama, instead of being killed or captured by the enemy, Saig asked for his head to be cut off by a comrade to preserve his honor. Legend and art show that Saig committed seppuku, a traditional form of suicide.<br /><br />It is actually unknown what the exact style of his death was. The accounts of his subordinates claim either that he up righted himself and committed seppuku after his injury, or that he requested a comrade assist his suicide. In debate, some scholars have suggested that neither is the case, and that Saig may have gone into shock following his wound, losing his ability to speak. Several comrades upon seeing him in this state, would have severed his head, assisting him in the warrior's suicide they knew he would have wished. Later, they would have told that he committed seppuku in order to preserve his status as a true samurai. In any case, the head was hidden by a retainer and never found. This was unsettling to the government, as it was the head that would prove his death in battle. The lack of closure allowed for many folktales to be created, saying that Saig was still alive and plotting revenge.
The best acting from Cruise since Magnolia. Great scenery, wonderful actors, especially magnificent Ken Watanabe. A crucial moment in Japan's history, good action, lots of sincere drama. All these are just trimmings, they would have been enough to make the movie interesting but the movie is not an action, or historical drama, or adventure.<br /><br />The movie is about that sad period of human history when individual values were sacrificed to obedience to orders, personal warrior skill and art replaced with cheap soldier "cannon fodder" mass, indiviudal honor and responsibility gave way to the power of human rabble.<br /><br />It was easier to show on Japan's example but same thing gradually happened in Europe and US as well - it took longer so the change was less stunning, but no less dramatic.<br /><br />The movie for those who still believe in the word "honor", the movie for (who said that great phrase?) "romantics who were mugged by life".
Excellent movie...........I highly recommend anyone who has not seen this movie should see it asap.  You will want to watch this movie more than once.
One of, if not, the best samurai movies ever.  Why do people say Cruise was miss cast, he did a great job and should have been nominated for an oscar.  The movie also should have been nominated for the best picture oscar.  The story was great, very true to the way of the samurai, and very dramatic.  The action was intense and incredible, the ninja attack and the last battle are o so very cool.  The performances were good all around esspecially Tom and Ken.  I give it a 10 out of a 10, because boys and girls movies don't get much better then this.
A very strong movie despite historical inaccurateness and a Hollywood ending.<p>I understand that this movie is not an accurate portrayal of the history of the Samurai or the history of Japan, but I do not believe that that in and of itself makes it a bad movie. For instance, I enjoyed watching &quot;Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot; even though I know people can not fly. Even though I knew when I was watching this film that the historical portrayal was inaccurate, I still found the movie a very entertaining story. And it is my understanding that the making of this film was an attempt to honor the noble life of the Samurai that once existed in Japan.  <p>This is a 2 and 1/2 hour movie that for me went by in what felt like minutes! I was very pleasantly surprised by this movie. I avoided seeing it in the theatre because I really didn't believe it would be so good nor did I think that I could find Tom Cruise believable as a Samurai. I'm not sure that I was ever convinced watching the film that Tom Cruise had truly became a Samurai, but none the less the strong storyline makes this film work! As does the great support acting from Ken Watanabe! And the other Samurai characters are developed enough in the plot that you do care what happens to them and feel sad when they die.<p>I did have a few reservations about the film. Most notable, I was a little disappointed in the ending in that the film had to go completely Hollywood and have the Japanese girl and the white man get together and presumably &quot;live happily ever after&quot;. I thought a much better ending would have been to have Cruise's character die on the battlefield. If he had truly became a Samurai wouldn't he have wanted this as was the fates of the other Samurai?
"The Last Samurai", as mentioned by another reviewer above, has a lot of parallels in movies such as "Dances With Wolves". The whole wash-up, has-been hero finds a new sense of self and identity with people once perceived as "barbarian" or "savage". The theme has been done before and probably will be again.<br /><br />In "The Last Samurai", Capt. Algren is sent to Japan during the tale end of the Meiji Restoration to train the new Imperial Army in modern warfare. Despite the excellent pay, Algren is an alcoholic with some serious personality issues to boot. The new Imperial Army is soon sent into battle with the other problem: a rebel force of samurai led by Katsumoto, (Ken Watanabe). The results are predictably disastrous and Algren is captured alive. The rest of the plot follows a predictable pattern that most will be familiar with.<br /><br />The character of Katsumoto is actually based, albeit very loosely, on a real person whol live during a similar time and fought in Kyushu. The real man was one Saigo Takamori, who also committed seppuku according to legend. He actually died from bullet wounds sustained during his last stand near Kagoshima. A good book about the man is <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0471705373">The Last Samurai: The Life and Battles of Saigo Takamori</a>, which is also an excellent read.<br /><br />Tom Cruise puts in an excellent performance, I have to say, as the dysfunctional Algren. Ken Watanabe is amazing in his protrayal of the samurai rebel leader, Katsumoto, bringing an intensity and depth to the movie that can be lacking in other characters.<br /><br />There are some small issues of error, such as ferns and so on in the forests. Being shot in New Zealand, the movie has some scenery from that country that is visibly not Japanese. However, these points are very small and do not take away from the spectacle of the film and its location.<br /><br />The battle scenes are truly amazing, and well shot. There is enough action and some comic relief to keep everyone pretty well entertained. The cultural differences between Algren and his Japanese hosts are a source of some amusement, especially as the younger samurai take a liking to him. This is despite the regular beatings he receives from older samurai he tries to take on.<br /><br />Despite the predictability of the movie, and the lack of originality in some regards, I thoroughly enjoyed it. I liked the style, the action, and the plot, and came away feeling thoroughly entertained and somewhat moved. I just simply liked the movie as overall, well-presented package.
This is a great movie to show in history classes.  It's a great tool of showing how Japan was "westernized."  The no need for Samurai, the American training of Japanese troops, cannons, guns, the awful machine gun.  Even Western style clothing, electricity, and modernization of mostly everything.  And give you an idea how the samurai and their families lived.<br /><br />Not only is this a great teaching tool but it's great entertainment.  It's not that bad of a movie.  There's a little humor in it and some serious moments where you can actually learn something about life itself.<br /><br />This movie has actually sparked my interest in the Japanese history.  I do believe this movie does open your eyes a little to of pre-modern Japan and the changes Emporer Meiji made.<br /><br />It's a good buy.
As much as I enjoyed this movie, I think everyone should read this:<br /><br />The Last Samurai : The Life and Battles of Saigo Takamori, by Mark Ravina. The real history of the last stand of samurai. The thing to remember is that the romantic image we hold dear doesn't really reflect the reality of samurai. By the way, they prefered to be known as Bushi (Warrior) not Samurai (servant). The ideal we have today is rather the same as the ideal of the Authurian knights. I do admit, I really enjoyed the movie, but I wish sometimes history would be presented a little more often, rather than a story passed off as such. I don't think anyone is trying to fool the audience, after all, we are talking about art here. However, it is a distorted view.
I have wathched this movie and must say that it was great, the dialogue was very nicely  done and the acting was also okay.I am not a movie critique(I personally think they are never satisfied).But I think that before you critique this film I suggest you watch it first fully to understand.Many of the people who critisize this movie do so because they focused on only bits and not the whole picture,(in doing so then all movies are not perfect)--when you read some of the reviews of this movie you will wonder--"to what level should we critique a movie???should we critique the directors own story descisions??--in doing so doesn't that put as above the director and above the story??(the movie stops being the directors movie and hence becomes the movie-critique's movie).This is absurd since the story and drama the director planned to let the audience feel is lost upon the audiences own ignorance to accept what directors work)<br /><br />This movie is about samurai so expect alot of blood and gore.but it still has some good dramatic content to keep you glued to the screen till the end.<br /><br />Basically if want a good story with lots of beatiful scenes and lots of action then watch this film.but if you watch this film like a movie critique looking for small bits to critique then I am afraid no movie will satisfy you.--because if people can critisize such a nice movie what about the ones which really need help????(i do admit there are some which are extremely disappointing but this one is not one of them)--enjoy this movie!!!
In a day of movies based solely on how much special effects they can pack in 2 hours, this is really a different movie. Yes, there are battles with blood spilled all over but this is accessory to the plot. The story is what appealed to me. The old Japan is lost and it is a shame. This revives it and exposes people to the Japanese culture. Being able to turn back the clock and achieve this level of realism and show the lost pride of the Japanese is an  amazing feat. Of course there is a touch of Hollywood but that's ok. Cruise is at his best in this movie surrounded by talented Japanese actors. Ken Watanabe is simply brilliant.
Most people in North America don't know who the Japanese Director Akira Kurosawa is.  Nor do they know much about the Samurai. Many of Hollywood's most recognized filmmakers have been deeply influenced by the Japanese director including, but not limited to, George Lucas, Steven Spielberg, Martin Scorsese and John Woo. Most of Akira's films were about the Samurai and the complex warrior ethos that drove the development of some very meaningful and artistic storylines.<br /><br />I think this movie is a very good introduction to the everyday North American (i.e. white) audience of the Samurai and their warrior culture. There are some things that a Western audience may find difficult to understand or accept, an example being the wife of a fallen Samurai who tends to the wounds of her husband's killer. This is hard for a Western audience to understand, but in a traditional Asian culture, if your parents are dead, then your older brother becomes the moral equivalent of your father and you do what he says, no arguments. Not PC I know, but that was reality back then. Plus, I think the wife knew enough about war, being raised in a Samurai tradition, to know that there was nothing personal in what Algren did.<br /><br />To make a movie with wide appeal, Zwick had to dilute the Japanese culture for wider consumption, kind of like the "green" bottle top soy sauce that's less salty then regular  "red" bottle top soy sauce. However, this had too much of a "crowd pleaser" kind of effect on me, as I wanted to learn more about the Japanese culture at that important time in their history. The makers (and financiers) of this movie decided to entertain first and educate later. However, at least people will get something out of this, instead of just gawking at the natives. The film was beautifully shot, the acting more then adequate, and the period costumes and props were exquisite and extremely accurate.
The Last Samurai is a beautiful film, the kind of epic that David Lean might have made.  The film is true to historical events that happened in Japan during 1876-77.  In particular, meticulous care was taken with the recreation of Tokyo and the clothing that was being worn, traditional Japanese and modern clothing. The clash of tradition versus the influence of the West is sharply portrayed in these contrasts. Like all historical epics, departures and simplifications of the truth have to be made for the sake of a coherent film.  Certainly, there were no Americans fighting along with the samurai but the character of Captain Algren allows us to explore what is going on in Japan from the traditional and modernistic points of view.  What makes The Last Samurai an excellent historical film is what also makes for a great historical novel: sticking close to historical facts, knowing the details of the society your characters are living in and developing a believable and interesting story.  The story of The Last Samurai fulfills all of this for me.<br /><br />Edward Zwick has captured some excellent performances.  Tom Cruise as Captain Algren has a truly memorable performance, one that he trained for several months to deliver.  I must confess that I was not a early fan of Tom Cruise but his work in recent years has been impressive and in this film he truly becomes the character he is portraying. Ken Watanabe is wonderful as Kasumoto, loosely based on the life of Saigo Takamori, capturing the essence of the duty of a samurai and also the contemplative side of a warrior.  The talk of his writing a poem on a blossom reminded me that prior to the real battle depicted in the film the warriors spent the night before engaged in writing poetry.  The performances by the supporting cast are excellent.  Of special note is Koyuki (playing Taka, Kasumoto's sister) who must care for the man who killed her husband and who gradually finds herself falling in love.  Her sensitive performance is one of the highlights of the film.  Shin Koyamada, who plays Kasumoto's son Nobutada, brings pathos to his character, particularly in the scene where he is humiliated by Japanese soldiers for being dressed as a samurai.<br /><br />The battle sequences were carefully stage with an eye for authenticity and the village where Algren is kept a prisoner was so meticulously constructed that the Japanese extras were struck by its resemblance to the villages where they grew up.<br /><br />The cinematography is very impressive and the music by Hans Zimmer beautifully builds the mood.  The DVD has some wonderful supplemental pieces that explain various aspects of the production of the film. The Last Samurai is a film that will be highly regarded years from now as among the best Hollywood has produced.
This is a great movie.  Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, and the rest of the cast play their parts perfectly.  This movie is more than just some excellent battle scenes.  It's about two completely different peoples learning about eachother while incresingly understanding and accepting a way of life that is not their own.  Oh, and there ARE some great battle scenes.<br /><br />I was a little sceptical when I was about to watch this the first time, but it blew my expectations away, and I loved it.  Very few movies can bring this man to tears, but the end of this movie accomplished just that.  Do yourself a favor and get a copy of this powerful film.
I know what you're thinking: Another simple Tom Cruise character in a simple plot. Yes, at first glance the film isn't promising. The plot, although based on some real events, is clich&eacute;d struggle by a small band against overwhelming odds. After the first glance the outlook brightens, the Cruise character, Nathan Algren, doesn't lead the small band or even effect course of the action much. The result is a Tom Cruise film that doesn't revolve around Tom Cruise and in which Cruise does some genuine acting.<br /><br />One reason Cruise fairs so well is Algren, traumatized and haunted, doesn't have the usual cocky bluster that Cruise relies on so much. The end result is not a stellar performance but may be one of his better ones. Additionally Cruise isn't the real star here, the rest of the mostly Japanese cast is. The Japanese cast are veteran actors but unknown outside of Japan. The cinematography also really stands out. Beautiful outdoor settings in both Japan and New Zealand where shot with care. The music is mix of John Williams-type orchestral arraignments with a Japanese influence.<br /><br />The lack of real antagonist is the one major flaw. Enlisted to stand in for one, are several characters proposing to change Japan into a more modern country similar to the US and Europe, but this is never developed well so it seems the small band of Samari are fighting against, well, something. This contrasts with the real events with a real effort to push the Samari out of their powerful influence in feudal Japan. Since this the conflict is mostly neglected the movie is forced the point out the differences in not-too-subtle ways even giving one central character an 'evil guy' goatee.<br /><br />The Director's Commentary track is good and serviceable but it's just that, the Director's Commentary. Alone the director covers as many topics as possible but the track isn't as broad as commentaries that include other crew members with other specialties. There also isn't any discussion that can make some commentaries so enjoyable. The other special features are a disappointment. Several of the 'documentaries' consist of Cruise and/or the director talking about how great the movie is. The two technical features about wardrobe and weapons are ridiculously short at about five minutes each.<br /><br />And the overwhelming odds plot? That can end in only one of two ways: The small band manages to win or is wiped out out to the last man.  While you'll have to see for yourself which way this film ends, it does have more going for it than a clich&eacute;d plot.
Many have seen this wonder of a movie.  If you don't have the DVD 2 disk version, then you are missing out on so much more.  The first disc has the movie and right after that they have the full movie again but this time with the directors commentary on every aspect of the film as it plays.  The second disk has special features including interviews with the actors and what I think is worth the price of the DVD by itself: The code of the Samurai.  The meaning and essential core of Bushido - what has guided generations of Japanese - is exemplified in these writings.  We, in America, living in an age of twisted values and dishonor - the Code of the Samurai is a necessary template for our youth.<br /><br />Ken Watanabe, along with the many Japanese actors, are supurb.  The woman who plays Taka displays the epitomy of feminine beauty and grace.<br /><br />Warning to all men:  She will steal your heart.<br /><br />Another especially notable scene is when Tom Cruise holds the 8 year old boy as he grieves for what he believes to be the last time he shall see the paternal figure that Tom Cruise had come to be for him - tears shall flow.  It is very touchingly done - you cannot help but feel the pain - for parents - your paternal and maternal instincts will emerge and highten.  This movie - more than any I have seen - incorporates the Japanese spirit and what we in America must instill in our children if they are to have a chance against the selfish and hedonistic "values" and examples that inundate our media.<br /><br />Love, Courage, Loyalty and above all - Honor....this movie is a shinning example.  The quality of the essentials of movie making are already legendary in this movie.  Buy it for the values that this movie so beautifully demonstrates.
It's really 90/100<br />No, it's no way near perfect b/c Hollywood made this film.<br /><br />Why you'd wannna buy it:<br /><br />1. One of the best battle scenes ever (at the Lord of the Rings/Braveheart/Glory level)<br /><br />2. It's an epic; it's something new-no gladiators/american wars<br /><br />3. Sad as HELL! I'm not gonna blow anything away yet<br /><br />4. Superb performance by Wantanabe, Cruise-what can I say? The guy can ACT!<br /><br />Why some ppl. didn't like it:<br /><br />1. VERY VERY inaccurate. Please don't study for the World History China/Japan test using details from this film. The Saurai are misrepresented as pure good guys and the Japanese govt. as pawns for the US. Not true!<br /><br />2. Time inconsistency- samurai techniques that took years to master can now be done by Cruise in less than a year<br /><br />3. First 15 minutes of the movie, a guy kicks Samurai [...]. Later, he can't even touch them in a practice fight! Adrenaline? Go figure...<br /><br />Overall-despite its flaws, it ranks #9 in my Personal Favorites b/c I'm an epic lover (the Lord of the Rings, Lawrence of Arabia, Braveheart, Gladiator, Glory, Spartacus, Patriot, etc.) It has great costumes, excellent cinematography, solid acting with honorable mention to Wanatanbe, and is just a great movie.
Good costumes, terrific and brutal battle scenes in a breath-taking sequence which often resembles "Braveheart" and a few hints of the samurai tradition, but the final result is rather mediocre, because the story itself has a weak historical foundation and little relation to reality. I can hardly imagne rebel samurais slaying so remorselessly their brethren who serve in the national Japanese Army, and 19th century was certainly not like the 16th century ("the golden age of Japan") when the rival warlords were fighting each other in an endless series of savage but highly ritual battles. Edward Zwick's work is a good "modern" action movie but certainly not a classic. The obvious lack of authenticity leaves the film with only 3 stars. It is no match for Kurosawa's epic films.
Do you imagine the awful scenes of what it meant the invassion of the German Panzers in Polland Sepember 1 1939 when the resistance fought ridden on horses?<br />Well , this was the impression i reminded on the last sequence of this film .<br />The Last Samurai is a brave film that reveals the significance of the honor in the Samurai culture .<br />The script is very related in conceptual approach to Dance with wolves in which nathan concerns . He is an antihero a man committed with nothing except himself . He is a haughty man . A mercenary without scruples who accidentally will discover a new world and will receive a slap in the facewhen he discovers the ancient traditions of this warriors .<br />The ideological conflict between the ancestral ways of life and the modernity tradition will become in the central nervous of the film .<br />Ken Watanabe perfomance is the most remarkable character of this film . Filmed as a Sumphony in four moments , retains its interest all along the film except the conclusion , its only fault .<br />Do you really expect that the hero presence after the battle is necesary ? Do you imagine a hero being interviewed , and telling his old memories for instance? Is the last goal of a warrior to be happy ?<br />This resolution final twists a wondeful film loaded with epic spirit .<br />But if you miss this little detail you will be rewarded by far with this picture .<br />Superb art direction and special effects .
If you are in to movies like Spartacus, Braveheart and Gladiator, then this should be on your list of movies to check out. The Last Samurai is about a captain, played by Tom Cruise, from the US army in the late 1800s that is sent to Japan to train soldiers in the way of modern warfare. Tom Cruise's character ends up getting captured by the enemy, who are a civilization of samurai warriors who have chosen to uphold the ancient traditions of Japan.<br /><br />Throughout the movie, there is a conflict of interest between the new and old traditions and it is interesting to see the ways of the samurai throughout the film. There are both small fights and epic battles, both of which are done very well and are very entertaining to watch. Through all of the culture, battles and story line is some amazing cinematography. On top of that, the acting was superb.<br /><br />The Last Samurai is very entertaining and interesting movie that is solid from start to finish and fits in nicely with any collection of epic style movies.
I enjoyed the movie. The sets and scenary were beautiful. The acting was excellent. Tom Cruise created a complex character. The battle scenes were reminscent of Braveheart. The comparison to &quot;Dancing with Wolves&quot; is fairly accurate. Both movies argue the thesis that other cultures are inherently superior morally and spiritually to the spiritually bankrupt Western European/United States culture. There was a lot of spurting blood. The fight scene between ninjas and Samurai was good.  <p>The clash of cultures was interesting. I do not know enough about the history of this period to judge its historical accuracy. I know the broad strokes were true. The Japanese Emperor hired Civil War veterans to modernize his armies and the Emperor had to put down the Ronans because they refused to modernize. There are probably far better Japanese movies of the period. <p>My main gripe about the movie was the ending. The movie went on too long. I enjoyed the movie, but the ending left a bad taste in my mouth.
I really enjoyed it. I love historical movies of any kind and although this was a somewhat romanticized view of the historical events that occured, i still thought it was a very good film. I also bought the soundtrack-it was excellent.
I cannot say enough about this movie. A lot of people were turned off before they even saw it because Tom Cruise plays a samurai. I say their loss. This was a fantastic story about a man whose past haunts him. He plays an American soldier who is captured by the enemy whose culture he is supposed to be helping destroy and the experience changes his life forever. The story was fantastic, the scenery was gorgeous, the costumes were exquisite, the acting was phenomenal. This movie is definitely on my 10 best of 2004.
There's a cast of thousands and millions of dollars invested in this epic and it will probably pay off for Hollywood.  The theme is an inspiring one too.  It's set in the late 19th Century, where Tom Cruise, a veteran of the Civil War as well as some cruel Indian massacres, goes to Japan to train the Emperor's army against the Samurai so that Japan can modernize.  That's an oversimplification of this politically correct story for which I have seen no claims of being historically accurate.<p> <p>Soon, Cruise is captured by the Samurai and, learns to respect them.  Ken Watanabe is the Samurai leader who believes in honor and all that other good stuff as compared to the avaricious Americans.  There's excellent cinematography of a Japan that no longer exists and well-orchestrated battle scenes that are spectacular and bloody.  And, not surprising, I felt no emotion other than to marvel at the great costuming and special effects.<p> <p>This is the third film about Japan I've seen in the last few weeks.  Clearly, it is the weakest.  It's not that it's not well done.  It is.  But it's basically a genre film that cost big bucks.  <p> <p>It's fine escape fiction though.  The sets are great.  And you'll be entertained.  Mildly recommended.
When I rented this, I made sure my family wasn't home, because my younger siblings weren't allowed to see rated R fims. But this movie is, in my opinion, good for the whole family, if you don't mind, bloody action sequences. The fighting choreography was brilliant. All the actors play their parts really well, and after each fight, you are left hanging for more. One part I didn't like, is when they are breaking Katsumoto out of jail, and soldiers are shooting the guns, at Cruise and other Samurais, the soldiers hit one person, while the samurai's arrows hit their mark every time. This kind of takes the essence away from stronger weapons. Other than that this movie was spectacular, story wise and action wise.
The dream: Katsumoto, a rebellion leader whose only interest was to obtain a free Japan. he beleived that Japan should be governed by Japanese cultures and ideologies than Western. In my opinion, this movie opened my eyes showing me that culture is very important in our society because it protects and prevails our natural rights. "I'm not critizing others who emphasize more on the characters than the moral and cultural message of the movie". In the same way, this movie was presented as a historical "tale", where protectors (samuraies) waere considered protectors and regulators of the Japanese Empire. I gave this movie 5 thumbs up becuase it reflects what Japan was, is and will be. By the way, the most interesting about this movie is that it does not contain sexual scenes most likely others. :)
I am NOT a Tom Cruise fan. That explains why I waited until the DVD release to rent it on Netflix. That was a mistake because this epic is all that. Maybe it is my clarity on the context surrounding the participants that caused me to be so engrossed.<br /><br />I wonder how many of you are aware that the three leading industrial powers at the turn of the 20th century where Britian, Germany and Japan? Isn't it ironic that the US was not one of the elite? What is amazing is the instantaneous metamorphosis of Japan from a feudal society to a major industrial power. The setting  of this movie is about the transition from "the old ways to the new ways."<br /><br />Tom Cruise plays Captain Nathan Algren, formerly of the 7th Calvary, sent to Japan to train the Emperor's army in western warfare tactics. This would be the infamous Custer's calvary. The Custer who opened up "Thieves Road" to the Black Hills. The same calvary that went looking for one helpless Native American village too many. The Captain left the calvary before its demise at Little Big Horn. He is imbued with nightmares from the massacre of the Southern Cheyenne. This is the first historically accurate portrayal of Custer EVER by Hollywood.<br /><br />These two contexts are the heart of this movie and it is amazing to see how a cowboy becomes an indian. Cruise isn't bad in this movie but I'm not raving about it because of him. The Japanese actors are absolutely engrossing in their first film before western audiences. They are credible and believable and there is a complete absence of the overacting ubiquitious in so many films. Ken Watanabe has the key role as the Last Samurai leader, Katsumoto, who is dedicated heart and soul to the code of bushido. He is also the heart and soul of this movie. Shin Koyamada plays Nobutada, the son of Katsumoto and is unforgettable. We are also introduced to a captivatingly beautiful actress Koyuki, who plays the sister of Katsumoto and wife of a samurai slain by Algren.<br /><br />There are so many great lines and enveloping dialogue but the best is when Cruise character tells Colonel Bagley:<br /><br />"You want me to kill THE ENEMIES of Jappos, I'll kill THE ENEMIES of Jappos... Rebs, The Souix, The Cheyenne... For $500 a month I'll kill whoever you want. But keep one thing in mind, I'd gladly kill you for free."<br /><br />This movie is about duty and honor and being faithful to these principles. It is also about the power of redemption that can be acheived by commiting to these values. This makes a great double feature along with Kurosawa's Ran. It is the first Tom Cruise movie that I've ever purchased!
Throw in a wolf and some blue face paint and that's pretty much what you've got: Dances with Wolves meets Braveheart. Civil war soldier thrown into the culture of his enemy mixed with a social class fighting for their right to exist. <p>Aside from the derivative nature of the movie (and the music; it was at times note for note The Thin Red Line, but they were both done by Hans Zimmer so at least in his case he was ripping himself), it was actually a pretty good film. Tom Cruise carries the film brilliantly and outshines any other cast member by far, partly because his character was the only one that was shown to develop.<p>The message of the film is a very positive one, that of honor and courage, even in the face of unbeatable odds, a code almost completely foreign to the average American. Even with this, it's a still a somewhat depressing film, watching the demise of an ancient and majestic society, which was traded in for the pop culture of the West.<p>At times the action was a little overwhelming for this type of film. At one point there was an attack from ninjas that almost degenerated into Kill Bill Vol. 1 - a little too much ninja for the epic journey film maybe. The last criticism is a technical one - while the cinematography was wonderful, the sets were not. There are times, mostly at the beginning when we see shots of San Francisco, and then a distance shot of Mt. Fuji, that it looks less real than a Bob Ross painting. I really wouldn't have expected this from such a high budget film.
The Last Samurai has all the right ingredients of a modern day masterpiece, it's ultimate flaw however is it's too predictable Hollywood components.  The story revolves around tormented Civil War veteran Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) who is coerced to train the Japanese Emperor's troops in the use of modern western weaponry.  Standing in the way is a rebellion of samurai warriors led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe in his Oscar nominated role) who refuse to let go of their honorable traditions despite being at a disadvantage.  When Algren is captured, he learns and eventually adopts the way of the samurai; culminating in a would be epic battle that ends with a whimper.  It seemed screenwriter John Logan had bigger plans, but the Hollywood conventions injected here from director Edward Zwick and Cruise hamper what could have been something really special.  That aside though, the Last Samurai is still a great film, and Cruise and Watanabe are brilliant when both share the screen.  All in all, despite it's shortcomings, the Last Samurai is a wonderful film.
I enjoyed &quot;The Last Samurai&quot; as a piece of epic entertainment, but it misses true greatness by at least a mile. The movie might best be described as a hybrid of &quot;Dances With Wolves&quot; and &quot;Braveheart,&quot; with maybe a little &quot;Gladiator&quot; thrown in. I kept feeling like I'd seen this movie before.<p>Actually, the movie works best when it's in &quot;Dances&quot; mode, chronicling the adventures of a depressed white Civil War hero (Cruise in the Costner role) who adopts the lifestyle and teachings of a threatened civilization and ends up defending said civilization against encroaching white society. This is the most compelling aspect of the movie, even though its structure is borrowed whole from a film that most people now claim to despise because of its &quot;political correctness.&quot;<p>Cruise is very good as Nathan Algren, the alien in 19th century Japan, caught in the middle of a civil war of another kind, between ancient Samurai warriors and a government seeking to &quot;modernize&quot; itself with weapons imported from the U.S. He's bested by Ken Watanabe as a Samurai tribal chief interested in learning the ways of his enemy. Algren eventually becomes an honorary Samurai himself and fights against his own people, in a climactic battle lifted entirely from &quot;Braveheart.&quot;<p>Most of the action scenes are exciting, and there's plenty of Bushido lore and swordplay to keep Samurai enthusiasts happy. The photography is gorgeous, too. But it's still Hollywood's idea of an alien culture, a story told through the eyes of a white man who, by definition, can never fully experience the culture which the movie itself so desperately wants us to understand.
I saw this movie in the theatre and loved it-- action, drama, history, it had it all. Tom Cruise was excellent, oscar worthy in my opinion, but the costars also gave powerful performances. I am buying this movie on DVD when it is released!
Ive never been much of a Tom Cruise fan untill i went to see this film. What can i say but an all action film just brilliant tom should win an oscar.
In THE LAST SAMURAI, Tom Cruise plays Nathan Algren, a self loathing, alcoholic, Civil War vet just fired from giving demonstrations of Winchester rifles. A former comrade (Billy Connolly) gets him a job training the new Japanese Army to fight against the samurai, who are rebelling against moderization. Algren is captured by the samurai and becomes an ally of Katsumoto (Ken Wantanabe), the samurai leader.<br />I'm not a huge Cruise fan, but I do think this is one of his better performances. He seems to have a knack for displaying self-disgust (MAGNOLIA) and he taps into it here. The film's first act is its strongest part. Cruise is believably decrepit, and the opening battle, where the samurai swoop down on the frightened Japanese soldiers, is haunting. Indeed all of the action scenes are very well put together.<br />In the film's middle section, Cruise learns how wonderful it is to be Japanese and follow the way of the Samurai. This seems to consist of walking around, meditating, and practicing swordfighting. Cruise and Wantanabe have several metaphysical conversations, and Wantanabe performs with wonderful wit and economy, but nothing happens for far too long.<br />THE LAST SAMURAI is entertaining, if a bit bloated, and contains several superior action sequences.
1876 in Japan, an American soldier named Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) has been hired by the Emperor Meijii to train some Japanese soldiers to fight against the savage Samurai. He does get captured by the Samurai leader Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) while in battle as he is brought to their village, Nathan begins to learn the ways of their life and even becomes one of the people for 2 years as learns to switch sides to fight on their side for honor and love.<br /><br />An amazing and sweeping old fashioned epic historical fiction drama from the director of the modern classic "Glory" Edward Zwick is one of the decade's best pictures. Co-starring Tony Goldwyn, Billy Connelly and Hiroyuki Sanada Koyuki this is a well made and violent adventure film that has a familar old story. Although very similar to films like "Man Named Horse", "Dances with Wolves", "Lawrence of Arabia" or "Last of the Mohicans" this one takes the old story of those to Japan instead of being in the western times or the French-Indian war or Arabia. The acting is flawless as is the direction, the action sequences are gory and well made and the photography is just stunning as is Han Zimmer's score.<br /><br />This Blu-Ray offers quality picture in a great transfer that looks fresher and the sound is good as well and the extras include audio commentary, History Channel Documentary: Hollywood vs. History, 4 featurettes, deleted scenes, Japan premiere and trailer.
For the first hour and forty minutes this is a near faultless film which examines the very heart of the human soul. Cruise plays a brilliant US army soldier, Captain Algren who has seen one too many battles and is haunted by the horrific injustices dealt to the American Indians by himself and his fellow US soldiers.<br /><br />He is offered a large sum of money to train the Japanese army so that it can fight the last of the rebel Samurai tribes. In the opening battle he is captured by the Samurai and it is then that he can see the parallel with the Indians and eventually switches sides. All this is beautifully filmed and some of the scenes in the Samurai village, when Captain Algren is gradually adapting to the Samurai way of life reminded me of Kevin Costners Dances with Wolves.<br /><br />I am not especially a fan of Tom Cruise but he is good in this. However it is Ken Watanabe as the Samurai leader Katsumoto who shines throughout the film. In supporting roles Billy Connelly and Timothy Spall are both<br />very good.<br /><br />Sadly in the last half hour the film lost a lot of credibility for me, hence I have only given it four stars. Without giving away the ending I can't be specific in my criticism of this part, but suffice to say I wish the writers had come up with something better and more believable!<br /><br />Overall though its a very good film, which I think will improve on 2nd and 3rd viewings.
This is a must have for any fan of samurai period drama, and now with the advanced Blu-ray tecnology it's even better. As a fan of Japanese culture and history, this film holds up fairly well. Tom Cruise's is somewhat typical for him...a bit over the top, but bearable.<br /><br />There was a nice transition from languages to illustrate his communication with the Japanese samurai. I still would have preferred Cruise learning the language and seeing it almost entirely subtitled, but that's not a viable approach for Hollywood. Nevertheless, the director did a good job of capturing the culture. Even though I tend to be a purist, it's possible to watch this film and be entertained, despite some inaccuracies.<br /><br />This is more a review of the movie itself rather than the disk, sorry! It has some nice extra features and enhancements over the original DVD version.
My profile 43 yo no qualifications as a movie critic<br /><br />Browsing through the reviews (there is just too many), I stopped after finding out one reviewer who reflected on why this movie was not that popular in the US and why it it was almost not mentioned in the Oscar (that was my impression at least).. Well, the reviewer said something about the view of the "whiteman's burden" made have caused unpleasant reactions.. that could be part of the reason, but my opinion is, the movie was released at a bad political timing and was censored by Hollywood as part of the "Patriot" canpaign designed at getting moral support to the invasion of Irak<br /><br />Now you may label me now as a "conspiracy paranoid", but let me deliniate some aspects too see if they are not logical.. in the movie, americans go to Japan as mercenaries with a agenda of opening the big arms trade with imperial Japan.. to make matters worse, an ethical crisis occurs to the character of Tom Cruise.. an actor who is still remembered as a patriotic pilot who shot down those dreaded MICs in "Top Gun" ( a movie destined to make the public feel good at their defense expenditure)... talk about a bad timing to reflect and see that your goverment; not only sends you to genocide the american indians, now its time to continue somewhere else!! and what's even worse, he joins the other side!!, not exactly the kind of attitude you need on the troop morale sent to invade Irak under weak grounds.. hell, was it not enough the catharsis done by all those Vietnam movies? (where Tom Cruise did a Nam veteran).. well that was then this is now... lets face it.. why such an epic movie, a superb production and  what I consider Cruise's pass to inmortality in the world of true films, was given a "foreign movie" treatment??!!<br /><br />Perhaps after the dust settles and a new peace period begins, this movie can be seen in its proper context..
Call it "Dances with Asians" or "Japaneseheart," Edward Zwick's "The Last Samurai" suffers from a near-fatal case of seen-it-before-itis.  If the "I haven't figured out the right dose of Ritalin to take yet" presence of Tom Cruise grates on your nerves as much as it does mine, you'll be pleasantly surprised to find that he at times gives a measured and even subtle performance as a shell-shocked cavalry officer prostituting himself to teach the Japanese military the brutally efficient techniques of Western warfare.  His supporting cast of talented Asian actors is better, though even Ken Watanabe, who at times resembles Lawrence Fishburne in expression and intensity, is no Toshiro Mifune.  Where the movie breaks down is with John Logan's shallow script, which like most Western films about the East, implies complexity mostly by making Asians esoteric and tight-lipped; but for all of the posturing, there is no real wisdom offered in a story meant to explore culture clash.  Instead, viewers are distracted by battle scenes that probably would have seemed grand had the aforementioned films (with corrected titles), as well as "Gladiator" and "The Last of the Mohicans," not beaten this one to the punch.  Zwick even plagiarizes his own film, the much better "Glory," and fans of Hans Zimmer's "The Thin Red Line" soundtrack will be pleased to note that some of it seems to make its way into this film.  All in all, "The Last Samurai" isn't a bad film.  With an attractive cast and nods to historical authencity, such as ill-fitting uniforms, it's also not bad to look at, even if some suspiciously modern looking powerlines turn up in one scene.  It's just that we've seen most of it already.
How come, when all the people get cut down in a full charge INTO a huge array of guns, Tom Cruise lives?  That's crap.  Anything to have a Hollywood, idiot ending, I guess.  It's a suicide charge, yet our guy goes back to his little darlin' afterwards.  What a load of crap!  Thanks.
I'm not a Tom Cruise fan. Actually the opposite is true. Also, knowing something of the Samurai and Samurai swordcraft, I automatically zoom in on the flaws and inconsistencies in those areas. This doesn't matter in movies like ZATOICHI, which are definitely tongue-in-cheek, but in something more serious like TLS it matters.<br /><br />So I found myself pleasantly surprised that not only did I not mind Tom Cruise so much (after the first 15 minutes or so, where he overdoes the 'Tom Cruise' bits) and the sword work (bokken and shinken) was handled with an acceptable degree of authenticity. The movie also paid suitable homage to the Samurai, who on one hand carried with them the whole baggage of a feudal repressive culture, but who also embodied much of what one might call the 'spirit of Japan'. It's an ambiguous situation, where nothing's all good or bad, but when it ends like it did end there's a lot of pathos and sadness, no matter WHAT the merits or not.<br /><br />This was well-handled and the movie made a real impact - on this reviewer anyway.<br /><br />Till Noever<br />Author: KEAEN, SELADIENNA, CONTINUITY SLIP<br />owlglass.com
MOVIE: This film was one of the surprises for me of 2003. I saw Tom Cruise playing in this Samurai genre film that looked very bad. I was the victim of bad marketing. The trailer does not show what the movie is truly about. This film is a wonderful exploration of interaction among societies and how the world as a diverse planet can learn from one another. The film was excellent because it really showed the audience about Samurai life and built on the characters and their ideologies. We learn through watching how a Samurai grows up trained to obey the emperor and lives by honor. Through the intense character development comes the importance of the ending. Cruise also gave a good performance but as you've all heard, Ken Watanabe steals the show. Hans Zimmer's score also brought the movie to life as does all of his incredible scores for their movies. The Last Samurai does however becomes the victim of Hollywood cinema. The film is not all historically accurate, but then again the purpose of the film isn't really to be a documentary, but more of a character exploration. This is a movie that is a little gem, not a masterpiece, but not something you want to throw away.<p>VIDEO: The only problem with this transfer is a little grain here and there, but overall a nice effort by Warner. There is also the flaw of some blurring during fast paced scenes. <p>AUDIO: The disc has a Dolby 5.1 track and is pretty clean but not as good as it should be.<p>PACKAGING / EXTRAS: The disc comes in a standard two disc Amaray case (I love two disc sets from warner cause they can't put them in snapper cases). The extras include a 13 minute featurette about Tom Cruise and his experience making the film, Edward Zwick's directors journal a 26 minute featurette, a conversation with Zwick and Cruise, History vs. Hollywood a 22 minute special from the history channel, a production design featurette, a costume featurette, two deleted scenes, and footage from the premieres in Japan, and trailers for the film. Overall a nice heft sack of goodies but I wish they had a featurette dedicated to Hans Zimmer's score since it was very well done.<p>Movie Score: (4 Stars / 5 Stars)<br />DVD Score: (8 / 10)
Comparisons to "Dances with wolves" apart, "The last samurai" is a very enjoyable movie. Tom Cruise, maybe in his best performance ever, plays Nathan Algren, a veteran of the Civil War that now lives in oblivion as an alcoholic ad-boy for a weapons company. He's invited to Japan to train the Imperial Army against a bunch of rogue samurai. The Imperial Army represents the new Japan (in 1876), a nation that has turned its eyes to the western world. The samurai represent the old japanese style, fighting without fire weapons, living a life of discipline, simplicity, commitment and respect for the nature, etc. <p>This clash of so different cultures is what makes this movie interesting. Besides, there are many dialogues spoken in japanese (what helps create the correct atmosphere), the costumes and figurines are excellent, and the battle scenes, that some people found to be not well-represented and slow, caught my attention every time. <p>Not only Tom Cruise is good, though a little too intense; the girl Koyuki and, especially, this amazing actor Ken Watanabe play their parts with a tremendous ease and desenvolture, giving us, westerners, a glimpse of what japanese culture is (or was). <p>OK, the script is Hollywood from beginning to end, but, nonetheless, Edward Zwick did a competent job, just like he did in another exceptional movie, "Glory". I did not enoy "The las samurai" because of its story, but because its very well enacted, colorful and it portraits one of the most interesting cultures in the world. Maybe something that helped me like this movie is the fact that I've never watched (and I'm ashamed to say so) an Akira Kurosawa movie. <p>Grade 8.7/10
As a movie, this title earns 5 stars, as a blu-ray, it earns one. I can honestly say that this is possibly one of the worst quality blu-ray movies I've viewed. It is a simple, unashamed upmix from the DVD. I own the DVD, so as a test I compared the blu ray and the DVD upmixed by a PS3. The DVD looked better. The blue ray has so much film grain that the black areas are completely overrun by blue pixelation. I will cede that the blu-ray has a Dolby HD soundtrack, but you wont care because the visual presentation is so poor.<br /><br />Bottom line: if you have the DVD keep it and enjoy it. If you are buying this movie for the 1st time.... buy on blu-ray at your own risk.
One of history's great ironies is that the machine gun was designed with the goal of making war more humane.  This is an expression of a reality that the makers of The Last Samurai seem to be highly aware of: that &quot;progress&quot; is a relative term, and technology brings as much woe as it does improvement.<p>At the film's opening, ex-Civil War hero Capt. Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is a minion of the world of technology.  Specifically, he works for the Winchester gun company, halfheartedly promoting the high-tech repeater rifle.  One man in the crowd, noticing that Algren is clearly unfit to be a corporate performer, introduces him to Omura, a Japanese official visiting the United States.<p>In the end, he accepts a well-paying post as trainer for the Imperial Japanese army, which is engaged in keeping down a rebellion lead by Katsumoto (played with genius by Ken Watanabe), former tutor to the Emperor and leader of a small band of samurai who reject the Western improvements which the Emperor is introducing to Japan.<p>Unfortunately, the Imperial regiment is sent out prematurely, and the samurai have no difficulty scattering it.  Algren is captured and taken to a mountain hideout of the samurai, where he spends the winter as a prisoner.  He is cared for by the widow Taka (played by the arresting Koyuki -- why hasn't Hollywood seen more of her?) and eventually is drawn into a series of penetrating conversations with Katsumoto.  As time passes, director Zwick and his talented cast paint an absolutely enthralling picture of a society governed by discipline, tradition, and a sort of Zen stoicism that Algren begins to love.  I am no student of Japanese culture, so whether this picture is in any way accurate, I do not know.  I feel it is more important as iconography than as history, however.<p>Predictably, Algren throws in his hat with the samurai, learning Japanese and the expert use of the ever-important katana.  But then, to his secret dismay, he is given safe conduct back to Tokyo and prepares to return home.  But before the end he returns to the samurai village via some incredible swordplay, in time to take part in the final battle.  And by the way, the scene wherein he is armed by Taka in her deceased husband's armour, though completely chaste, is one of the most truthful and moving scenes of sensuality I have ever seen, largely due to the subtle and wordless acting of Koyuki.<p>Though the movie stars Cruise and, as many reviewers have pointed out, Watanabe ends up stealing the show, I think the underlying protagonist and antagonist of this film are cultures: on the one hand, the old, spiritual samurai culture --i.e. the soul of Japan -- and on the other hand, the efforts at modernization spearheaded by Omura and funded by America.  Since the sympathy is so clearly with the samurai, the film becomes a reactionary piece, perhaps even Luddite.  Clearly, samurai culture was not all about discipline, poetry, and spiritual meditation, nor was America just a merchant nation happy to sell instruments of death for profit.  But as I mentioned earlier, the iconography is much more important than the actual history; the point here is that what we see as progress can often kill the soul and mutilate the body, and the ways and wisodm of those who came before us should not be rejected in favor of technology.<p>This is, after all, a classic theme with plenty of resonance, so it ends up working very well and not feeling too heavy-handed.  And in the final battle, the iconography is emphasized to the point that it cannot be missed: the machine-gun comes into the forefront as the incarnation of modernity at its deadliest.  These scenes, with their slow-motion machine-gun fire and lack of sound or music, strangely reminded me of a completely displaced Road to Perdition.  Here the cinematography becomes quite stunning, and the power of the symbolism is undeniable.<p>In the end, this is a classic tale of tradition fighting against the overwhelming tide of modernity.  It correctly identifies the Good Life as something non-material, and then creates a drama out of men fighting and dying to preserve this life.  Since the film portrays classic themes and boasts a cast able to bring the themes to life with a considerable degree of success, The Last Samurai rates five stars.
A beautiful tale of a man finding redemtion in an unlikely plave....but the beauty of Zwicks battles and scenery are overshadowed by a typically hollywood liberla anit-American view. SOMEHOW in the background of Japan becoming a modern society, and ending centuries of Feudalism, the United States become the BAY GUY. Japanese serfs, striving for freedom, are not the Enemy. Samurai opressors are not the Enemy. 1 whiteman is the enemy. 1 American is the enemy. it's all summed up on the eve of the battle between the modern serf army and the traditional samurai army, when asamurai child ask's Tom Cruise "Will you fight the WHITE MEN"? Of course there is only ONE whiteman. And the whole army of dirty serfs struggling to breathe free is irrelevent. It's the white American's fault. Centuries of feudalist opression is summed up into "ONE WHITE MAN". 5 stars for battle scenes and general movie macgic. -1 for silly political ideology where it does not belong and is totally out of context.
"The Last Samurai" is, without a doubt, one of the finest action epics thatI have seen ever since "Braveheart"! "The Last Samurai" is one of those rare films that combine a sweeping, heroic epic with an intimate, extremely poignant personal story of love, honor, and tenderness. The direction of Edward Zwick ("Glory", "Courage Under Fire") was top-notch and powerful! And the performance of superstar Tom Cruise ("Minority Report") was unforgettable! Surely one of the best Tom Cruise performances since "Top Gun"!<p>The film focuses on Nathan Algren (Cruise), a decorated war hero (from the war against the American Indians) now drunkenly relegated to showing off new gun technology at expositions. Algren is offered handsome compensation to leave the States and help bring Japan into the modern age of guns and to suppress a revolt of nontechnological samurai making trouble in the hinterlands. During a raid that is botched by unready troops, Algren is captured but not before managing to cleverly kill off one of the most accomplished samurai. The samurai lord, Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), is impressed with Algren's magificent fighting spirit and resourcefulness and decides to nurse him back to health so that he might learn more about his enemy.<p>The premise revealed. I will skip the rest of the plot, saying only that it is inevitable that Algren comes to respect and then love the ways of his captors and becomes himself an accomplished warrior in their disciplined traditions. He soon allies himself against his former compatriots and must learn what true honor is and how both life and death can help one reach his destiny. Essentially, and I do not say this casually, this film is "Dances with Wolves" set among the Japanese "other" rather than the American "other".<p>The film started like a Tom Cruise movie, stopped being one for a fascinating hour or so, and then returned to its Hollywood roots. When we first see Cruise, he is doing his trademark Cruise acting: slightly over the top in his anger, drunkenness, and overall swagger. However, once Algren is abducted, we get to see some really nice stuff. Thank goodness for the strength and charisma of his co-star, Ken Watanabe as Katsumoto. Watanabe is as focused and economical an actor I have seen in some time and manages to communicate more rage, love, or concern in a steely glance than Cruise can with a monologue's worth of bluster.<p>It's great watching Algren and Katsumoto (and incidentally, Cruise and Watanabe) learn from each other and settle each other down. Cruise is at his best here when he's 'listening', when someone else is driving the scene. I dare say even that he's better when speaking his scant lines of Japanese than those in English because it forces him most convinvingly out of his element. However, just as we come to admire Cruise's identification with samurai stillness and restraint (and what one can achieve with a "good death"), the spirit of the movie swings back across the Pacific to Hollywood again, and we have a fairly typical Cruise ending that betrays what we have come to appreciate most about "The Last Samurai" -- the acceptance of destiny. I won't spoil the end, but I will say that whether or not Algren survives the climactic battle (between sword-wielding samurai and newfangled howitzer repeating rifles) makes or breaks the point of Algren's spiritual conversion.<p>"The Last Samurai" is beautifully filmed, and like two of director Ed Zwick's own definitive films -- "Courage Under Fire" and "Glory" -- this one asks challenging questions about honor and country from the perspective of outsiders. In conclusion, "The Last Samurai" not only has two unforgettable performances by Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe, but also a fine supporting cast including Timothy Spall, Billy Connolly, Tony Goldwyn, Koyuki, and William Atherton. "The Last Samurai" is a definite DVD must-have when it's released!
The sheer arrogance of this films is mind blowing. First of all, the thought that the Emperor of Japan needed the wisdom of an American to set things right in his kingdom is absurd. Secondly, aren't we all getting a little tired of Tom Cruise presenting himself as some sort of super man in his movies?  He, like Mel Gibson, has  often cast himself as characters whose bravery and martial skills are of almost mythic proportions.  Additionally, these heroes are frequently disillusioned, bitter men, who, through an orgy of blood and guts discover themselves and learn to love.<p>Folks, this is cookie cutter scripting. Those moments in this film where we are treated to shots of Cruise looking into the distance, steely eyed and noble are embarrassing. Is this really how Cruise thinks of himself? Is he so hot and so wonderful that the wife of the man he killed can't keep her hands off of him? This is one of many movies made over the years where a white man saves a picturesque but flawed culture. This is Eurocentric cultural insensitivity at its worst.<p>The script is a series of cliches superimposed on  19th century Japan. Sadly the story could very well be transfered to any other culture with a little tweak here and there. In spite of the lovely scenery and high quality of the cinematography, the film displays a shallow understanding of Japanese culture and suggests to me that its producers don't have a very high opinion of their audiences sophistication.
Though set in Japan, "The Last Samurai" is an American film for American audiences.  Through emotionally scarred American cavalry office Nathan Algren, we are introduced to Japan's traditional (and completely mythical) samurai culture, supposedly threatened by the country's 19th century industrialization.  Traumatized by his role in the extermination of the Native Americans, Algren redeems himself by joining with surrogate Noble Savages, samurai warriors rebelling against the new modern Japan.<br /><br />As far as it went, the film was enjoyable enough -- elaborately choreographed action and stunning (New Zealand) landscapes.  I need to remove one star for the painfully forced romance between Cruise and Koyuki.  Another goes for the ludicrous liberties the film takes with history.  Learning about the actual events after seeing this film, I was amazed by the way the filmmakers had completely and brazenly rewritten them.  Their attitude goes beyond carelessness or artistic reinterpretation to downright contempt for reality.<br /><br />Essentially, "The Last Samurai" is pure fantasy that pretends to be historical.  Of course, there's nothing wrong with fantasy -- unless it tries to pass itself off as reality.  In reality, the 25,000-strong rebel army fought with modern weapons and tactics.  Indeed, their first actions were to raid government armories and steal as many guns and as much ammunition as they could, which didn't turn out to be enough.  Zwick's vision of sword-swinging, armor-wearing samurai is as absurd as having the Battle of Gettysburg fought out between lance-wielding knights in shining armor.  It would look pretty cool but be impossible to take seriously.<br /><br />Perhaps this historical fantasy is the reason the film quite explicitly backs what was by any reasonable standard the wrong side in Japan's struggle over modernization.  It's odd, isn't it, that a film from a country that takes such pride in freedom and democracy should glorify an oppressive, xenophobic, militaristic, medieval caste system and demonize the people and forces that brought Japan such modern plagues as as political equality and universal education.  Indeed, Watanabe's character was the first to call for Japan to invade Korea and expand its Empire onto the Asian mainland, and the government's refusal to do so played a large part in his decision to join the rebels.<br /><br />"The Last Samurai", although it pretends to be historical, does its best to avoid unpleasant historical reality by focusing on an idealized myth of samurai bravery, dedication and willingness to die for their traditional (and fictional) way of life.  It does the same thing for premodern Japan as "Gone with the Wind" does for the slaveholding South -- invents an idyllic past and covers up all the unpleasant bits that might make one question the value of slavery or feudalism.<br /><br />An odd thought struck me while watching the final glorious kamikaze charge: are the heroes of this film so different from the reactionary extremists of the modern day?  Will Hollywood in a few decades be putting out a film celebrating the bravery, dedication and traditional virtues of, say, the Taliban?  I would have immediately dismissed such thoughts as absurd before seeing "The Last Samurai".  Now, however, I cannot be so certain.
As epic movies go, &quot;The Last Samurai&quot; is a superb one despite any historical inaccuracies which is what the History Channel is for.  All of the big named male actors such as Mel Gibson and Russell Crowe had their epic war movies and Tom Cruise was sorely due for one and in this movie he chose very well.  Over the years, like many super stars, Tom Cruise has chosen some extremely good roles and at the other end of the spectrum he's done some very poor movies but with &quot;The Last Samurai,&quot; the part couldn't have been better for him as it was supremely suited to his talents.<p>Along with the superior performance given by Tom Cruise, his co-actors in Timothy Spall, Ken Watanabe, Billy Connolly, Tony Goldwyn, Hiroyuki Sanada and Koyuki and so many others added greatly to the overall feel of the movie through their performances which were all of great depth and feeling.<p>Over the years, Edward Zwick has directed some of the finest movies to ever grace the silver screen such as &quot;Glory&quot; and &quot;Legends of the Fall&quot; and &quot;The Last Samurai&quot; serves well to his legacy by being added to his library of exceptional films.  Additional credit goes to Hans Zimmer for the score for this outstanding film.<p>The Premise:<p>Civil War hero Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) has seen all too well the horrors of war and the policies of the American government in both dealing with soldiers of the south and especially Native Americans.  He is essentially forced into going to Japan to fight for the government against the Samurai that have for so long defended Japan but are now anachronistic in their eyes.  In a twist of fate, he is forced to lead his forces against the Samurai before they are ready and his forces are easily routed and he is captured.<p>Feeling merciful and wanting to learn more about his new enemy, Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) spares his life and takes him to his village for the winter.  Captain Algren spends that time there and suddenly finds a rebirth...<p>What follows from there is an exceptional film both in its touching and intriguing story and the extraordinary battle scenes.  I highly recommend this film to any and all fans of films in this genre as they will be highly satisfied with it.  {ssintrepid}<p>Special Features:<p>-Commentary by Director Edward Zwick<br />-History Channel Documentary &quot;History vs. Hollywood:  The Last Samurai&quot;<br />-Tom Cruise A Warrior's Journey<br />-Edward Zwick:  Director's Video Journal<br />-Making an Epic:  A Conversation with Edward Zwick and Tom Cruise<br />-A World of Detail:  Production Design with Lilly Kilvert<br />-Silk and Armor:  Costume Design with Ngila Dickson<br />-Imperial Army Basic Training<br />-From Soldier to Samurai:  The Weapons<br />-Deleted Scenes<br />-Japan Premieres<br />-DVD-ROM PC Web Link<br />-Theatrical Trailer
After scanning some of the negative reviews posted here I must say I am shocked to learn that ANYONE could find this movie anything but exceptional. The words "boring" and "tedious" have no place desrcibing this exceptional film. It's beautifully shot, wonderfully acted, full of humor, poetry and sensuality and considering the fact that it is of course A MOVIE (for those of you overly concerned with real looking sets, etc), I was mesmerized and entertained for the 2 plus hours I was watching this great movie. My wife, who reluctantly attended the sneak preview, fell so in love with this film that she insists on seeing it again on Friday when it makes its full release. There will always be the inevitable haters and those comparing it to Dances With Wolves, etc, but disregard those folks and go see what is sure to be an Oscar Winner. You won't be disappointed.
I wish that you could divide the rating system -- have one set of ratings for the story and another for the message.<br /><br />If this movie were about a fictional man from a fictional place learning about a different culture and finding a new sense of honor in himself, the movie would merit three stars based on the production values, the star power, and the entertainment value of exotic locales, battle scenes, redemption scenes, etc.(the downsides -- the plot is predictable and there is no real depth to the characters)<br /><br />But this movie disturbed me, perhaps because I had just read a history of Japan, and because it continued this Hollywood self-hatred of America theme that keeps rearing its ugly head.<br /><br />To view the movie, you would never know that Japan was struggling to overthrow a decadent and stifling shogunate that had basically kept the country back in the Middle Ages.  Farmers weren't allowed to leave their villages.  Samurai weren't allowed to go into business.  Until Perry came, foreigners were restricted access to one trading post.  While the backlash to Perry triggered a wave of ostrich-like denial of technology and the west, a very smart clique of leaders soon realized that the Japanese themselves had to take the lead in modernizing their country.  The samurai who didn't get it, would have made their country more vulnerable to the west by being more backward, if they had had their way.<br /><br />So the ending is completely wrong, if you are pro-Japanese.  Yes, they chafed under unequal trade treaties, but the future safety of the country was not to go backwards...and they didn't, so unlike China, the Japanese were able to recoup their sovereignty and engage the West on increasingly equal (and if you were Russian in 1905) superior footing.<br /><br />The ending is also completely wrong if you are pro-American.  The character played by Tom Cruise loathes his country as much as he loathes himself.  Americans were not saints during the 1860s or in any era, but there were plenty of heroes, and it's a tiresome choice to continue this stock theme of self-flagellation so rampant in movies like Dances with Wolves (which this story really rips off -- I'm sure that's how they pitched it -- "its Dances with Wolves, but set in Japan").<br /><br />I bet that the movie would have done much better if the Cruise character had been more noble in the U.S. and if the ending could have been about some kind of reconciliation, instead of the divisive travesty that they decided to show.<br /><br />At some point, one of the Hollywood studios is going to wake up and realize that Americans like to see positive, heroic portrayals from time to time instead of the diseased anti-heroes that they keep foisting on us, and whichever studio gets this will clean up at the box office.<br /><br />If you are into Japan see one of Kurosawa's films.  If you are into east-west stories, read Shogun or Tai-Pan.  If it's movie night, and you've seen everything else, this will do for entertainment, but take it for a piece of fiction, don't take its pretensions seriously.
There are some films that are so obvious and heavy-handed in their political correctness that even if one agrees with the sentiments expressed, one must hold ones nose to do so. "The Last Samurai" is a fine example of regard for another culture taken to such a superficial extreme that the result is smelly cardboard.<br /><br />I suppose that a big budget film starring one of Hollywood's most self-important egos must adhere to the ugly-American-meets-epiphany-and-goes-native formula, but will one of these unctuous tomes please depart from formula long enough to at least follow through on its own logic?<br /><br />This film is hypocritical in avowing its respect for Japanese culture. At least Kevin Costner created a coherent world in "Dances With Wolves". His Union soldier was largely an observer of the events of his time, and when he eventually left the Sioux nation, he had not single-handedly saved them from destruction or awakened them to their ancestral precepts. In "The Last Samurai", not only does the white hero receive an oriental spiritual transplant; he actually becomes the saviour of Japan. C'mon--gimme a break.<br /><br />The Meiji Emperor was not a timid little weakling just waiting for the redeemed American to give him backbone and remind him of the wisdom residing within his own culture. And even if we were to suspend all disbelief and accept that the last surviving soldier on a particularly horrific battlefield should turn out to be our unlikely hero, it surpasses even the crudest naivety that the adversaries he has just decimated would throw down their arms and pay homage to him as the last samurai. That scene left a foul taste in my mouth.<br /><br />Had this film truly honoured Japanese culture with the respect it professes to feel, the white hero would have died or at least turned out to be less than God's gift to Japan. Even Lawrence of Arabia ultimately failed to create his Pan-Arab nation, and that film could teach this one a lesson or two in how sensitively such themes need to be handled.<br /><br />This film is not an abject failure. The performances by Ken Watanabe and Hiroyuki Sanada are superb and they do wonders within its shallow arc. Even Tom Cruise puts aside his most egregious excesses and serves up a passably sympathetic character. But even good performances cannot save this film from the consequences of its presumption. This is a do-gooder film that will go down well with historical revisionists and Champagne liberals who simply have to feel bad about the imperialist bits in America's past while congratulating themselves on how enlightened they are. For the rest of us, the falseness at the heart of this movie makes it impossible to enjoy it at anything but the most superficial level.
After the opening of Japan in 1853 under the pressure of the US and their Perry expedition, and the restoration of Imperial power in 1867, things went very fast. Japan was modernized at first to the best profit of the USA. But this development brought strong resistance within Japan from the feudal order of the Samourais, and a very agressive expansion on the Asian continent. This film concentrates on the final push against feudalism and its old code of honor represented by the Samourais. This change was particularly brutal with imported weapons from the USA, an exclusive contract, and military counsellors. The move was led by some big capitalist families who were ruthless about the change and who violently eradicated all opposition to the final death of it and them. The film shows this very well. The character Tom Cruise embodies here is probably fictitious but it links the wars against the Indians in the US to this war against mountain tribes and villages in Japan. The same objective : to impose industrial development in an extremely egotistic way : no honor, no real democracy, no concertation. Just change, and profits for a few. The film is short on one issue : this forced change led the new industrial aristocracy to an expansion that was carried out through war and the use of brutal force. Japan needed new markets and new workers. They found them in Formosa, in China, in Manchuria, in Korea, and they even tried to conquer Siberia. We know what that process led to forty years later. We should never force foreign countries to change too fast and along a ruthless profit-minded road because profit knows no obstacles, and frustration leads to a need for historical compensation, and sooner or later the two come together. Any country should have the right to change at its own rhythm and along its own logic.<p>Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
As other reviewers have said, this film has gorgeous scenery and remarkable attention to visual historical detail such as costume and architecture. Unfortunately, the approach to the cultural history of Japan is far from accurate and in some ways derogatory. It reminds me of the sort of 19th century "noble savage" romanticism that today is universally recognized as patronizing and racist.<br /><br />Anyone who knows anything about the history of Japan knows that the samurai were essentially feudal warlords. Each leading samurai controlled his own territory, and his subjects paid tribute in exchange for safety. The samurai battled endlessly (and bloodily) with each other, in a thousand-year struggle for supremacy and dominance. The so-called "honor" of their militant mentality was accompanied by a culture that demanded, among other things, that the wife of a defeated samurai should commit suicide rather than live with the "shame" of her defeated husband. The emporer at that time was nothing more than the samurai who managed to become the most powerful and convinced a number of other samurai to serve him (as apparently the lead character was one) ... what the film omits is that before the emporer ended up in a war with his own samurai, he and his fathers had waged a several-century war against all the other samurai, engaging in wholesale slaughter and subjugation of all the other groups. Furthermore, what occurred in the period immediately following the period portrayed in the film is even more telling: once the emporer had dispatched the last of his potential rivals, he created a personal cult around himself and his descendants coupled with a japanese nationalism that eventually lead to the Japanese imperial expansion that brutally occupied much of Asia prior to World War Two (and which America and our allies Britain and Australia expended many lives and much treasure to defeat).<br /><br />Historically speaking, I don't believe that any of these groups were necessarily something to look up to or find "noble"... in reality, all sides in this battle were equally vicious and power-hungry. Portraying them as such is misleading and wrong, and does an injustice to those Japanese now who know that their history was anything but this ridiculously romanticized claptrap.<br /><br />In addition, the historical distortions seem designed to leave one with a moral lesson that is both misguided and disturbing. As another reviewer wrote:<br /><br />What is the moral narrative of this story? Industry bad, nature good? Those who follow ancient practices good, modern science bad? But modern weapons win and the honor of fighting is lost.<br /><br />If the film had accurately portrayed the history of the samurai and the rise of the emporer as I described above, could anyone possibly reach this conclusion? You decide...
I really loved this movie. The way it was just presented and keeping the history and culture of Samurai. Yet it was not a true story nor based on any actual accounts or characthers. The story itself sparks an interest in Japanese and Samurai warrior history. From the code of Honor down to commiting Seppuku. Im not going to get into a brush of History on the Samurai, theres much too explain and learn about those fearsome Warriors.<br /><br />  It should and definetly leaves the audience in awe about such a war and time when fuedal clans and government corruption brought femine that you would want to learn and research about these class of noble warriors on the web or at your local libary. The Samurai sword Katana has a whole long history in itself.<br /><br />  But this movie defenitly brings out what the Samurai truly are and what they believed in and fought for, or as Mr. Grahm said it; "HONOR". To this day, I believe there is no other warriors who were or can be more dedicated or honorable than the samurai.<br /><br />  Being a modern Warrior myself in the u.s. Army as an infantry Ranger, I can attest to this. We have honor just like all other warriors, but I believe not as much to the extent of the warrior Samurai.
I can't get enough of this movie. The Last Samurai is a powerful tale that stays with you. I can't get enough of this modern masterpice.<br /><br />Capt. Nathan Algren(Cruise) is an Army veteran. He's become an alcholic and hates himself and frequently has flashbacks over some of the Indians he's killed. He's falling apart and things don't look great for him until he's offered a job by the ambassador of Japan Umura(Hamada).<br /><br />The Emperor of Japan is modernizing the country and doing it very quickly. The Emperors former advisor Katsumota(Watanabe) doesn't like the old ways and is doing everything in his power to delay them. He is one of the greatest Samurai to ever live and is well respected and loved by his people. Umura nows Japan can't beat him so he convinces the Emperor that they must modernize so they can defeat Katsumoto.<br /><br />Algren comes to Japan reluctantly. He hates Col. Bagley(Goldwyn) who is his superior officer in the operation. He's trying to train the Japanese men as fast as he can, but they don't have a enough time. Umura and Bagley order Algren to takes his men into battle against Katsumoto agains his will.<br /><br />The fight between the armies is quick and very bloody. Katsumoto captures Algren after seeing the passion and fire in his eyes during battle. They take Algren back to their village for winter so Katsumoto can get to learn his enemy better.<br /><br />Algren is treated fairly well by the people. They help him overcome his alcholism battle. He hates the place at first, but as he lives there and sees the discipline of the Samurai people he begins to accept and love their culture. He becomes friends with Katsumoto and gains respect from most of the village. Winter ends though and he must return to Tokyo.<br /><br />Upon his return to Tokyo he sees the advance of the Japanese army. Umora has increased the spending of Japan in their arms and it's obvious he has lots of influence over the emperor. Umora is determined to kill the Samurai and Katsumoto. After a scuffle in Tokyo Algren returns with the Samurai to help prepare them in their last stand against the Japanese army.<br /><br />The acting is phenomenal in this movie. Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe are amazing in their roles as Algren and Katsumoto. Cruise plays the role with passion and intensity. He does a great job displaying the change that Algren takes emotionaly and physically. He really did get cheated by not getting an Oscar nomination. This guy has done a lot for the movie industry and the academy but they continue to not pay him back. Cruise almost didn't do this movie because of his commitment to Cold Mountain. They didn't give the money he wanted so he became The Last Samurai.<br /><br /> Ken Watanabe really shines in this picture. He isn't intimidated by Cruise at all and is equal if not better to him. He becomes Katsumoto and is amazing. He's funny, brave, charming, and smart all at the same time. He deserved the Oscar nomination he received and probaly should have won it. I'm excited about seeing Ken in the new Batman movie. This guy is great.<br /><br />Edward Zwick really does a great job with this movie. The Last Samurai is produced by Cruises production company and they were the only man they wanted to direct this. Zwick has plenty of experience in this area of movies with Glory on his resume. He shots this movie well and it's all done in tastes. The fight scenes are shot especially well. The camera angles are great and we really get a good idea of how the Samurai fought. The violence isn't over done and you see the art that is sword play. Zwick has made a masterpiece.<br /><br />A lot of people have bashed the ending of the movie. They think it's sappy and to happy. It's anything but that. If you pay attention to the movie and realize that Algren didn't fail his mission he has no shame. Algren loved Katsumoto and so did the Emperor so thats why we have that scene at the ending of the well. I found it to be a powerful ending to a dynamic film.<br /><br />This is a great movie. It's so well made and attention is paid in it to the tiniest details. This movie will stay with you for days and all the good dramas do. If you like dramas or war films than you must see this film. If you love Tom Cruise you have to pick this one up. You won't regret buying this one.
&quot;The Last Samurai&quot; is one of the greatest historical epics of our generation. The battle scenes are created with great action and detail, as are the solo sword fights. And while the action is breathtaking, they only help to tell an amazing yet somber story of honor, sacrifice and change. Tom Cruise gives what is possibly the performance of his career, and Ken Watanabe gives an Oscar-worthy performance as Katsumoto (He was robbed at the Oscars). While I haven't yet had time to view the special features, none are really needed, for this film could stand on its own! Any fan of true film will want this epic in their collection! Movie/DVD Grade: A+
I strongly urge the viewers to watch the second disc after viewing the movie itself.  The presentation of the disc is superb and for a movie enthusiast like myself, I appreciate knowing the thoughts of Director, the cast, the process, the location, the designs of costumes and the set, and so forth.  This disc collection has got them all.  It's wonderful to note that some of Japanese actors and actresses in the movie played a significant role by assisting the Director, Zwick in understanding the protocols and behaviours of the past when Samurais roamed Japan.  There's a tremendous respect between the Japanese and the production crew as they assisted one another in bridging the cultural gap &amp; enhancing one another's performances.  I am disappointed to read about people's comparison of this movie with Dances With Wolves.  If people's tendency is to compare this movie with that and so forth, movie industry would have come to a close long time ago as why should people cough out money to watch a movie that is almost identical to the movie that they watched before?  I have enormous respect for Tom Cruise as he's a focused and dedicated actor.  Moreover, he's almost universally known as a generous actor too.  Whilst Tom was shooting in New Zealand location, he had interacted with the local community by calling a local radio station &amp; donating resources to charity.  That's what I call star quality.  Anyhow, this movie is very well-done as the production crew took the best element from their location shots particularly in those old shrines in Himeji &amp; Kyoto, Japan; New Zealand.  Japanese cast is superb namely Ken Watanabe who lost out on Oscar's Best Supporting Actor Award.  He definitely lifted this movie to another level by giving it a much needed weight, presence, &amp; charisma and no wonder his samurais followed him to the shadow of death as long as honour is restored.  The documentary about samurais in the second disc is very informative.  It wanted the viewers to decide for themselves if this movie is pure Hollywood or historical fact.  At the end of the day, it's a bit of both.  The anchor said it well that in real life, the samurais would be considered the renegade, the dinasours that refused to give in to the fact that their time had passed and that they refused to move on with time.  They were supposed to be the &quot;baddies&quot; in the movie as they fought against the Government which would like to implement change for the betterment of Japanese society.  Moreover, what about the caste system that they implemented in their own village?  As I was in Japan, I always wondered if the change that the Government enforced is necessarily better for its society?  I also wondered how practical it would be should samurais are still roaming Japan and every time they step into the railway station, all people would kneel down and avoiding eye contact and they would cut the innocents if they get in their ways somehow?  In some ways, I miss Japan of the old as any industrial cities nowadays look almost similar to each other.  Still, we have to come to terms that time changes everything.  Anyhow, a very well-made and touching movie that shouldn't be missed.  Highly recommended
Despite the gross inaccuracies concering the depiction of the Satsuma rebellion, I very much enjoyed this movie for its likable characters, honest portrayal of human relationships, and laudable themes.  Tom Cruise (whose work I do not enjoy as a rule) appeared to be quite comfortable in his role.  The real star of the file was Ken Watanabe, who walked the fine line between warrior and philosopher.  My only other complaint with the film was that we never really established who the title character, the last samurai, was; perhaps this would've given this film that last vital shove into greatness.<p>Better luck next time.<br />-N
&quot;The Last Samurai&quot; was certainly one of the best movies of 2003.  The main story is a reverent account of the character of the Japanese people and the Samurai in particular, but there's much more to it than simply that.  The film has many subplots and resolves them all neatly without ever seeming contrived.  Everything from Algren's (Tom Cruise) search for peace to his understated yet elegant love story with Taka (Koyuki) is handled as well as it conceivably could be.  Writer John Logan avoids the overwrought melodrama that burdens most war movies; everything is as quietly graceful as the Samurai way of living depicted within the film.<p>The acting is, on every front, excellent.  Tom Cruise gives an uncharacteristically melancholy performance as Captain Nathan Algren, while Ken Watanabe perfectly encapsulates the quiet honor of Samurai leader Katsumoto.  The actors cast in the supporting roles are equally suited to the film, each giving realistic and powerful performances by turns.<p>Director Edward Zwick infuses the entire film with the necessary serene feel.  He uses well-placed camera angles to complement and enhance the already magnificent sets, and even cliched choices (such as Algren's choppy, blurred memories) are handled competently.  The only area that Zwick falls a little short in is in his directing of the action.  Despite the R rating of the film, he displays a timidity in his direction which, at times, makes it blatantly obvious that these are stunts.  Even still, this movie is not an action film, and it's appropriate that Zwick kept it from becoming a visceral bloodbath.  This isn't too say that there aren't graphic depictions of violence, but Zwick generally avoids the blatant displays which fill movies like &quot;Kill Bill&quot;, preferring to quickly cut away from gory moments.<p>If &quot;The Last Samurai&quot; has a real problem, it's that the story is about somewhat immaterial concepts: tradition, honor, and the character of a culture.  It can be difficult to emotionally connect with things of such abstract nature, but even still, it's as elegant a defense of such things as the moviegoer is likely to find.  And the stories of the characters and their relationships within this defense are powerful enough to provide more than enough emotional resonance to compensate.<p>In a year that saw the release of many excellent films, &quot;The Last Samurai&quot; is among the best.  Patient, mature viewers will find much to admire herein, though those seeking a light-hearted action romp may wish to look elsewhere.
The Last Samurai is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. Anything under five stars in an absurd rating.<p>I simply couldn't understand how this movie didn't even get a nomination for an Oscar while Lord of the Rings got every award on the planet. The only one any of those movies deserves is Best Special Effects. Nevertheless, The Last Samurai has all the elements of a true classic.<p>Hyped-out to be a story about the last rebellion of the Samurai in 1877, I believe the movie's more profound than that. It's really about the struggle of Captain Nathan Algren (played amazingly by Tom Cruise) and his quest to find peace, after turning to the bottle to combat his tremendous guilt for slaughtering Native Americans in the cavalry raids. The story was passionate, exciting, beautifully written, directed, and acted, and I don't understand how it wasn't anything more than a smash-success.
A drunken Civil War hero, Capt. Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) was assigned to train Japanese soldiers in 1876. "The Last Samurai" is a film about honor. Algren went from being a drunken fool to a hero on the battlefield. Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) took Algren captive and began to teach him the code. The movie is excellent.
The movie was a solid B.  For a movie that Tom Cruise doeesn't have sex with the female lead, it was entertaining.  Disappointing how the movie ended, but that's real life...historically.  The way of the sword...some of that was captured in the film...what's life without honor?
The Last Samurai was one of those exceptionally rare films that I am sure I'll always remember.  The character of Katsumoto was magnificent, and Tom Cruise did a superb job portraying the captive who learned to find meaning in his life from a people very different.  I too became a captive of the discipline, honor, and other virtues depicted in the Samurai culture.  It was a completely absorbing movie...I hated for it to end.  Speaking of the end, I couldn't imagine how it could end well, and thought it a shame to watch 2 1/2 hours just to see the bad guys win.  But it actually had a fantastic ending--very satisfying.  I don't want to spoil it for those reading reviews who haven't seen the movie yet!  If you like action movies, you absolutely cannot go wrong with this one...I'd give it 10 stars!
I keep getting drawn back to this. I believe that this is Tom Cruise best movie. His acting was very good, but I think the story, and more importantly the exposure to Martial Arts values is what makes this film. Having studied many years under a true Korean Master, the "DO" way of life is the most important thing I have learned. This movie gives a glimpse of that.
I love this movie.  There are few movies I can watch over and over.  This would be one.  I am a fan of Tom Cruise but not a fanatic fan.  He is a very nice looking man and can act fairly well. But I don't see any Oscars in his future.  That being said, I have enjoyed many of his films and look forward to many more.  I think he did a wonderful performance in this picture, however, even if he weren't in the picture, it could have stood on its own.  Ken Watanabe is a superb actor, not to mention a very sexy man who played Katsumoto.  Other actors of note include: Hiroyuki Sanada who played Ujio and might I add another hunk of burning love; Shin Koyamada, who played Nobutada, Katsumto's son and Tom Cruise's first Japanese friend and Maisha Khan, who played Taka, Katsumto's widowed sister and mother of two young boys and Tom Cruise's love interest.  As a little twist to the story, Tom had killed her husband in battle early in the movie, thus complicating her initial feelings for him.<br /><br />The movie is epic albeit predictable throughout and the ending is a semi-tearjerker.  But that's okay.  You won't feel slighted and you will find yourself wanting to watch it again and again despite knowing the ending.  It is semi-family safe, no nudity that I can recall, maybe some mild curse words, but nothing that is over the top.  I watched it with my family.  But one word of caution: it is very, very violent.  Decapitations, amputations, other bodily mutilations during the battle scenes; these are samurai with very, very sharp swords and they used them very effectively.  So remove all small children and those with queasy stomachs from the room before viewing.
Set in Japan during the 1870s, Tom Cruise plays Capt. Nathan Algren, an American military leader hired to train Japan's army in modern warfare. He is a drunk mercenary tortured by his inner demons. In his first encounter against the Samurai, Algren is captured by Katsumoto, played brilliantly by Ken Watanabe. He quickly is impressed by the Samurai's skills in battle and unexpectedly drawn to their way of life while in captivity. Ultimately, he finds himself at Katsumoto's side, driven by his sense of honor.<br /><br />This is a great film and probably Tom Cruise's best. It is beautifully written and acted. It is also loaded with brilliant cinematography and amazing battle choreography. An epic and worth mentioning with such great films like Gladiator and Braveheart! A must own for any collector.<br /><br />NOW FOR MY BLU RAY THOUGHTS: A very nice transfer that enhances all the beauty of Japan's landscape. The audio is slightly lacking but better than the previous dvd release. All the special features are carried over. FINAL VERDICT: IT WOULD BE DISHONORABLE NOT TO UPGRADE! A MUST OWN!
This is an excellent movie, and the blu-ray edition does it justice. The picture quality is amazing, bright colors, infifnite detail, consistent three dimensionality. This is a must own for blu-ray fans.
Is this what we were all waiting for??<br /><br />YES!!!<br /><br />Incredible image. Crisp. Rich. Full of detail. Incredible contrast. Amazing colors. This is exactly what HDTV is all about.<br /><br />HD-DVD really got me. I was once a Blu-ray supporter, but now I've got to admit. HD-DVD is simply doing what it was suposed to do: DELIVER!<br /><br />This HD-DVD have all the extras we find on the regular DVD. How great can it get? Shame on Blu-ray!<br /><br />Just give me more HD-DVD movies! I can't get enough of it.
Well worth the purchase if you're a fan of the movie.  The second dvd has loads of nice extras, too.  If you have a large screen tv, defintely get the widescreen version.
I love this movie!!! I saw it in theaters and loved every second of it. It is the reason that I love Japan and Samurai. What I like most about it isn't just the cinematics but the moral behind it. Honor...
The Last Samurai shows the viewer a look into the lifestyle of the the ancient ways of the Samurai during the 1800's. It is a world that was slowly dying out as more and more Japanese people turned to living in the Western traditions, and for one US Military Captain, it showed him a world he grew to respect and love.....<br /><br />Tom Cruise stars as Nathan Algren, a captain sent to the foreign land of Japan to teach Japanese soldiers the way to fight as US troops do in America. The preparation is needed to stop a rebellion of Samurai warriors led by Katsumoto [played by Ken Watanabe] who have been attacking railroads and supply trains.<br /><br />After being sent to the front lines with troops he believes aren't ready to fight yet, Algren is captured after a battle and is brought to the village of Katsumoto's brother in the mountains. Despite some harsh attempts of getting used to the lifestyle of the Samurai, Algren slowly but surely learns how to love the Samurai lifestyle and how they work day and night.<br /><br />The movie shows us breath taking landscape shots of the mountains the Samurai live in. It even shows some great rain storm scenes as Algren attempts to prove himself by battling in a swordfight with one of the experienced Samurai and refuses to stay down no matter how many times he is knocked down.<br /><br />This movie also comes with some great fighting style scenes. With the fog war near the beginning in which Algren is captured after his inexperience troops are cut down by the Samurai, to a Ninja attack on the Samurai village where the samurai sacrifice themselves to save Katsumoto, to even Algren siding with Katsumoto for the climactic battle in the end against his fellow officers.<br /><br />This movie is great in so many ways: The vibrant color of the scenery, the style of fighting is smooth yet terrifying as lots of men die, and even the dialogue between Algren and Katsumoto is great as they have their "Many Conversations."<br /><br />I reccomend this movie if you really want to see a story of a man who realizes what he really wants for himself in this world.........
I think it's fair to assume that the majority of Tom Cruise's fans aren't particularly interested in Samurai movies--and the majority of Samurai movie fans aren't too interested in Tom Cruise.  Personally, I avoided this movie for quite a while because of Cruise in the leading role.  To my surprise-his performance was credible--though there are a few absurd moments-such as an early battle scene where Cruise is fighting off a half dozen or so Samurai single handed (though he does get wounded)  As someone who's lived in Japam twice--I was also amazed by how easily Cruise's character picked up Japanese!<br /><br />Nit picking aside-I enjoyed this movie--except for the ending which was about as lame as anything imaginable.  IMO--this movie would have been better if it had ended with the climatic scene at the end of the Samurai attack--where it appears all the Samurai are dead or dying--Cruise included.  If it had ended here-I would have rated the move 4 stars--but the "epilogue" was a disaster!  Still--if you're like me and have a problem with Tom Cruise as a "Samurai"--give it a try--the story is enjoyable and entertaining.  Anyone who enjoyed "Shogun" will also probably enjoy the Last Samurai!
Set in 1870's Japan, `The Last Samurai' is the story Japan's struggle to come to terms with the modern world whilst at the same time embracing its traditional past.<br /><br />Tom Cruise gives a surprisingly good performance as the tormented Nathan Algren, a former captain of the US army who is having trouble with his conscience, unusual in a white man in the 19th century but he is haunted by his past, a past which saw him play a role in the slaughter of innocent Native American men, women and children in his own country.<br /><br />Algren eventually agrees to go to Japan to help train its soldiers in the ways of modern warfare so that the nation's leaders can take on and destroy the sole remnants of the Samurai forces that are still clinging to the old ways.  Algren takes on this task for money and no other reason, he does not care about anything or anyone, death is no longer something he fears and it is partly this lack of fear that saves his life when he is captured by the `enemy,' who take him to their camp and inadvertently bring him spiritually closer to the way of the Samurai.<br /><br />Algren slowly falls under the spell of the Samurai Code of Honour and he eventually switches his allegiance in battle, ending up fighting with the Samurai against the people he was brought over to train.<br /><br />He forges a tenuous relationship with Taka, the widow of the man he killed in battle, and becomes a father figure to her two young sons and wins the grudging respect of the Samurai sword trainer who tries to break his spirit and his bones.<br /><br />The film does to a certain extent become a study in redemption as Algren strives to find his place in the scheme of things and to erase the guilt of his dishonourable past actions.  Eventually though Algren comes to realise he cannot erase the past, he can either live with it or let it crush him.<br /><br />He chooses to live but only as a Samurai, and that could mean his death at any given moment.<br /><br />The whole film was a vibrant, violent, passionate look into a past that Japan has never been able to reclaim since the days of the Samurai.  With the western world on the doorstep trying to force their way in, Japan had to let go of some of her ancient traditions to survive and in doing so lost a big part of herself.<br /><br />The Last Samurai has been accused of being too much on the side of the Samurai, but I think it manages to find a kind of balance, with both good and bad on both sides, and the over all film certainly deserves the five stars I am giving it.<br /><br />Cruise does well not to fluff the Japanese language too much in the movie, I liked that they used subtitles, it gave the movie considerable authenticity, and the fight scenes as gory as they were, were breathtaking to watch, along with a fabulous musical score and scenery that I can't even do justice to in this critique.<br /><br />A movie I will be watching again I think, because you cannot honestly take everything in, in just one viewing.<br /><br />By far one of the best movies to come out of 2003 in my opinion.
The basic idea for this film was original, juxtaposing the two very different cultures of 19th century American soldiers and Samurai warriors.  The acting was better than I expected.  Tom Cruise is a much better actor than many of his big budget action flicks would suggest; on the all too rare occassion that he takes on an interesting script, his performances are quite impressive (e.g. Born on the Fourth of July, Interview with a Vampire).  To some extent, this film is an attempt to mix the traditional action-Cruise with the more intense and inwardly tortured character seen in his better works.  And as a result the film left me with somewhat mixed impressions.  Certainly the film has its moments; there are scenes that are beautifully shot and choreographed.  Unfortunately, however, other scenes are so absurdly unrealistic (I'm sorry, no amount of warrior ethos can begin to match the withering blast of a gatling gun) that I was left feeling a bit flat with the result.
I missed seeing The Last Samurai in the theatre but decided to buy a copy anyway because it looked good in the ads and the write-ups I'd read.<br /><br />Tom Cruise plays the role of Captain Nathan Algren, former Indian fighter in the U.S. Army (bits of this are shown in flashbacks)now a pathetic drunken loser reduced to giving sales demonstrations of Winchester rifles.<br /><br />He's contacted by a former associate and takes on the job of instructing the newly formed Japanese Imperial Army. The story is set in 1876 or so at a time of great change in Japan, the forces of modernization fast pacing Japan into the modern age. Part of this mission involves rooting out the last Samurai holdouts. Algren leads his recruits into battle, his recruits are massacred and after a valiant fight he is captured by the very man he is supposed to deal with. Taken to the Samurai village as a prisoner Algren gradually learns their ways, even learns to respect them. Algren eventually, after failing to reintegrate with his own people (and the dishonorable Japanese modernizers who I wanted to see get killed),joins with the Samurai in a battle to the death with the new Imperial Army. This is of course a slaughter with swords & spears against rifles & Gatling guns. The Imperial soldiers are so shamed by what they've done that they refuse an order to kill Algren and the Emperor strips the chief "New Japan" leader of everything he has.<br /><br />You never really learn what happens to Algren, it seems he goes back to the stronghold and the lead Samurai's widow, but that is presented as maybe he did, who knows?<br /><br />I thought the story was interesting, Cruise did a good job, but something was lacking- I'm not sure what. The costumes/ weapons were great, most of the sets/ locations were too ( a real sense of being in Japan)I just needed something more. Some of the extras are very interesting, I liked learning about how things were built or designed. The section about the film's Premiere in Japan was alright with the Japanese cast giving their thought's about the show although I thought the " I like Tom Cruise" stuff was a little to strong,the History Channel mini-documentary was too Cruise-ey for my taste as well.
In a word, WOW! This has got to be one of the best films I have ever seen in this genre. The story is post-Civil War where a lot of the war heroes were unemployed and out of place. Tom Cruise, one of those war heroes who becomes disenchanted with the war and flees to a bottle, is contacted by war buddies and signs on to train an army for Japan to wipe out the samurai. Although he feels his new command is unable to fight, his superiors put the troops to the combat test. As they fail, Cruise is captured and taken captive by the samurai. Without giving the entire plot away, the scenery, locations, and acting were top notch. It is the old ways vs. the new ways and it seems for awhile that the new ways are better. Watch this movie today, buy it tomorrow.
To start off, this was a splendidly filmed movie with a fine sound track.  After that, I don't have much to say favorably.  I'm not an expert on early modern Japanese history, but as a journeyman I know enough to say with confidence that the story here is preposterous.  The Japanese looked to Germany (Prussia), not the US for army training.  Emporer Meiji, the greatest of their modern monarchs was a strong and decisive ruler (and wasn't referred to as Meiji until after his death, just as Hirohito is now referred to as Shoa).  The dramatizations and interplay of the characters, however, is what was really preposterous.  It may make for decent drama, but this is the sort of film that leads to typical American ignorance about foreign countries and their histories.  Anyone sincerely curious about this era in Japan might well read James Clavell's imperfect, but vastly better, Gai Jin or, better yet, Lafcadio Hearn's memoirs which point out that it was virtually impossible for a westerner to assimilate in late Nineteenth Century Japan.  The producers of this film ought to be profoundly ashamed of themselves over this script which is nearly as bad as the despicably similar Bushido Blade of about 20 years ago.  This doesn't mean that one shouldn't see this, only that it ought not to be taken seriously.
As others have pointed out, the storyline here mirrors Dances with Wolves.  So much so that it's a little hard to give the rest of the movie credit for the original parts it does well.  But taken on its own, I feel it merits four stars.<p>I generally like Tom Cruise's movies, so I didn't have a problem watching him in this role.  Cruise is a talented actor, although he basically plays every part the same way, so he offers nothing terribly new here.  Still, he turns in a fine--if somewhat typical--performance.<p>The other actors in this movie were well cast.  Much has been made about Ken Watanabe's performance.  I thought it was strong but disagree with others who felt he overshadowed Cruise and everyone else.  Those who were seduced by this romanticized portrayal of Samurai culture were probably left more inclined to gush over his performance.  <p>Along those lines--in the special features of this DVD, there was an interesting comment made by a military historian.  He rightly pointed out that the Samurai were, in essence, the 'bad guys' in this conflict.  They were fighting for a caste system that did not respect women's rights or democratic ideals.  While such a lifestyle may be beautiful to view on the screen, living it is a different matter entirely.  There is much to admire about that culture, but there is much to detest, as well.<p>[Warning: SPOILERS in next paragraph]<p>Apparently, some found the ending to be &quot;maudlin,&quot; but unless you felt the same about movies like Braveheart or Last of the Mohicans, I doubt you'll agree.  Yes, it's typical Hollywood fare, but no adjective approaching &quot;maudlin&quot; came to mind.  Overall, I felt it was a dramatic and appropriate ending in keeping with some earlier themes (not to mention the title of the film).  My one complaint about the ending was the poor battlefield tactics used by the Samurai.  Cruise already knew the Imperial troops had Howitzers and gattling guns, yet the Samurai made no effort to address those threats in the battle (a detachment of cavalry could have swung around and attacked their flank to neutralize them).  This costly mistake was inconsistent with the earlier portrayal of Cruise's character as being skilled in the art of modern warfare.  <p>All in all, this is an entertaining film with some nice cinematography and exciting action sequences.  Enough to warrant additional viewings and justify the DVD purchase in my book.
This is a great movie, their is nothing more to say. Why has Tom not won an Academy Award yet? You would figure after Jerry Maguire, A Few Good Men, The Firm, Days of Thunder,Vanilla Sky, well you get the picture.
I really enjoyed this movie. Thank goodness, there wasn't any unnecessary sex scenes which seem to be in most movies these days. This movie has action/adventure and yet has at least one scene which has brought a tear to everyone I know that's seen this movie.  In a nutshell, this movie shows what respect is all about!
Set out wanting to like this but found it over long and very focus on Mr Cruise. Do we really need so many lingering shots of his greatness and the fairly ponderous lines.<br />The film outline is OK and there is a stroy but unless you know nothing of Japan and it's history, some of this film is fairly dull and slow.
&quot;The Last Samurai&quot; is the same story as &quot;Dances with Wolves&quot; - bitter Civil War vet goes off to a far away land and encounters a group of people looked down upon by Western Civ as &quot;savages&quot; but are instead a poetic and noble culture.  The idea is nice, but overly simplifies feudal Japan, which wasn't exactly a peaceful and idyllic place all of the time.<br />The acting is good, the story is OK, but the ending is downright silly and unnecessary.  I won't spoil it for those that haven't yet seen the movie, but let's just say that the &quot;true&quot; ending would've involved Tom Cruise meeting a noble death on the battlefield.  Instead, he lives happily ever after, which was not the message of the rest of the movie.
Let me start by saying that I am NOT a Tom Cruise fan.  That said, this movie is a great movie.  While Cruise is the main character and the story is sort of told through him, there is more emphasis on the character Katsumoto, and Japan as the setting, and the story line.  When we see a Tom Cruise film, he is usually the center of the film and always a larger than life character.  It's hard to feel for him or relate to him.  Here he is portrayed more human, there is more feeling and he is not quite as self-centered in his performance, not as cocky.  The cinematography is beautiful and the story is captivating.  You feel for the samurai and are frustrated with the emperor, and you are actually happy with the way it all ends, in a bittersweet way.  I loved it!  Great movie!
What we should appreciate before we get too deep into the odd story of Captain Algren is that he/it is strikingly similar to John Blackthorne, the English pilot of a Dutch ship that ends up in Japan in Clavell's near genius-like rendition of &quot;Shogun.&quot;<p>Without discrediting Tom Cruise who acted brillinatly I thought, the story does live up to general aspects of the &quot;Shogun&quot; tale but falls short in  a few other areas. The love affair with Cruise and Taka is sweet but with Blackthorne and Mariko it was detailed, passionate, forbidden and conspiratorial.<p>Likewise, the transition that Cruise makes into Japanese society is in fact, believable however it seems to happen swiftly. Too swiftly to remain completely credible. The script and Cruise's voiceover explains his love of the discipline and simplicity, which interestingly enough is what seduces Blackthorne. Well. Really seduces Blackthorne. But then again, it is Nathan that/who becomes a true warrior, and I must again give kudos to Cruise who appears believable in the great physicality of the Bushido spirit and the battle scenes.<p>All in all a nice ride, sufficient enough to take it out of the 'manly men doing manly things' genre and allow you to think.<p>Ken Wanatabe as Katsumoto is excellent and should have won him a best supporting. Taka is wonderful; the children are animated and innocent. The use of Cruise speaking Japanese was an excellent touch and again, seemed to add credibility. I should also mention that there are similar 'blood lines' in the Indian Rights oriented &quot;A Man Called Horse,&quot; less interesting, less fulfilling, but possibly equally provacative. <p>Good job to all. 5 stars. Larry Scantlebury
In The Last Samurai, Tom Cruise plays a post-Civil War army captain tortured by personal demons who goes to Japan to train imperial soldiers to fight against renegade samurai.  As circumstances would have it, he ends up fighting with the samurai against the imperial soldiers.  In doing so, he shares with his newfound samurai brethren his definition of honor, perserverence and respect...and they in turn share their versions of these concepts with him.<p>Being a big budget Hollywood film this movie has plenty of big fight scenes and lots of blood.  But the heart of this movie comes down to the interplay between Tom Cruise's character and the samurai he has befriended.  The wonderful interplay by the characters is backed up by the stark realization that, despite the two cultures (American and Japanese) being very different, they also share many things in common.<p>If all you're looking for is big budget blood and guts there are probably better options out there.  However, if you are looking for a strong story with equally strong characterizations that does a quite respectable job of illustrating the human condition -- especially the warrior condition -- then this probably a good movie for you.
The enduring spirit of master filmmaker Akira Kurosawa is alive and well in Edward Zwick's gorgeous, moving The Last Samurai. Wait, am I talking about a Tom Cruise movie? Why yes! And what a refreshing, vibrant, and even spiritual film this is. Through the movie's somewhat formulaic plot of the washed-up war hero with skeletons in the closet coming to learn the way of the samurai is a movie done truly in a classic Hollywood fashion. John Toll's cinematography is tear-inducingly brilliant in every frame, Hanz Zimmer's lush score proves haunting, and even Mr. Cruise creates a stunning, believable character arc as Nathan Algren, imprisoned by his samurai enemies, but eventually in love with the beauty and the legend of the art. There were elements of the film I wanted to dislike: Algren's voice-over narration that slides occasionally into cliche, the film's Hollywood ending, and a third act that begins to test patience. But Samurai is such an immensely satisfying experience (especially in its quaint, beautiful midsection where Algren comes to accept his destiny as a warrior) that those things become mere quibbles along the way. I can't say that Samurai is a masterpiece on par with even the slightest of the great samurai films, but it evokes a fondness for filmmaking to which I wish more filmmakers, like Zwick, would return more often. It's long, it's epic, it's a tear-jerker, and the battle scenes are so alive you have to blink twice. Call me a sucker for loving this beautiful, flawed movie, but try to resist it yourself. It's simply futile. GRADE: A-
American guy coes to Japan to ttain Japense soilders to fight th rebilain, but he goes to the rebliain villaige and finds out there peaceful way of living. Later, of course, he becomes a samurai. This is cool film. Really liked pretty Japanse actress, the big fight, and the fact that it is Japan( Every thing good comes from Japan). This is a cool film. You'll like it.
Comparing Samurai to Nazi's is just plain stupid!  Should we compare the US army in the 1870's to Nazi's? <p>Is this movie history? I think so.  Not because of the events as depicted in the movie, but for an attempt to capture a people's values at some point of time. It was closer to bringing that viewpoint to life than even Kurosawa's epics which were influenced heavily by Shakesphere and other western themes. We forget that the stories of King Arthur are very large fabrications of the West's transition point to from the time of the ancients to middle ages, that the knights virtues in writing were pure but in reality they were brutal instead of kind. <p>That is the point of movies, to inspire and build up our view of humanity while being careful not to extoll to heavilly the  villains. Tom Cruise's redemption after massacring Indians is one point of the film. How he finds peace and honor is another. How a society of traditional values finds itself eclipsed by the modern values of greed are clearly evident themes in both modern Japan and the US (whether it is true or not is not the point).  Can something in the Samurai spirit of the film be used to inspire us? Or must we only see this in films about hobbits and dwarfs (partially inspired by the horrors that Tolkein saw in WWI? <p>Technically the sword tactics were very well done and remain one of the few films that captures kenjutsu correctly. Cruise worked his tail off to make it credible and despite the time it would really would take to do so, it was still done well. <p>The filming in Japan was fantastic. The Meiji period where foreigners saw Japan as another China full of savages to be conquered is captured quite well. The Emperor who found himself in a position he was not prepared to handle with advisorsthat took advantage of him is also quite well captured. The leader of the Samurai was also well liked by the common people (then named a street after him shortly after he died) may not be the exact historical replica of the man but most of the Samurai following were "pissed" at loosing their swords and topknots which represented critical parts of their heritage, not about attacking Korea.<p>So the question is...do we want a documentary or a movie to inspire us?
Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), an ex-Army Captain, served in the Civil War and several battles against the Native Americans.  Years after the wars Nathan suffers from post-traumatic stress, which he struggles to smother with alcohol.  However, Nathan's past precedes him as his services are requested in Japan in order to squelch a rebellion by the few Samurai that holds on to the old traditions and who believe that the changes in Japan are moving too rapidly.  In Nathan's first battle with the enemy he is captured by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), the leader of the rebellion, who intends to study Nathan as he wants to learn more about his enemy.  This leads to a mutual respect and discovery of wisdom for both Nathan and Katsumoto as they both deepen their enlightenment of Bushido.  Nonetheless, the mutual understanding between the two warriors has set them on a path of righteousness and honor that has been challenged by the Japanese rule.  This means that the two men must live by the warrior code, which can mean certain death.  Last Samurai is a story that fuses Western values with Eastern values, but both value sets are still intact as they merge.  Zwick leaves the audience with a heroic tale about sacrifice, honor, friendship, love, and commitment that offers a noble cinematic experience.
I looked forward to this movie for such a long time. Ever since I heard it was being made. There were those people saying "Tom Cruise as a samurai?" which was followed by laughter. Myself, I was optimistic. Who though Mel Gibson could play William Wallace? I actually didn't see it till later in its theatrical run. I was, as many others were, engrossed by The Return of the King. But I eventually saw it and again as I watch it on DVD I can't help but love this movie. It is rare we see a Hollywood movie focus on Japanese culture. Everything Hollywood puts out on Asian culture is of course, martial arts. <p> Tom Cruise starts as Nathan Algren. A decorated civil war hero, who, as most war veterans will say, is haunted by his past. He is hired by one of the Emperors advisors (Harada) to train the military of Japan in modern warfare. Along for the ride is Zebulan Gant (Connolly) and Colonel Bagley (Goldwyn), a previous superior who Algren detests. Shortly after Algren begins training the men, an incident forces Bagley to send the unprepared troops off to battle. They, of course, lose to the samurai led by Katsumoto (Watanabe) and Algren is captured. As he is being held at the village of the Samurai he learns their ways and befriend Katsumoto. As promised when winter ends Katsumoto returns Algren where he must make the choice to go home or join the samurai and defend what he has come to love.<p> Tom Cruise is one of those actors whose good looks overshadow his acting ability. By that I mean that a lot of people don't think he is a talented actor because all the women love him. Group him in with actors like Brad Pitt and Leonardo DiCaprio. All three are talented actors, and Cruise shows it with this movie. While his performance here isn't on par with films such as Magnolia and Jerry Maguire, he still gives a powerful performance. He is upstaged though by Ken Watanabe as the Samurai leader. Watanabe brilliantly captures the essence of a samurai warrior. You really want this guy to win, although you know he can't. The ending is something that will bring tears to many people's eyes. The supporting cast doesn't get the same time or emphasis but they pull it off well. We didn't get to see enough of Billy Connolly, but he was good. I really enjoyed Hiroyuki Sanada as Kotsumoto's most loyal friend. He is the true picture as well for a warrior. <p> I have enjoyed Edward Zwick movies since I have begun watching them. Glory of course is the best. This movie may not quite live up to Glory but it is sure nice to see them making a film about a subject that I never thought we would see in film again. Although this movie never will live up to Shogun, it comes close thanks to the script by Logan, Zwick, and Herskovitz. They capture the very essence of a samurai in their screenplay. The set designs are beautiful, along with the costumes. Never have I seen a movie about Japan in the 1800's that looked so real. It gave you the feeling that you were there in Japan with them. The score by Hans Zimmer is equally impressive. Gone is the loud obnoxious music from MI:2 and other action score, and is a gorgeous sounding that never overpowers the movie but compliments it.<p> Despite the pro's we are given cons. One problem I had with the movie is the relationship between Algren and Taka (Koyuki) are never fully explored. I loved that story line. He kills her husband in battle and she is forced to help him heal. They grow closer and closer. I would have liked more. Also I had a problem with the ending. I understand why they did what they did, but I think it would have been a better ending with the final battle. But those were the only problems I could find with the movie.<p> So in the end, I recommend you seeing this movie. It brilliantly captures what life in Japan was at that time period. It showcases amazing performances by Watanabe, Cruise, and a great supporting cast. The cinematography is beautiful as is the set design. While the battles in this movie won't match up to a lot of others we see today it doesn't matter. This isn't a movie about battle but about living. Hence the quotes "Tell me how he died." "I will tell you how he lived." <p>8 out of 10
'The Last Samurai' is yet another 'White Stranger in a Strange Land ' story.  The film has many similarities to Kevin Costner's 'Dances With Wolves' (noted by other astute reviewers); the Civil War is major factor in both central character's state of mind.  Both men choose to side with the natives, rather than the exploitative European culture that spawned them.  Like 'Wolves', this film is bloody and beautifully shot, with large battle sequences.<p>The supporting cast is excellent, with Ken Watanabe simply marvelous as the Samurai Leader, Katsumoto.  I found myself wondering just how this film would have played without the Tom Cruise character- I think just terrific, and would have been solely from the Japanese point of view.  I am dreaming here - Cruise shares producing credits, and the film probably would not have been made without his star power behind it.  Nevertheless, one does get tired of these movies with the 'Great White Hope' leading the way for the natives.<p>The one area I have real doubts about is how quickly the Samurai were to accept a Westerner into their insular society in the film.  This really stretches the imagination - even today, Japan is not exactly eager to bring foreigners within it's inner circles.  Japan was a VERY closed society in 1876, yet we are to believe that the Cruise character literally becomes one of them in a matter of months!<p>The film is beautiful to watch, with spectacular action and realistic battle scenes.  In spite of the obvious plot flaws, the film takes the opportunity to teach the viewer about Japanese culture; one sees the impact on future events (WWII and the Bushido Code, for example).  The final battle is inspiring, with the Spartan stand at Thermopylae being used to rally the Samurai against a clearly superior enemy.<p>All in all, 'The Last Samurai' was enjoyable in spite of it's Hollywood origins.  The whole idea of Tom Cruise as an adopted Japanese Samurai warrior really is farfetched, but somehow I left this film still impressed.  What it really comes down to is the supporting cast - they carried the film.  'Samurai' is really about Japan, and the Japanese actors did themselves and director Ed Zwick proud!
Amazing story, great cinematography.  For how ling this movie is, it's over way too fast.  Amazon streaming does a fantastic job, never had a buffering issue.
Lots of action and a gripping plot made this movie seem shorter than it's actual run time of 2 1/2 hours. As usual, Amazon was speedy with their delivery.
Remember that boring long mini series back in 1982 called Shogun?! Well... this movie is like that but better and shorter version; less than three hours! It's only 154 minutes long to be exact! Anyway, Tom Cruise delivers his finest performance as an ex-civil war hero who is hired to go to Japan and train the modern army against the samurais. However, during the first losing battle, he was captured and held as a prisoner at the camp filled with trained samurais. Then he falls in love with a wife of the slained warrior he killed during the first war in Japan. While he is living in the village as a "slave"; he learns the culture of the samurai people. Then he learns how to fight like them as well. After he is released and returned back to the then modern day Tokyo, he isn't welcomed among friends because he wears the samurai clothes instead of civilian clothes of the 1860's. Then Samurai General is kidnapped and thrown in the dungeon. Tom rescues him from prison  and escapes back to the village. They prepares for the war the following week. The final battle scene is amazing how sword bound samurais fighting rifle shooting Japanese army. And I will not tell you about the ending because you must buy this DVD! It's superb!
Could almost be a documentary I am half Japanese and this is a very good movie People should get this movie to learn a little bit about the feudal days of Japan
Brand new, perfect condition, good price, fast delivery.  This movie is a great story and reminds me that Tom Cruise can be way more the a Top Gun or Mission Impossible kind of guy.
Loved this movie! Very insightful and very well written. Watching the samurai and learning about their values  and the culture was really inspiring. I will definitely watch it again!
I really am so glad that I ordered this DVD.  Fast shipping got it to me quickly.  I really have enjoyed the story and the beauty of the movie.  I hope that others will see and enjoy this DVD as much as I have.
This was a great movie not because of Tom Cruise...but because Ken Watanabe steals the movie.  He is fantastic in this film and is an exceptional actor.  He makes the movie worth watching.  The scene at the end is beautifully played by Watanabe and a tearjerker.  If it wasn't for Cruise and his one dimensional acting, this movie could have been superb.
Many of the reviewers liken this movie to "Dances With Wolves" but though there are some similiarites, the main difference is in the main character played by Tom Cruise. I'm not always an avid fan of him and that has nothing to do with his Scientology views but this ranks as one of his best performances as a damaged Civil War vet who regains a sense of self when he encounters the Japanese culture--in particular, bushido.  Ken Watanabe is also excellent in his first starring English role and I think he was nominated for an Oscar if I'm not mistaken.  Being Asian I was entranced by Zwick's sensitive direction and also by the stunning photography.  If you can get this in Hi-Def (HD-DVD or Blu-ray), I would recommend it particularly since the HD DVD price is below $10!!
This is an amazing movie especially after watching the special features afterward. The collection of Japanese actors and their intense desire to be a part of this film... Visually beautiful with an insite to the Japanese culture. Very entertaining on several levels.
'The Last Samurai' is a one of those films that has it's flaws but you can't help but enjoy anyway. This film follows Cruise's character as he is captured by a Samurai clan and then learns the lifestyle and ways of a Samurai whilst living in their village. Throughout the story it immerses you in aspects of the history of Japan, and although slightly stylised, gives a good feeling of life and culture in those times. It has beautiful film locations, beautiful music, a good story line and a good cast. I feel this to be one of Cruise's better films and his performance is very credible. This film may be slightly long, but it holds your interest right to the end and is a great nights viewing. Well worth considering.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
This movie  was Phenomenal  the storyline surpassed my expectations.  The last Samurai is a great story The acting is great I believe this is one of if not the best Tom cruise film... If you enjoy stories about the Samurai or martial arts this movie is definitely for you...I originally thought how in the world could A movie Titled The Last Samurai Star Tom cruise,He's not Japanese?  but But i was blown away by how great this movie was and had to get it on Blu-ray disk
The beauty and emotion of this portrayal of two very different worlds coming together was well done. I'm brought to tears every time I watch it. The soundtrack is consuming and hypnotic.
Critics of The Last Samurai point out its obvious historically inaccuracies, the cheap ending, the tired plot already beaten to death before its predecessor Dances with Wolves stamped on the carcass, and the negative liberal view of the white man's legacy. All of these are valid points, but they lack support in light of the countless historical revisions filmed over the decades. One need only go back before the dawn of political correctness to see evidence of the contrary view of history; God-fearing white folk trying to scrape out a living on the frontier despite the devilish torment of the savage Injuns or white crusaders for Christ bringing salvation to the ignorant heathens beyond our shores. For the older among you who take exception to movies like The Last Samurai, Dances with Wolves, et al, I suggest you watch Birth of a Nation for some needed balance.<br />Furthermore, this movie never claims to be based on facts, so criticizing it for failing to represent history is the weak tool of conservatives too blinded by their own belief that America can do no wrong. These narrow-minded fools are no better than their self-righteous America-bashing adversaries. Somewhere in the middle lies reality.<br />The Last Samurai is an epic drama that focuses on the changes in a world, in a nation, and in a man. Troubled by his own violent past, Captain Algren (Tom Cruise in his limited, grinning, wide-eyed fashion) is the man who finds peace and forgiveness within himself through forced tenure among the Japanese in a Samurai village in 1876. The need for Cruise's character is debatable because the story of old ways coming to their end at the hands of dubious progress is worthy in and of itself, but this is a Hollywood movie and the movie never hides from its intended audience. The real treasure is in the sweeping scope of the cinematography, the insight to a way of life dramatically different from our own, powerful performances from the largely Japanese cast, an emotional score, and yes, the message, heavy-handed though it is.<br />Hollywood and history make for strange bedfellows, be it Jesus Christ or the Roman Empire, Jesse James or Wyatt Earp, Hollywood never takes on a historical character or movement it can't bring sympathy to using self-indulgent poetic license. Were it not morally reprehensible, they'd probably manage to make a compassionate film about the Nazis....if they haven't already.<br />There aren't a lot of great epic movies made because the balance between grandeur and excess or drama and action is perilous to maintain. The Last Samurai is worth the lengthy investment of time for the stirring emotional outpouring it wrenches from those willing to excuse the flaws and occasional cloying misstep.
Received shipment sooner than the anticipated timeline provided. Arrived in excellent condition and the quality was fantastic.
Excellent movie!! I loved it!!<br />Samurai are cool!!<br />This movie is a glimpse into the history of the Samurai Warrior, and his way of life. I recommend it to anyone interested in this subject.
Many critics and filmgoers panned Tom Cruise's performance and his lack of believability of being a samurai.  However, his performance is spot on in my opinion.  You can sense his seriousness and issues with the American army's and his own actions of the war.  You can sense his appreciation of Eastern culture and his experience as a Civil War veteran through his eyes, his body language, and the delivery of his lines.  While I thought seeing Cruise dressed as a samurai would be unbelievable, his performance transforms his character so well that by the end of the movie when he dons the samurai outfit, I was completely convinced.  Other performances are great as well, including Timothy Spall (the photographer) and especially Ken Watanabe.  The story is extremely well written and the action scenes are well done, with no extra choreography or special effects that make the action seem less authentic.  Finally, the score by Hans Zimmer.  It's easily my favorite thing about the film, and it's quite possibly the best soundtrack and score composed without being grandiose.  Zimmer uses many simplistic pieces that have two-note melodies but they're so poignant and fitting, that you can't not be moved by many scenes.  While some scenes are overly dramatic (like most of Edward Zwick's films), The Last Samurai is one of my all-time favorite films and deserves to be seen as equally as legendary and epic as similar films such as Braveheart and Gladiator.
Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe star in this 2003 war drama.<br />During the Civil War, A Captain meets a Samurai Leader<br />and learns from him. This is a good film and I think<br />it's one of Tom's best. This dvd has nice picture<br />and sound plus neat extras. I recommend this.
I WANT TO THANK THE SELLER FOR SENDING A GOOD PRODUCT WITH NO DAMAGE EVEN THOUGH IT WAS USED.  IT'S NICE TO BE ABLE TO ORDER WITH CONFIDENCE.  I WILL USE THIS SELLER AGAIN.<br />THANK YOU AMAZON FOR BEING PICKY ABOUT THE SELLERS THAT YOU ALLOW TO SELL ON YOUR SITE.
This is a good movie to watch if ur interested in samurais,which was pretty cool. When i bought this it was on sale for 9.99 and i just had to get it because i was skeptic about gettting it before because it was 20-30 bucks before and it wouldnt be worth it, because i could get some better with that money. But for the price i got it for it was a sweet deal and very good movie for those who havent seen it. It is a classic
My husband watched this movie on tv and wanted to purchase it for his collection.  Well worth the money.
This movie is really good. Honor, respect and dignity are some of the key words that are examined in different ways. Tom Cruise is not one of my favorite actors, but I can tolerate him in this one. He really put an effort toward the "troubled" soldier in this movie. His acting wasn't over the top, i think it was just right for the mental and physical condition of the character. A drunkard and actually a warrior seeking some means of relief from his tormenting dreams and conscience..Tom Cruise displayed that. The script was well written and the acting was well done. Warning that there are some gory scenes of death and decapitation. Therefore, it is a movie that is not for young children.
One of Tom Cruise's best, I wish he made more films like this! Looks great on Blu-ray my Dad loves it! Thanks Amazon.
For a picture of life in Japan during the Meiji Era (1868-1912), this movie does an excellent job of showing the division between the two societies battling for supremecy: the traditional Samurai and the new Western-style rule.  Cruise's character allows the viewer to be introduced into this foreign society, as well as see how his disillusionment mirrors some of the frustration that Katsumoto and his follower feel about the Emporer's abandonment of the old ways.  Granted, this is a highly romanticized view of the time period, and the ending may strike viewers as overly sappy, but overall, this is a solid story of adversity, change, and adaption during a tumultuous time.<br /><br />The extras, however, fail the movie in several different ways.  The commentary by Zwick is ok, if not a little boring, but two features that fall short of comeptency are:<br /><br />The History Channel: History vs. Hollywood<br /> - This is a truncated episode ("mini-doc")that leaves a lot of detail out.  While the Cruise interview carries what there is, the doc hints at some analysis on why one person believes the movie's storyline is very Hollywood.<br /><br />Japan Premiers<br /> - Footage of the 2003 premiers at both Tokyo and Kyoto.  Features interviews primarily of the Japanese cast and crew.  However, all of the Japanese interviews are in Japanese and no translation is available.  Since this is one of the only places where the Japanese actors speak at any length about their roles and experiences, not having translation available cheapens the inclusion in this Blu-ray disc.<br /><br />Considering the above, get this for the movie and enjoy it.  Then, watch the documentaries, but lower your expectations.
This edition is very good. The movie is excellent and look authentic. The extra credits are also a must see and are interesting and informative.
This epic swashbuckler is also the story of a man's search for peace and meaning, with a debt to both <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00008PBZZ">Dances with Wolves - Extended Cut (Two-Disc Collector's Edition)</a> and <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000A2ZNX">James Clavell's Shogun</a>.  It's 1876, bare months after Custer's Last Stand, and Capt. Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), a survivor of the Seventh Cavalry, is working as a huckster for the Winchester rifle company and doing his best to drown himself in drink.  Like Frank Hopkins of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005JMOW">Hidalgo (Widescreen Edition)</a>, he's tormented by memories of an attack on a camp of peaceable Indians--and quite ready to kill the C.O. (Tony Goldwyn) who ordered it.  When his old sergeant, Zebulon Gant (Billy Connelly), finds him and suggests the existence of a job just suited to him, he's intrigued, but his old Colonel's presence on the team does nothing for his enthusiasm.  The money does: $500 a month to travel to Japan, where the young Emperor Meiji (Shichinosuke Nakamura) has embarked upon a program to unify his country and bring in Western technology, and there help train the Imperial Army to fight a rebellious Samurai lord named Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe).  The Army turns out to be a ragtag band of conscripts that breaks in terror when it first faces the rebels, leaving Algren and Gant virtually alone, and when Gant is killed Algren goes berserk.  Katsumoto is deeply impressed by his fighting, and when Algren collapses, wounded and exhausted, he refuses to permit the American to be slain; instead, he takes him along as a prisoner, hoping to "understand our new enemy."  Slowly recovering his strength in the Samurai stronghold, Algren is at first little impressed by the Samurai ethos, but slowly he begins to realize the genuineness of their dedication and spirituality; always a quick study, he learns to speak Japanese and becomes so expert with the wooden practice swords that he fights Katsumoto's best warrior, Ujio (Jiroyuki Sanada), to a draw; and slowly he begins to understand that the Samurai, like the Indians, are fighting for their way of life.  A strange friendship grows up between him and Katsumoto, and Algren also finds himself attracted to his host's sister, whose husband he killed in the battle.  When the Emperor offers Katsumoto a safe-conduct to Tokyo, Algren goes there with him and is ready to leave the country, but on learning that the Samurai has been arrested and condemned to death, he engineers a daring plan to free him, and joins him in one last glorious but futile stand against the forces of modernity.<br /><br />Algren isn't always a likeable character, but he's very human and comprehensible, and Cruise portrays with sensitivity and believability his slow conversion to the Samuari cause.  (The film is based on fact: curious viewers might want to consult Wikipedia's article on the Meiji Restoration to see how it all began and what effects it had on later Japanese history, including the country's character today.)  Hans Zimmer's thunderous score <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000DZTIW">The Last Samurai</a> and the excellently choreographed duel and battle scenes are pluses, and while the movie is rated R for violence, discreet and creative camerawork prevents any really shocking or disgusting sequences.  This "romantic vision of a lost world," as Time Magazine called it, will impress you and stay with you.
This movie is probably one of the best movies Tom Cruise has starred in as far as a storyline goes. While it may not be an action movie along the lines of the Mission Impossible series, it is a love story told against the backdrop of feudal Japan. The scenery is gorgeous and it actually has a plot to the story.
What a great movie the lands japan it's so beautiful in HD Blue Ray great disc.
Anyways, this product is amazing and the quality is superb, sorry I erased by mistake the rating but the reality is that from the transaction to the delivery was correct.!!!
Perfect.<br /><br />Hans Zimmer is a true genius and he has composed here the best score of his career so far. The music transcend the movie and the landscapes are just to-die-for. I own both DVD and Bluray of this film to be able to play it whenever and wherever I want.<br /><br />True, it's not so historical but never claimed to be. Sit back, relax and enjoy the ride offered by a perfect cast.<br /><br />Nothing to waste here, and that's quite rare so I better mention it!
The best movie I have seen so far this year, it is absolutely wonderful. I recommend it to anyone and everyone, a must if you like good movies.
The story follows a disillusioned American Civil War hero, Captain Nathan Algren, played by Tom Cruise, as he goes to Tokyo to train the Japanese army, who are embroiled in a battle with the remaining traditional Samurai. The Americans are there for the money, and that money is provided by the Emperor's Westernized advisors who want the Samurai out of the picture so that they may continue be the power behind the Emperor and increases their own wealth. In an early battle however, Algren is captured by the Samurai and held by them for the winter. During this time he learns the way of the Samurai and eventually ends up fighting alongside them - breaking his allegiance to the country he once fought for.<br /><br />Ken Watanabe in his performance as the samurai leader Katsumoto dominates the screen. Through Watanabe we see that the samurai are noble and intelligent. Hiroyuki Sanada was impressive as Ujio, the tough, brutal, yet loyal and disciplined Samurai.<br /><br />This film has amazing sets and battles. The sword fights are well rehearsed and the cinematography is well orchestrated. The costumes were striking and good replicas for a period movie. This film reminded me of Dances with wolves, which I also liked. Its not about which culture is more superior, it is about our mutual willingness to listen and learn from each other.
We are huge fans of Japanese historical films and samurai epics ("Seven Samurai" being the Valhalla of the genre)so we lined up early to see "Last Samurai."  I had seen the reviews with mixed feelings, fearful that Cruise's "Top Gun" arrogance would crash through the culture like a Hummer.<p>As it turned out, the Japanese cast led by Ken Watanbe keeps Cruise under control.  It was a little troubling to see Cruise's character completely master Katana technique and Iai waza in a single season, but I guess he had to to keep the plot moving.  Also, Cruise is a bit like Milton Berle - he has to be the last man off of every scene.  But Watanabe steals the movie and the supporting cast is terrific.  For once, Cruise doesn't seduce the woman who is forced to keep him in her house, and she complains that he smells bad. <p>In the end, the movie is a spectacular paen to Bushido culture. (I haven't yet asked an old friend of mine who survived Bataan what he thought of this movie).  The movie tackles a tricky and contradictory period of Japanese history, the great inner conflict between modernists (who won) and the feudalists, who probably were not all noble.  But heck, its the action scenes which are worth enduring Tom Cruise, and I sure liked watching him get pummeled by Watanabe's No. 2.  <p>If Japan rejected the West as the movie ultimately indicates, it sure didn't last long.  In this respect, it has a strong similarilty to "Dances With Wolves", not only for its worshipful depiction of a dying culture, but favoring the twilight over the end.
Tom Cruise gives a stellar performance! The historical and cultural backgrounds were perfect. The traditional Samurai sense of honor and respect prevails even through the darkest period in their history. Ken Watanabe did an outstanding job portraying Katsumoto, the strong and honorable leader of the last army of samurai. Holding out and fighting against all odds for what he believes in, honor. The only complaint i have with this movie is that it had to end. The battle scenes were nothing short of miraculous. Finally a movie that gives the samurai all of the credit they deserve! 5 STARS!
This movie is the awesomest movie ever. I cannot wait to buy my own copy! The only real weak point in the movie was the ending, but that was made up for with the awesome battle sequences and storyline! If you liked this movie i also suggest reading Shogun, on which the movie was based.
I do not have any interest in these kind of movies but a friend of mine wanted to see it so I went along not looking to enjoy the movie at all. Boy was I surprised at how good this movie was. It makes you feel for the Samurai and it is just a moving story all together. I don't recall seeing Ken Watanabe(Samurai's leader) in any other movie but believe me he steals the show in this one. I would compare it to Robert Duvall playing Gus in Lonesome Dove, Ken is Katsumoto. Great job by Tom Cruise, his best movie in awhile. Trust me on this one you will be pleasantly surprised at how good of a movie this is. I will own it on DVD the day it comes out.
I wasn't too sure about the movie at first but now i'm really glad that i went to see it.  It shows an insight on what how the samurais lived, their beliefs and their values.  The main storyline, shown through focusing on the uprising of the samurai against rapid modernization, is the journey that is taken by tom cruise's character.  He goes from the disillusioned American soldier who has lost all meaning of what he was fighting for after killing innocent Native Americans to finding peace with himself and discovering something worth giving his life for. The acting was superb, the storyline was riveting, the landscape was beautiful, the music was captivating, and the battle scenes...bloody? (i didn't see much...i was hiding behind my soda).  on a shallower note, fans of legolas...in this movie, you will find a japanese legolas! kyaa! kyudo! ^_~
"The Last Samurai" is an excellent film, respectful of its source material even while telling a fictional story.  The "foreigner joins a warrior culture, taking on their strange dress and winning their respect" story is well-represented on film and in history, from Bonnie Prince Charlie to "Lawrence of Arabia" and "Dances with Wolves," as well as the Japanese-themed "Shogun," which is based on the life of Miura Anjin/William Adams.  Here, Tom Cruise is the stranger in a strange land, and the Samurai of Japan are the warrior culture. <p>Being no stranger to Samurai films of Japanese history, I was pleased by all aspects of "The Last Samurai."  Both the modernizing Meji government and the past-looking Samurai of the period are well represented, although the Samurai come out looking much better.  The warrior code of Bushido is not explained, and the lifestyle is completely romanticized, yet this is a movie and not a history text.  Emperor Meji is well-played, which surprised me.  He is neither hero nor villain.  And there are ninjas, which improves every film.<p>In the vein of the big Hollywood epics, "The Last Samurai" serves up healthy doses of sweeping score, beautiful vistas and Japan-landscape eye candy.  The country has rarely looked so beautiful, although I bet some technicians spent plenty of time computer-erasing the omni-present power lines.  The samurai armor,while not historically accurate, looks beautiful on film.  There are more than a few scenes that leap beautifully from a Kurosawa flick.  A great looking cast helps as well.<p>To this day, Japan has difficulty rationalizing tradition and modernization, as can be seen in books such as "Dogs and Demons."  "The Last Samurai" has some good lessons for modern Japan, and some good entertainment for us all.
I'm not generally emotional in movies.  I can only remember ever crying for two - and this was certainly one of them.  In the last scenes, I was bawling.  This is not to say that the ending is sad, however, and I hope I won't give it away by saying it gave me a sort of peace.<p>I must recommend this movie.  It's the best that I've seen this year.  One of my friends who hates when Americans usurp a role that should have been played by a person indigenous to the country the movie was set in refused to see it.  However, Tom Cruise does not and cannot steal the spotlight in this movie.  The spotlight is aptly directed at the true last samurai and the actors that play them (and do so excellently).  The Japanese locales that the movie is shot in are absolutely breathtaking - they reminded me of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon's snapshots of China.  Also, for all you ladies out there who think this is a guy movie: there is plenty of action, but go see it anyway, because the action is not at the heart of the movie.  This is a movie for everyone.
I don't like Tom Cruise but this movie is great. The story is  great
Truly an excellent movie. Exemplification of the word "honor". Well worth watching. You'll walk away from it with a greater vision of life.<br /><br />By the way, I'm not a big fan of Tom Cruise but I'll wholeheartedly say he played his role magnificently.
This is an outstandingly written, directed and acted film with a fascinating subject matter, the Japanese Samurai. The Blu-ray copy is an upgrade from the DVD in sound and picture quality. Bonus Features are excellent. Highly recommend this film.
I'm not a big Tom Cruise fan, but I can't think of anyone else who could have done as well in this movie.  The additional segments about the making of the movie, Japanese culture, and the Samurai were also very good.
This movie is in my must see collection. I'm not a big fan of Tom Cruise, but he plays his part well in this. Truly a must see - especially on a big screen.
sometimes makes a good movie. The Last Samurai is. Historical? Hardly. Take a few grains: yes, Samurai existed in Japan as an ancient, militaristic culture, a law unto themselves, & Japan was opening itself up to the west at the time of the movie (1876). Aside from that... Cruise is an emotionally damaged hero of the civil & Indian wars. He is contracted to whip the Japanese army into a fighting force. Who is the enemy? The Samurai, who are much admired & feared through-out Japan. They refuse to surrender to modernity & give up their way of life. In battle he is captured by the Samurai. Their leader is played very well by Ken Watenabe. He is impressed by Cruise's fighting skills & spares him. Can you guess the rest? Of course. It's right out of Dances with Wolves but probably less accurate. While a prisoner he adopts the Samurai lifestyle.  Oh the pain, the inner conflict, the over-acting. I said it was a GOOD movie (C+). That's it. The Samurai are doomed, destroyed by time  more than anything else. Well done battle scenes. Lots of really good extras in this two disc set. Cruise is really charismatic & likeable in the extensive interviews he gave. He put a lot of time & effort into this movie. Lots of background & interviews with other principals. They even had The History Channel episode History or Hollywood? about the movie & the "history" behind it. In some ways the extras are better than the movie.
The year is 1876, Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) has been hired by the Japanese in order to help the Imperial Japanese Army become more 'modern' and less 'traditional' and ultimately prepare them to fight the legendary Samurai. Events occur that cause Tom Cruise to be a captive of the deadly but extremely polite Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) who is the leader of the Japanese Samurai. This is where the movie really starts to shine and and a beautiful forgotten world that we know little about comes alive thanks to the great director Edward Zwick and the ledgendary Hans Zimmer brings an unforgettable soundtrack.<br /><br />Tom Cruise has been in the movie industry for a long time and to date in my opinion this is by far his best performance. He discovered after his capture that the samurai are peaceful and as bad as they are made out to be, Cruise's character becomes emotionally bound to them and he integrates himself into their society after working hard to earn their trust. Another special part of the film is that a relationship develops between Algren and a quiet widow by the name of Taka, however this isn't a main part of the film it shows that the film isn't all about power and a disappearing nation but an emotional and beautiful aspect of the film.<br /><br />The Last Samurai is a deep emotional and violent film which has become a  triumphant in the movie industry. Thanks for it's gripping storytelling, and excellent character design. By far Tom's Cruise's finest hour.
So I won't make comparisons with that movie. I thought this is a well-done film. Sympathetic, and respectful of our culture. Thank you Hollywood and Zwick and Logan from a 'nihonjin.' I thought Cruise did a great job. I didn't see any of the reckless grinning that he known for, and he did a great portrayal of a disillusioned but fierce and loyal soldier. And this was exactly how many of the samurai felt in that era. This was a great fantasy film about a time of great change in Japan. You have to remember this is a fairy tale, but the Meiji Restoration was a turning point in Japan's history that I am happy that Americans can be better aquainted with. And the love scenes were well crafted, no obligatory sex scene (thats absolutely impossible for a gaijin and nihonjin in that time period!!!) It was a stretch to see Cruise handle a katana so well, and I was prepared to laugh going into the movie, but the story really turned me around, it was so well done that it felt natural.
Okay, so I might like Tom Cruise more than your average person, but no one can say this movie was poorly done or that the acting was bad.<br /><br />EXCELLENT movie!!
Just a really well done movie. This has it all: an epic scale, a love story, outstanding soundtrack, and fight scenes. Plain greatness.
I love historical dramas, and this was a really wondrous story. Anyone who loves history will love this film. Tom Cruise was at his height in acting. All the Japanese actors were great. I'm ordering Shogun for the Japanese history.
Though I'm not a huge fan of Cruise's, his acting's been getting better with age. The Last Samurai is a solid film that shows us cultural clashes between American ideals and Japanese philosophies in a truly enjoyable way. Definitely worth watching!
This is a movie that is based in ancient japan and shows you the real way of the samurai. It was a time when old japan was being destroyed and the new japan was being born. It gives you a better understanding about that time period in japan. It really was a big part of history for japan. It just a great film.
Excellent depiction of Japanese culture and the conflict between traditional and modern forces.  Great movie.
Well, I remember the first time I came across this film when my school decided to take the senior boys to the movie, I being one of them those days. 'Last Samurai'. I was absolutely tantalized by the direction, by the beautifull scenario of Japan in the 19th Century, the war, etc. This film unlike many other battle and war oriented films is very very different and its not just the war or the battle sequences that overwhelmes your mind completely., I emphasize that! its also the emotional bond between each charecter. Ken Wantanbe and Tom Cruise were excellent and yes 'Taka' the sweet and beautifull sister of Wantanbe, how could I ever forget her. I am glad I got the movie finally on a DVD. The dvd is the typical loaded dvd with lots of extra features and the documentries were very interesting indeed. Thank you Amazon.com once again. Would purchase from here again!
This was a very important part of history that everyone should want to know, also important to see how the western civilization affected nations across the globe.
I am not necessarily a Tom Cruise fan but I thought he did an outstanding job in this role.  I loved this movie.  It was well cast and written.
I think that this is a great movie for my collection. I am not only a costumer here but also a Seller, and let me tell you this movie is a keeper no doubt. Great visuals and great story!
The video/audio transfer has excellent quality like what I experienced from other WB blu-ray discs in addition to being an enjoyable movie.
Although not a box-office hit and factually inaccurate, I love this movie and would definitely put it in my top 10 favorites of all time.  My wife just bought me a PS3 and I had to pick up a blu-ray disk to see the difference for myself.  With SO MANY terrible, terrible movies available on blu-ray (Flyboys, Stealth, and Reign of Fire - the movie i consider to be one of the worst of all time - just to name a few), I decided to pick this up even though I already owned it on DVD.  I had seen the movie in HD on DirecTV before, so there were no surprises regarding quality, but I was still really impressed when switching between this and the 480p picture produced by my DVD player.  The colors are much more vibrant, the clarity is remarkable and it serves to submerse you in a movie that was already great as it was.  As a huge fan of the movie as well as of HD picture quality, I was happy to pick this up at Best Buy for $25, but I probably wouldn't recommend getting this if you have it on DVD already unless you're a big fan.  Now, if they could just get the Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu-Ray...
I just read one review that said the HD-DVD looks just like the DVD. I don't know what kind of equipment this guy is using, but on my 57" Sony HDTV, the difference is remarkable. This was admittedly my first HD-DVD purchase (and if I'm not mistaken, one of the first movies to be released on HD-DVD), but I am very picky about audio and video quality. The opening scenes had me speechless when I saw how clear and vivid everything looked. I subscribe to Dish Network along with their HD package, and this movie even makes those beautiful HD channels seem like something is missing. (The reason being that satellite channels contain more compression artifacts than HD-DVD.)<br /><br />If you're a fan of the movie and have an HD-DVD player, don't hesitate. It's incredible.
As a teacher of the martial arts and more specifically Bushido. I try to instill a sense of morality in my students. Think what you will about tom Cruise (Love him or hate him) but his character is a good balance to the movie and helps mainstream an otherwise "foreign film" even people I know that will not typically watch a martial arts film enjoy this one. Ken  Watanabe is the best as Katsumoto. They couldn't have picked anyone else. The sense of honor is timeless. The blood is minimal for a movie of this genre.
Good American samurai movie, but the ending was totally hollywood. If you want to see a real samurai movie check out Azumi and aragami.
Ken Watanabe stole this show.  My feelings for Cruise aside, I did enjoy this film though it does bare (story structure-wise) a gross simiarlity to Dances with Wolves.  In fact, had the whole story been about Watanabe's character this could have been a better movie--that and we avoid the whole Brave Heart/ The Patriot ending.  Overall, you we be entertained.
When I watch it at first time, I really respected of Samurai. Tom played as captain Algren who is fascinated by Samurai. It was very good film.But, we should not think that is like Japanese history, because the time when film set up and some buildings such as house, castle is different period of Japan.
Wow. This movie deserves so many awards I can't even think of enough.  This movie was the first movie to make me cry watching it.  This movie had to be the most inspirational movie I have ever seen. If you haven't seen it yet, you have to see it.  Gladiator almost got me into tears at the end, but this movie finally did it.  If you liked Gladiator, you will love this movie, especially if you are interested in Oriental culture.
I was kinda disappointed at "The Last Samurai".  I was attracted to the idea of an American soldier, as played by Tom Cruise, and a group of samurai.  However, what I discovered was a carbon copy of other works by director Edward Zwick, plus a little "Dances With Wolves" on the side.<br /><br />Let's see: Tom Cruise plays an outcast soldier who finds himself looking for redemption in the company of some samurai, who kidnap him while training some Japanese soldiers to fight against those samurai.  This is like Matthew Broderick, who plays a soldier and finds redemption by training and commanding a group of African-Americans in "Glory" -Zwick's best movie.  Also, it's similar to "Legends Of The Fall", where Brad Pitt plays a desertor from the Army during WWI and finds redemption with a group of indians.  So, in those Edward Zwick movies, we find outcast soldiers in Broderick, Pitt, and Cruise.  Ah, and let's not forget Kevin Costner, who also plays an outcast soldier who finds comfort with the Sioux in "Dances With Wolves"; only Zwick didn't direct that movie, Costner did.<br /><br />However, not all in "The Last Samurai" is negative.  I have to admit that I fell in love with LOTR's Ngila Dickson's costumes; the cinematography by, I think, by Caleb Deschanel is truly enchanting; Ken Watanabe's outstanding performance as samurai leader Katsumoto is electrifying and charming at the same time; and, more importantly, Hans Zimmer's eclectic and marvelous music score, which I consider a great guilty pleasure of mine.<br /><br />In the end, I don't think "The Last Samurai" is a classic.  I just wished Edward Zwick had taken a different approach on a film that promised too much.
When it first came out, i had no interest as i felt after learning of the story, that while tom cruise is a good action film actor, he didnt possess the depth of skill to pull off a film of this nature.<br /><br />After catching pieces of it on cable, i decided to make an effort and watch it from beginning to end, and did so a second time.  I then bought it and watched it  again.  I became immersed in it more deeply each time, realizing that there is a great deal of subtlety and depth not obtainable from an initial viewing.  From the strength of the superb supporting characters, to the gradual changing of cruise's character, and the details of the time re-created so credibly by the filmmakers, this was an excellent film of substance, not traditionally done by hollywood.<br /><br />While i have seen Dances with wolves, as others have complained about the lack of originality of the storyline, i feel that not to be completely accurate.  I also feel cruise's portrayal was more convincing than Costner's, and that this film is of equal power and effectiveness.  There are, like all films, weaknesses, such as the lack of exploration of the samurai's rejection of modernity, (a deleted scene on disc 2 touches upon this), and the dialogue can be a bit lacking, such as the exchange between katsumoto and the emperor as to how the situation should be handled, these are minor in the grand epic that is the last samurai.  Watch it with an open mind, and scrutinize the background/secondary characters, all of whom - especially ujio - were excellent.  And imho, it was a better picture than Return of the king, but than again, hollywood picked Titanic over LA Confidential for best picture, so who said hollywood is a place for the intelligent?
What a great movie.  Acting is excellent, movie is suspensful and exciting, action is extrodinary.  I have to say i was so embarrased to see Tom Cruise in that ridiculous outfit on the preview.  When i saw it my mind completely changed though.  I honestly can't think of anything that would make the movie better.  The fights were brilliant, nothing looked even the slightest bit fake.  The story was excellent and exciting tell the end.  I really was not expecting much out of this other than some good fights but after seeing it i had to buy it the day it came out.  I loved everything about this movie and there is nothing i can critisize on.  Excellent movie, a must see.
This movie has it all. Drama, action, amazing battle scenes - the best I've ever seen.  It's definitely a must see.
Lots of action....lots of action....and still lots of action!! Good movie with a great storyline!!! Tom Cruise did a wonderful job in this movie....just be warned...there are many scenes of blood and guts...:)
I enjoyed the film, and will watch it again.<br />  It certainly does have its limitations though... Insufficient character development, under-developed plot, and a fair amount of things that in perspective to the history and culture being treated are just plain silly.<br />  This film could have been so much more, but alas it seems the film makers just didn't have it in them to go beyond the ordinary and produce something truly special.<br />  The soundtrack was the usual sorry mediocrity put out by Zimmer.. (to cut him some slack, it seems he works too much - how many films does he score in a year?)<br /><br />  Ultimate conclusion: Somewhat enjoyable, but nothing more. And frankly with a few offensive elements (which ironically were put in to make it more politically correct...)<br /><br />P.S.<br />Seems to me that certain someones may have been watching some Rurouni Kenshin before making this film... hmmm....
I always was interested in the idea and ideals of the Samurai, but no one movie can envelope as much as this one. Others, like Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai, tend to only cover the ideals but twist the images we all have with the word &quot;Samurai&quot; by urbanizing it or whatever. This movie is great all around, of course there are things that someone will complain about, but I am completely satisfied with this film. Every actor/actress (Cruise, Watanabe, etc.) pull off each roll so believably, that you tend to either want or plain out give all your attention to this path that the Samurai take. The fighting is great because it shows the actually processes that original Samurai used to both follow, show, and perform in their everyday lives. Some of the images are straight out of a dream or a book about the Samurai. The areas are just gorgeous. The foreign actors, also bring a whole new respect to all others through this film. Overall this film is very emotional for some, but most of all, a tribute to the image and values of the Samurai. Hope you like it just as much as I did.
"The Last Samurai" was a story about a man who changes the way that he feels about a certain type of people in Japan. It stars Tom Cruise, but to me he was not the star of the film. I feel that the movie had most of its power from the supporting actor Ken Watanabe. The way that he acted throughout the movie could give him the Oscar in the Best Supporting Actor Catagory. The entire movie could win many different awards, and I'm glad that Tom Cruise was not nominated, because I have seen him in much better roles, like "Minority Report," or "Vanilla Sky." His great scene comes towards the end, where he gives emotion and power at once.<p>Cruise plays Captain Nathan Algren, a Civil War hero who loves to drink. He's recently come from battling American Indians in the west, and often had bad memories of what took place during those battles. But Algren gets a job when Japanese businessman Omura wants him to train the new army, with somebody that he knows Bagley. Bagley wants Algren because of the way that he battled the Indians. Algren agrees when he is able to bring his fellow Army fighter Sergeant Zebulon Gant. When they make it to Japan, they are met by the translator Simon Graham, and they begin to train the troops for battle. But Omura wants them to fight the samurai and their leader Katsumoto right away, and overrules Algren causing him to take his inexperienced troops to battle the Katsumoto. Algren is almost killed during the battle, but taken back to Katsumoto's village, which is ruled by his son. Algren is trapped, and there is no way for him to be able to return back to Japan. While with Katsumoto, he learns all about the way of the samurai and he finds out that there is nothing wrong with the people that Omura wants to kill. But it also becomes clear that Bagley is getting ready to fight. Algren befriends Katsumoto, and the two learn that they have much more in common then they oringally thought, and it becomes clear to Algren what he must do.<p>"The Last Samurai" was a beautiful film. It had a beautiful sceney, beautiful action, some beautiful acting, and beautiful direction. I really did love it, and I am including it on the best of 2004, only beause I saw it at the very beginning of this year. This is one of those movies that you have to see in the theatre, otherwise it is not going to be an good. It is a big screen movie, and I have a feeling that I would have been disappointed if I saw it on video first. Try and see it now, before it totally disappears.<p>ENJOY!<p>Rated R for strong violence and battle sequences.
The way of Samurai is the way of Death.<p>I think Tom Cruise really understood that and he can die happy now.<p>See the film and think about your death - will it be so beautiful<br />and meaningful as the death of Katzumoto?<p>The film: Five stars definitely.
This is movie is so great. I am really dissappointed that Tom Cruise wasn't nominated for an Oscar for his wonderful acting. He does such a good job to make us feel for his character and care about what happens to him and the samurai. The action is wonderful and there is no unnecessary romantic scenes like it seems many movies do these days. It is such a wonderful movie for the whole family and it's dissappointing to see that it wasn't nominated for an Oscar. Watch this movie, and if you've already seen it, watch it again!!!
On seeing Edward Zwick's "The Last Sumurai", I had to deal with mixed feelings, good news and bad news. The good news: this is a big, beautiful movie relating an unusual story. In 1876 California an ex-Union officer Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), who has battle scars both physical and psychic, is hired by Japanese diplomats to train an American-style army for the Emperor, conscripted against a renegade samurai Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe). Katsumoto hates the Western ways increasingly threatening Japan. (Katsumoto's tragic story is not really that distant: it was only three decades ago that Yukio Mishima, frustrated in his attempt to protect Japan from the sterile corruption of Westernization, committed seppuku.) Algren's campaign to train the Emperor's forces is not too successful (when he orders them to hold fire, they don't), and his first encounter with the rebel forces finds him a wounded prisoner. Algren is taken to Katsumoto's mountain outpost and kept alive so that "we may learn our enemy". One aspect of Japanese culture Algren is immediately obssessed with is sake; but as his stay lengthens he becomes more attentive, learning the language, mastering kendo, and enjoying a Kyogen performance. In return, he attempts to teach baseball to the village boys; but they seem to miss the concept, trying to catch the base runner instead of the ball. (They've come a long way.) Cruise is an attractive actor, and this may be his best performance to date. Algren is introduced as a bitter, indeed a broken man; but as his outlook becomes more philosophical there is a sincere depiction of a character desiring to understand the strange world around him. Cruise's scenes with Watanabe, another charismatic actor, are the film's most defining. Eventually, Algren takes sides with the samurai rebel, and when their Japanese forces face the Emperor's Japanese forces on the battlefield, it must seem like d&eacute;j&agrave; vu to the Civil War veteran, but this point is not belabored. The climatic battle is strikingly photographed by John Toll, as is the whole production. The world of mid-19th Century Japan is richly reproduced, and there's even a fascinating glimpse of 1876 San Francisco. The bad news: there is a major problem with "The Last Samurai" and it's the ending. Why in the name of Chikamatsu did Zwick and his co-scenarists Marshall Herskovitz and John Logan, after creating such a sensitive and arresting story, mar it with such a weak conclusion? All we need is a Henry Mancini coda. But, the ending notwithstanding, "The Last Samurai", spectacular and intelligent, was one of the best movies of 2003.
What a rush! This is one of the best movies I have seen in a very very long time. I will not bother giving a synopses for the movie, but I will tell you what I loved. The movie has a great theme, that of a man seeking to atone for his sins. In the end, he finds the means to forgive himself through the help of another man, Kasamoto and his culture. Granted, there are several historial inaccurate items, but that does not stop this from being a great and enjoyable movie.<p>Tom Cruise name might get first billing for this movie, but Ken Watanabe steals the show as the honourable Kasamoto. He has rightly been honoured with a Academy Awards nomination. If anything, watch the movie for him!
"The Last Samurai" is BY-FAR - without a doubt - THE BEST MOVIE EVER in the history of movie-making! Returns us to the classics! They don't make them like this anymore! A MUST-SEE! AND a MUST-sweep for the Oscars, the Golden Globes, the Screen Actors Guild, and the remainder of the awards season! Tom Cruise (Captain Nathan Algren) gives the best performance of his career! And Ken Watanabe (Lord Katsumoto) and Koyuki (Taka) give OUTSTANDING supporting performaces! TWO THUMBS WAY UP!!! My favorite movie of ALL TIME!
The Last Samurai is a Romantic film starring Tom Cruise as Captain Nathan Algren, a leader in the US army whose experiences in driving out Indian tribes such as the Cheyenne have not left him. Algren is a compulsive drinker, his drinking helps him to forget the Indian massacres of which he took part in, yet he cannot stop his nightmares. When asked to accept a job training the modern Japanese army far across the Pacific, he accepts the offer for money. He accepts, and the poorly trained army is attempted to be taught by the US generals ready to impress the modernity craving japanese emperor, and thus there is a push to attack the rebellious "Samurai" culture - those who are standing up for that which is not modern, retaining their old values and traditions and insisting on using classical weapons and not gaudy rifles. Tom Cruise does not believe that the poorly trained modern Japanese militia group can yet tackle the Samurai, and he has not yet learned enough of them. When the fight occurs, most of the modern army is killed or runs away. Algren is left to fight "flag" to sword combat with 5 efficiently trained Samurai warriors, who he presently manages to fight off as the flag he holds of a white tiger symbolizes this new white man with a robust vigor and bravery in such a subject. When he collapses, he still manages to kill one more Samurai who was about to end Algren's own life. Right before the other four Samurai exact their revenge, the rebellious leader, Katsumoto, stops them and takes him back to the Samurai village. There he is taken care of, yet throughout this time the story beings to wither. Sentimental and exciting yes, but the culture issue clearly posted a problem which the writers efficiently yet hastily attempted to cover up. During this period of recovery, there is much conversation between Algren and Katsumoto, the only other English speaker. There is much shared between the two cultures, and Algren learns to adapt to the Samurai way of life. Yet this has its weak points; such a brave Samurai reactionary community who stuck to their ideas would not have been so open to Algren; later on in the movie Algren even kisses the wife of the samurai he kills earlier. Of course it is a short kiss, and it takes an interminable amount of time for it to happen, but its sentiment was its only purpose for existing; it was not a realistic idea no matter how paternalistic or subservient women in the culture were. Complements of course to the directors and the writers for the usage of symbolism. For example, Algren stays with the Samurai for almost a year, honing up on his skills and learning Japanese. When he is returned with safe conduct back to the modern area, he is received among a flurry of rapid and liberal changes. The army has uniforms, is extremely well-trained, and in addition has access to Howitzer cannons and 200 round per minute machine guns. Algren realizes what has happened, and stops his drinking, symbolic of finally confronting his problems. After learning that Katsumoto will be killed for such an idea, he rescues him and joins with the Samurai. THe rescue of course is slightly unrealistic. One of the Samurai virtues is shame in losing, causing them to commit suicide as part of their culture. Katsumoto must do so or be killed by the modern Japanese, as they leave him in a room with a knife. When Algren shows up with a witty Bond line, there is little intercourse before the conservative leader willingly gives up his tradition and agrees to escape. Again, good movie, good entertainment, but also great clashing in cultural tradition. There is a nice allusion to Thermopylae later on, as the 500 Samurai prepare to fight the now several thousand modern Japanese troops when safely back in the Samurai village. When they are back, Katsumoto mentions to Algren about a specific blossoming tree while in an orchard with many such trees and many such blossoms. Katsumoto notes that just like the blossoms, the people would slowly die out. As they prepare for the modern Japanese attack, the relationship is furthered between Algren and Taka, the woman whose husband he killed. She allows him to wear her husband's Samurai armor, and they kiss. THAT is an error, a bad direction which should not have been ventured in. From here, the movie becomes interminable as the climax music is played and calmed and replayed, the apparent final battle stretching into more than one; the apparent final scene still an hour from the end. The fighting scenes are numerous, and though they entertain the eyes they bore the mind. One asks, which battle will end the fighting? Finally, there are but less than a score of Samurai calvalry left alive, and the modern Japanese general commands the army to mow them down using the perhaps 5 or 6 new machine guns. THough Algren and Katsumoto heroically ride in front and are shot by the guns last, this scene is EXCELLENTLY done as the director dims all sound during hte firing of the guns and accentuates the ease of cranking the new machines, a slow crank to pump 200 rounds per minute. Of course these 1877 war machines were most likely loud and imperfect, but the director portrays the focus of the ease of turning the cranking and mowing down some of the final cultural remains of Japan to symbolize the ease of supporting modernity and the ease of ignoring the previous culture, the ease in going with the flow. Of course, as soon as Katsumoto goes down, even in disregard to the general, the whole modern Japanese army take off their hats and bow to the dead leader, who decided now it IS okay for him to commit suicide, changing back to his tradition. It is Algren's fate to survive every battle he is in, thus he is the "last samurai," the only man left, and there is a clear disappointment when the army bows down instead of allowing his torture to continue. Yet the movie is not over... Algren must talk to the emperor (and this is where it gets really cheesy) and walk in right before the US treaty is signed and give him insight into the Samurai way of life, causing him to reject the treaty and explain that his country could not ignore their heritage. The end of the story is narrated by a Historian of whom i failed to mention earlier, one who is from England and supports the modern side but helps Algren and other Samurai to get Katsumoto to escape. His role is portrayed as unbiased, and he is given Algren's diary and explanations to write a book. Clearly a Romantic movie about non-conformity and fighting for the conservative and traditional values of an antique heritage, the narrator describes how the "American Captain's" history after that was a legend, listing some beliefs. The end of the movie portrays Algren walking back to the Samurai town, where on the way (another excellent job) one of the blossoming trees which Katsumoto points out earlier can be seen in the background - not with a multitude of flowers but rather very few; a dying but surviving culture. As he enters the town, Taka sees him and smiles. So for all intensive purposes, this movie would get a B. It is entertaining, there is a hint of suspense, and there is an excellent use of symbols. Yet, the movie tends to make several errors (such as tense scenes where the reactinary Samurai tradition is forfeited easily for a liberal idea, or when there are unbiased intercultural relations) and it tends to go on far too long. I would reccomend paying 9 dollars to see this movie, especially if you don't analyze everything like I do. The movie makes sense, the plot makes sense, but an intellectual may find him or herself occupied in simply enjoying bloody intense fighting as a sacrifice in place of any thought process whatsoever.
Being that this film is based on actual historical occurences it could've been the typical Hollywood silliness extraordinaire complete with massive innacuracies, tons of cheese and syrup, and a dishwashed script.<p>  Incredibly, most of the above was avoided with the exception maybe of the historical innacuracies but even those coul've been severe and they weren't.<p>  As the plot has been detailed by other reviewers I'll stick to the impression this film leaves you with. The "Last Samurai" is actually a pretty cool flick. The theme (encountered in other older films as well) of the westerner who goes over to Asia with the mindset of a clueless brute only to be engulfed by the age-old philosophy he comes in contact with there is well in effect here and it works like a dandy.<p>  Cruise gives his usual very good performance but the show is actually stolen by the Japanese cast headed by the "Katsumoto" character (the Samurai leader) who's simply a treat to watch.<p>  There is loads of battling in vast open fields and a lot of gore that accompanies it, and these escenes are absolutely great. The martian arts choreography is excellent and the filming is impeccable as well.<p>  But what makes the film really tick are the sequences where after Cruise has been captured by the Samurai he has long and intriguing conversations with Katsumoto while at the same time he's trying to come to grips with a culture he not only doesnt understand but which charms him to death. These sequences are the top stuff this film has to offer and it does so with style.<p>  While the Last Samurai does remind of the Lord of the Rings when it comes to the spectacular battle scene and it equally reminds of Braveheart with the super-underdogs taking on bravely the hordes of mechanised soldiers sent by the emperor to crush their rebellion it still maintains a life and heart of its own and keeps you hooked till the end which is (sadly)predictable, conventional and somewhat corny.<p>  That, along with the fact that it is probably 20 minutes too long are the only minuses i could attribute to it. Sure, this is Hollywood spreading cliches again, as the Samurai werent as noble as they are usually portrayed since they mindlessly accepted any order coming from the emperor and that included massacring "opponents" at his order regardless of guilt or innocence. But this type of cliche was to be expected.<p>  Overall though, this is a probably unexpectedly cool film. Definately recommended, allthough if you see it on a small screen you'll be inevitably missing out on the great photography and camera work, but most importnatly the stunning combat scenes, many of which are shot aereally.
Recipe for instant Tom Cruise samurai flick: Take your basic samurai period drama, insert Tom Cruise, and water down liberally. Stir in cliches and do not season at all. The result? "The Last Samurai," a very dull, colorless action flick set in Japan. It's not a good sign when the New Zealand scenery is the most striking thing about the whole thing.<br /><br />It's the mid-1800s and times are a-changin' in Japan -- the modernization of the west (meaning the USA) is sweeping away the old ways. The Emperor gets an American veteran named Nathan Algren to help train his troops. Algren is an alcoholic, filled with angst because he killed American Indians, and he hates his new job.<br /><br />Suddenly he's captured during an attack by samurai Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) and dragged back to his village. After going cold turkey, he begins to appreciate the old samurai code and ways, and begins to fall in love with a beautiful widow. Taking the side of his new allies, he sets out on a seemingly doomed attack, against the very people he was sent to help... and his own troops.<br /><br />Even taken out of the historical context, "Last Samurai" is a deeply annoying film. It's laced with heavy-handed political correctness, complete with pointless insertions about American Indians and Custer. It's also  saddled with a surreally optimistic ending. Everying about it -- from Cruise's love interest to his change of heart -- is predictable, cliched and very corny.<br /><br />While the film is SET in Japan, the actual shooting took place in New Zealand, giving it a lush, almost fantastical backdrop for all the action. Certainly it makes director Edward Zwick's job a bit easier, even if the film is saddled with some very stilted dialogue. ("And though it may forever be obscure to me, I cannot but be aware of its power.") And enough with the "Bob" comments.<br /><br />Tom Cruise shows little emotion, and his character's alcoholic angst is almost laughably contrived. In fact, you may cheer when he gets beaten up. Ken Watanabe is what makes the film -- he has the presence of a future screen legend, and he plays Katsumoto with vulnerabilities and real feelings. This guy deserves to be the lead of such a film. Koyuki also shows incredible expressiveness as the widow Taka.<br /><br />For a well-acted, well-directed film that happens to be set in Japan, check out the immortal samurai films by Kurosawa. Even merely taken on its own, "Last Samurai" is swamped in its own sense of self-importance. Watanabe and New Zealand are the best things about this film.
I wrote a couple of lengthy reviews of this film, criticizing the romanticizing of the Bushido code and other aspects of this film.  For reasons unknown to me, Amazon declined to publish them.  So I will be brief:<br /><br />This is a film for all those (and judging by my reading of Amazon reviews: they are legion) who loathe America and love a romanticized and fictitious culture peopled with wise and far nobler folks than we crass capitalists.  It is a false, pernicious, and short-sighted view of the world, history and the achievements and failings of human beings everywhere.  But it has a vast and gullible audience that eats it up. So, indulge yourselves once more.<br /><br />Every culture and all people everywhere have their glories, delights, and their failings and shames.  God knows that is as true of Japanese history and culture as well as it is of American! The film deplores American cruelty and completely overlooks the cruelty inherent in the Bushido code and what it  meant to the peoples conquered by the Japanese.  This is not only biased, it is downright dishonest.<br /><br />But, I make too much of what is typical Hollywood romanticized pap!  It looks pretty, it was well-made, the art direction was fine, and the performances were tolerable.  I couldn't get past the underlieing BS, but maybe you can.
Wouldn't it be funny if a Japanese film crew made a film about a Japanese person who visited America during the Civil War, saw how honorable the black freedom fighters were and how violent and greedy the white people were, and in the end--falls in love with the country, symbolized by his sexual conquest of American women, symbolized by a single female character in the whole film, who has to wear a corset and cook turkeys?  Let us call it something celebratory and romantic, like, The Last Confederate.  I'm sure Americans would flock to see this "authentic" film!<br /><br />QUESTION: why is it that white people are so much more into samurai, death, and pride than people who live in japan today?
If you don't already know the whole story of this great film, let me tell you what you need to know about it. It is story about regaining self respect. Everyone deals with demons in their past, if you would like to see a film that is exceptionally well acted, and beautifully filmed set in 19th century Japan, that deals with overcoming past mistakes this is  a film you will love. If you do, you will really love the book <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0886778697">The Faded Sun Trilogy: Kesrith, Shon'jir, and Kutath</a> by C J Cherryh. A more in depth study of the same issue.
i'm really suprised nobody saw the movie in the way I did. Ok, yes the movie has plenty of beautiful imagery, it showcases the samurai traditions, and it respects that. However, that's just scrating the surface. Dig deeper and you'll realize that what this movie is saying is - you need one white guy to save the country of Japan. I find it very condescending. The last samurai in this movie is Ken Watanabe's character, not Tom Cruise as the movie cover suggests.
It is rare that movies with historical perspectives can capture all three sides of a conflict so accurately.  As anyone who's studied Japanese history can tell you, the conflict herein was almost perfectly portrayed on all levels; within the government, within the characters, and within the nation (Japan) as a whole.<br /><br />Set in the 1890's when Japan's emperor Meiji was trying desperately to "modernize" (read "westernize") Japan, we get to see an American's perspective on the wars that are ravaging the old nation of Japan.  While many Japanese people were trying so hard to be fashionable and up to date, there were a great many who felt that the country was being robbed of it's heritage and the ideals that were so strongly ingrained in the people as a whole were being tossed to the side all in the name of "catching up with the rest of the world."  It's tragic to watch as the young emperor is manipulated by his advisors into betraying the one man whom he should have listened to all along; his former teacher and mentor Katsumoto.<br /><br />During all of this, however, Tom Cruise is thrown into the mix as Nathan Algren, a retired Civil War hero who won acclaim for himself for massacreing the plains indians in the Nazi-esque style of the time ("I was just following orders at the time, sir").  Upon his arrival in Japan, his desperation for the sweet abyss of death is just out of reach time and again, but it is his capture by the "enemy" where he finds his redemption. <p>Some people who have reviewed this film refuse to see the Samurai as anything but bloodthirsty and savage (much like too many people saw the Native Americans), which couldn't be farther from the truth.  A peaceful people by nature, but stoic and steadfast in their beliefs of honor and discipline (two words that are unfortunately lost on most Americans these days), the Samurai sought only to keep their country pure from foreign influence (a noble cause, if a bit misplaced and/or closed-minded) out of fear that their own way of life would go the way of the Indian (which it did anyway), and herein lies the true power of this film.<br /><br />From the beginning of the film, anyone with any knowledge of Japanese history (or even of modern Japan) knows that the Samurai are ultimately doomed to die.  I knew this going in, but found that this movie kindled a hope in me that they could ultimately win and save their country from itself as the samurai way saved Algren (Tom Cruise) from himself.  While Algren succeeds, he and his cause ultimately fail and the emperor realizes this only too late as too much has already been set in motion due to the machinations of his scheming advisors who are only in it to line their own pockets (which is totally historically accurate; the merchant class saw in "westernization" a way to finally grow in social stature and the Samurai were standing in their way, so they used their newfound wealth and influence to eradicate the Samurai).<br /><br />Doomed from the beginning, this film is more about one man's triumph over his own demons than it is about a country falling apart.  Set against the backdrop of the Meiji "restoration"-era civil wars, there's no way this film doesn't succeed (except, perhaps, for the romantic interest which was unecessary but not to the point that it detracted anything from the film).  We root for the hero to overcome his own personal obstacles while watching him fight a losing battle against a place and time that ultimately implodes upon itself.  And while he comes out on top, and stronger for it, he is now  alone in his new world because those who got him to it have been slaughtered around him.<br /><br />All in all, the movie is tragic yet uplifting at the same time.  It IS historically accurate (no matter what anybody tells you, take it from someone who used to live in Japan and has studied Japanese history for 13 years), it is worth watching, and it was far more oscar-worthy than that abortion of a film about Japan "Lost in Translation."
I just recently saw this movie for the first time.  When it first heard about it, I was somewhat sceptical about the movie, thinking that it would simply be another distorted Hollywoodization of an historical event or historical period.  I subsequently read reviews that claimed that it was in fact a great movie, a cut above as it were, and that the movie was sensitive towards Japanese culture etc.  In particular what I found most interesting was the claim that the movie was not the typical Western film where Western values are proven superior--that the reverse is in fact the case here.  But still, I was sceptical, and did not concern myself with the movie until just a few days ago.  All things considered, I think I was justified in my scepticism; while there were aspects that I found to be good and commendable (the majestic landscape, quite stunning combat sequences), for the most part I just did not find it to be a good film.  It is essentially a Hollywoodization, regardless of the unique twist to the story.
There is little to criticize about the vast majority of this extravaganza: the acting and direction are excellent, the cinematography is superb, the battle scenes are spectacular, all production values are first rate....BUT I was a bit disappointed by two factors.<br /><br />First, it is very difficult for me to believe that the Japanese widow would fall in love with the coarse, smelly, and (worst of all) foreign soldier who had killed her husband. Why love?? Could she not simply have respected him for his steadfast efforts toward reconciliation and his willingness to turn against his own countrymen on her (and her people's) behalf? When otherwise credible story lines start creating unlikely plot twists, especially near the conclusion of the movie, it is time to prepare for that most dreaded of all literary constructions: the "Hollywood ending".<br /><br />Which brings up my second point: I felt that the obviously "tacked on" (but predictable...see point one) "happy ending" was an insult to all events which preceded it. Out of the ENTIRE Samurai army, guess the identity of the single survivor of the this epic and heroic "battle to the death". Tell me this doesn't strain credibility beyond the breaking point. That the (heretofore gutless) Japanese emperor suddenly develops a spine and does the "right thing" when confronted by this (unnamed) survivor only further accentuates the absurdity of it all. It is a slap in the face.<br /><br />The ending was a cop out, and the movie would have been infinitely better if it had ended about 15 minutes sooner, on the battlefield and in a much more final and plausible way. I guess the title would have to be altered, but this might not be a bad thing due to the ambiguity about to whom it refers.<br /><br />I still recommend this movie for all of the substantial and compelling positive reasons cited above, but see if you don't share, or at least acknowledge, the basis for my criticism after you have watched it.
This epic film demonstrates that the technical competency of modern American filmmakers is complete.  But we already knew that, didn't we.<br /><br />However, in addition to technical virtuosity, there is undeniably artistic merit here.  In my mind the most artistic and therefore most interesting scene in the film is when Algren (Cruise) disembarks at Yokohama.  The lavish and loving care that obviously went into the creation of this time-piece set is impressive.  One could watch this scene over and over again, seeking new details each time, and enjoy the pastime.<br /><br />Further artistic inspiration comes from the natural settings provided by New Zealand, and in particular the composite cone of volcano Taranaki, standing in admirably for Fujiyama.  The geology of New Zealand is similar enough to Japan that this setting comes off very well in the story telling.  Also, kudos to the carpenters and design team who created the structures; this is really good stuff.<br /><br />Also in the positive column is the costumery, especially the Samurai armor.  All visual aspects of this film are superb.<br /><br />And so is the story line; there is much here to engage the imagination.<br /><br />This is withal a very good film, but with such elements described above going for it, it could have been a timeless classic of the filmmaker's art.  I acknowledge I may be far off the mark, but it seems to me these modern American filmmakers miss the mark time and again when it comes to where they ought to concentrate their efforts and imaginations, hence my accusation of this being a "formulaic" epic.<br /><br />These days a grandiose and expensively produced climactic battle is de rigueur, but why is this so?  Who decided this?  If you stop to think about it, is such extravagance necessary to tell this story?  In my opinion: no.  Is it necessary to make this film a financial success?  Again, in my opinion: no.  The short list of films I've seen that have ripped my guts out with the intensity of their message have included not a single violent act, which is not to say some violence is never useful in telling a story, but it can almost  always be suggested, instead of graphically portrayed.  For me, these battle scenes are boring.  I submit the correct formula for great story telling is to make such scenes brief interludes, then get back to the human drama, which hopefully will include some inspiring dialogue.<br /><br />At one point Algren muses: "I am beset by the ironies of my life."  Now here could be the beginning of something interesting, but this thought is not developed, and this nicely structured phrase is allowed to just drop.<br /><br />The heart of this story is the historical nexus of a medieval society attempting to catch up with the recently industrialized West, the dubious wisdom of doing so, and what might be left behind in so doing.  The human drama inherent in such events is truly the stuff of epic tales.  So why are these human dramas developed only briefly, and so much time and effort invested in fights and battles?  Clearly the producers think this is necessary for financial success.  It is not clear they are right about this.<br /><br />Other formulaic elements seem intended to add depth to the story, but accomplish the reverse.  We have the frontier cavalry as depraved and bad, and American Indians as noble and good.  We have the hatred of the heroically defiant and rebellious member of the frontier cavalry (whom we are prompted to love because he is so wise to be so rebellious; an island of wisdom in a sea of decadence) for his supposedly archetypal superior, with a result that will come as a complete surprise to all viewers who were born, so to speak, yesterday.<br /><br />I admit I'm nitpicking here, but Taka, played by Koyuki, looks like the modern model she is.  She is as lovely as can be, but an actress of her physical stature must surely have been selected to cater to modern tastes (as decided by casting); a more typically diminutive Japanese actress would have been more convincing.<br /><br />So, my recommendation is to watch this movie because it has very considerable merit, but my question is: who decided modern American moviegoers are primarily induced to pay money to see gory battle scenes and care little about complex human interaction?  I think they got it backwards, and don't seem about to budge.
Wow, what a movie! First of all, the story line is so intersting. It is around 1876 and Japan is on course to introduce western lifestyle in the country. However, the Samurais, the traditional Japanese warriors they do not want to except this novice. Thus emperor of Japan confront them military. In order to train the Japanese military the US army captain (portrayed by Tom Cruise) is invited. During one of the confrontations he is taken as a prisoner by Samurais. He spends in Samurai village several month. He studies their lifestyle, their traditions and realizes that he was on the wrong side of the battlefield. Thus he decides to stand next to the Samurais and fight with them for their freedom.<br /><br />This is an epic movie. It probably can be compared to "Braveheart". Tom Cruise is brilliant, his acting is amazing. This is must have for movie lovers. I still do not believe that Oscar committee prefered "The Lord of the Rings" to "The Last Samurai". This is really dissapointing.
I was very resistant to see this movie. As a man of minority I was not all that excited about seeing another movie that promotes "whiteman's burden". Why does Hollywood not trust  people with color with our own stories? The true story without the fictional character that Tom Cruise plays was just as intriguing.<br /><br />I must admit this was a good movie. It was cinematically lush and rich. The views, scenes, and camera shots were amazing and captures a spirit of Japan that is rarely seen. Hans Zimmer makes a emotionally captivating soundtrack. The costumes were well crafted period pieces. The actors gave commendable performances. I was most captivated by Ken Watanabe's performance. His character was a beautiful balance of opposites. He was powerful yet serene, and a leader yet a servant, a rebel yet was dedicated to the emperor. This was a tumultuous time in Japan's history in which tradition clashed with modernization. The tragic story would have been just as amazing without the fictional character that Cruise plays.  I found it hard to believe that a soldier caught and held prisoner for one winter would be able to master swordsmanship to the point that he could stalemate a samurai who has been studying for all his life. Details like that disappoint me. Even in a story as epic as Last Samurai, there had to be a Caucasian meddling in the middle of it all. Loosely based on the life of Siago Takamori, the movie is overall a good film. My criticism is that the movie suggests that Cruise's character is the Last Samurai. In a final scene the whole regiment of Japanese imperial soldiers bow down to a fallen Kastumoto. Algren holds the samurai, yet it appears that the whole of the troops are bowing to Algren! I am disappointed that this story would not have been even told had there not been a Caucasian character to sell box office tickets.
I loved the movie myself. Great camera work, nice action scenes, and alot of drama. I think many people would benefit from watching the old 70's movie Shogun.<br /><br />I think Cruise did a fine job. Was he "striving for an Oscar"? Don't know. Don't care. Why not let the movie and actors stand for themselves? Does he have the same personality in all his movies? Well, yah, sorta. But I'm sorry so do most actors that people think are great. I love Anthony Hopkins myself, but he always seems the same. The only actor (another that I love) I can think of off the top of my head that is actually different in some of his movies is Gary Oldman and that's stretching it a bit.<br /><br />I liked the relationship between Cruise and the people of the village. He saw them as savages, and they saw him the same way. The "relationship" with his hostess didn't seem strained to me. She hated him because he was an unwashed savage that killed her husband, but as time progressed, no one could deny his trying not only to fit in but to not back down (which is something they would appreciate). And, he got on well with her kids. Call me chauvanistic here, but any man that is good with a woman's kids will hit a soft spot. And, there was no "Take me, Cruise!!!" scene at all in the movie. I don't see the problem. Also, he never was samurai. He appreciated their culture but admittedly didn't understand alot of it which is... understandable.<br /><br />As to the final part of the movie being overly done hollywood... I think SOMEONE had to survive. Someone had to bring this to the emperor's face and show it in a personal way. When you think about it, Algren was the only option for this. Was it cliche'? Sure. But, had it just ended with them all dying, there would have been no resolution. Perhaps had the emperor been there to see it... then I would say you could just leave it at all the men dying and the emperor being moved by it, but he wasn't. So, someone had to bring this to him. It couldn't be Katsumoto, because he (and his sword) was the message itself. It couldn't have been the other samurai, because to do such a thing would have been not their place and disrespectful (culture gaps here). The only person who could to this, and get away with it, was Algren. He was NOT a samurai (and don't be confused into thinking  The Last Samurai" referred to him, because it didn't. It referred to Katsumoto.), AND he represented a third party perspective. That was the clincher. The act moved an "honorless white man" (culture gap again) to come before the emperor and even offer to end his life in some accordance to the Bushido code. It WAS moving.<br /><br />And it wasn't saying that by becoming "modernized" the Japanese were doing wrong (as a reviewer put it). It was attempting to demonstrate and correct the attitude: the Western culture is better than ours and we must imitate them like a boy imitates his father. THAT'S what Katsumoto was fighting against. You don't have to sterilize your current culture to move forward. Recognize what you have and are and move forward with pride in those things. Don't become a lapdog to cultures who see you as an oddity of backwards savages. Strive for mutual respect.<br /><br />Anyhow, I found the movie to be both entertaining and moving.
I rated The Last Samurai 5 stars because it was the best movie i have ever seen. It's got it all mad good action, a little comedy, and some romance. I don't really like romance but with the girl that plays Katsamoto's sister. She is really hot. And I liked the movie so much I went to go see it again. I can't get enuff of it. I am going to see it again. So go see The Last Samurai I garntee you will love it.(.)(.)
In DANCES WITH WOLVES (1990), Kevin Costner is the emotionally drained Civil War soldier whose life is renewed on the Great Plains by a wild wolf and a band of Sioux when he adopts the lifestyle and values of the latter. He &quot;goes Indian&quot;. <p>As this film opens in 1876, ex-Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), formerly of the 7th Cavalry, is an alcoholic Civil War and Plains Indian War veteran reduced to making public appearances on behalf of the Winchester Arms Company, maker of the famous repeating rifle. He's rescued by his old commanding officer, Col. Benjamin Bagley (Tony Goldwyn), who arranges for Algren to help train the Japanese Imperial Army in modern warfare techniques. The pay is $500 per month. Because of an incident in the campaign against the Indians that still causes Algren nightmares, cost him his self-perceived honor, and drove him to drink, Nathan tells his ex-CO that he'll kill anyone in Japan for $500 a month, but would gladly kill Bagley for free. Army camaraderie is not all it's cracked up to be. In any case, off both sail to Japan.<p>The Imperial government is bedeviled by rebel samurai warriors cranky about the increasing Westernization of society. In the first skirmish between Algren-trained troops and a samurai band led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), Nathan is wounded and captured. He spends the winter in Katsumoto's village, where he's nursed back to health by Katsumoto's sister, Taka (Koyuki), whose husband Algren had killed in the recent battle. While a prisoner, Nathan discovers love with you-know-who and personal friendship with Katsumoto, whose life he saves at one point, and re-discovers Honor through proximity with and training in the Samurai Code. In the final confrontation between the samurai and Imperial troops led by Bagley, guess where Algren plants his standard? It's DANCES WITH WOLVES all over again, but without the wolf. The samurai even employ bows and arrows.<p>THE LAST SAMURAI is a well-acted, engaging story that's shot in some beautiful scenery. Since New Zealand seems to be the location of moviemakers' choice lately (LOTR trilogy, PETER PAN), I wasn't surprised to see in the ending credits that some of this film, presumably that part in the samurai village, was located there. And speaking of scenery, there's Koyuki, a Japanese actress  unknown on U.S. screens, who's exquisite.<p>Unfortunately, the film is perhaps thirty minutes too long, and the climactic battle sequence is milked for all it's worth - and then some - including some unnecessary slo-mo footage. The term &quot;maudlin&quot; comes to mind. And it's this aspect of THE LAST SAMURAI which makes it, to me, inferior to that other action epic of 2003, the more tightly edited MASTER AND COMMANDER.<p>THE LAST SAMURAI may win some Oscars, such as for cinematography or costuming. But, I perceive it as only one of the better films of 2003 as opposed to one of the best.
I was able to catch a sneak preview of this movie. This movie is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. It has action, humor, and lots of emotional moments. I don't have time for details. This is a movie that should not be missed! Forget Master and Commander and Timeline, GO SEE THIS MOVIE!
When I saw this film at the theaters, I remember enjoying it but not thinking much of it.<br /><br />Now, years later, I watched it again, and I was so pleasantly surprised. The story is very dramatic, it's beautifully photographed, and the action is breathtaking. The performances across the board are great, including what I consider a career best from Tom Cruise.<br /><br />It's just really good. If you like historical dramas like Gladiator, Braveheart, or Dances with Wolves, you should really enjoy this. It's definitely in the same league.
Not 100% FACTUAL but a great movie with a wonderful view of changing cultural upheaval and the clash of traditional with technological
I love this movie. It is one of the best with Tom cruise. This is one that will watch more than once.
I owned this movie before & it was stolen from my house. I was determined that I would not buy it again, but it was such a good movie I had to give in. The real reason for this review is the fast dependable service provided by Amazon. I ordered this movie & had it in my mailbox two days later. Thank you Amazon, you never let me down.
The fight scenes in this movie were awesome. The historical themes were also very cool. But the dialogue was bad. Not the worst I've ever seen, but still pretty bad. This is not a movie I can watch over and over again.
The film itself is great now that i saw it on blu-ray its just amazing.
My brother thinks of this as one of the best movies ever.  I thought it was pretty good, but I sent it to him for a what the heck gift, and it was worth it to make him happy.
Well we already know about the movie so i am not going to comment on it. The most noticable thing about this Blu Ray release is the picture quality, its sharp, vivid colors, simply amazing. :) If you are looking for something to run as a demo on your new HDTV, this is the one. :)<br /><br />I played it on my PS3 in 720p, its just great.
I began this movie thinking that it was just another vehicle for Tom Cruise, but I must say I was pleasantly surprised to find a real movie. The character development is a bit loose and had somewhat of a rushed feeling. The story sometimes came off as unbelievable or inconsistent, for instance the first battle where Tom Cruise is captured really does not connect to the other part of the story. Tom being wounded defeats several samurai warriors, later his fighting skills were shown to be much more inept compared to the samurai. This did not seem consistent to me. The Japanese Emperor not knowing what to do and playing both sides of the fence seemed a bit unbelievable.<br /><br />You get the feeling that the reason why Ken Wantanabe's character respects Tom Cruise so much, is because that they both were tortured battle tired warriors. Overall, I did enjoy this film. It does have some beautiful cinematography. Nevertheless, the violence is extremely graphic and there are some scenes where Tom Cruise is drying out from alcoholism.
This movie held my attention all the way through. It has a lot of action, but it was well-paced, believable, and well-intertwined with great drama and cinematography. The similarities this movie has with Dances with Wolves is intellectually stimulating and welcomes thoughtful discussion. I think I will add this DVD to my collection.
This movie will almost certainly appeal to persons who like action films and quasi historical epics. I found the movie generally interesting and entertaining as a movie. However, as an historical epic it is quite lacking. The plot in the movie and especially the character played by Tom Cruise often reminded me of the "Shogun" television mini-series and the film "Dances with Wolves." The ending also reminded me of "The Charge of the Light Brigade," starring Errol Flynn. I also think "The Last Samurai" tends to somewhat overly romanticize the samurai in Japan of the 1860's.<br /><br />  People can honestly debate whether a film's significant historical inaccuracies justly merit criticism and/or an overall less favorable review. As an action movie i would rate "The Last Samurai" four stars. However, for many of the same reasons why I have considerable reservations about the very unrealistic character played by Kevin Costner in "Dances with Wolves," I will give "The Last Samurai" only three stars.<br /><br />  "The Last Samurai is certainly worth watching. However, the  army officer played by Tom Cruise detracts from the historical validity in the film of the negative reaction by many of the samurai to modernization efforts in Japan during the late 1860's. The movie would have been potentially better, in my opinion, if the samurai story had been told entirely from a Japanese point of view.
I was captured by the strong similarities between Samuari culture and Native Americans back in the day.  The use of horses, bow and arrow, weaving, agricultural lifestyle, respect and honor.  Portrayed romanticized life of Samurai with great action scenes and beautiful cinematography. This movie was easy to enjoy.  No serious criticisms about the movie since it was meant for pure entertainment.  Perhaps there were historical inaccuracies.....but its message was clear: One must not forget who they are, or where they come from.<br /><br />Highlight was Lord Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), a samurai who envisioned a powerful animal while meditating.  His vision soon materializes following an encounter with Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) in battle.  Similarly, with Native tribes of the Americas, dreams or visions were also very powerful.  As their encounter develops into respect,  Algren becomes a student of Katsumoto's people with curious intrigue, he learns their philosophy, their way of life and a peacefulness that he referred to as a "deep reservoir of spirit".<br /><br />Algren's flashbacks to his battle fought with Custer lends historical accuracy to an important part of U.S. history and occurs throughout the movie until his friendship with Katsumoto reaches a level of trust, respect, and compassion.  Samurai ALSO had to defend their way of life before total encroachment and defeat by Japan's imperial army, as portrayed. Enjoyable movie, wonderful Japanese cast: kudos to a fine actor, Ken Watanabe for putting self into his character that made me believe in Katsumoto, a man of integrity and honor.<br /><br />Musical score was absolutely beautiful! This story, although made for a Western audience had some unbelievable aspects, but that's Hollywood!
I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but I love this film.  I liked the story, the Japanese actors, the costumes and scenery.  I've watched this film several times, and I've cried everytime.
Music, grandeur, great locales--everything!  Battle scenes are amazing.  Bought fullscreen edition and it fills big screen HDTV with vivid picture.  Extra disc has fascinating stuff.
I am a high school student that is in love with the samurai.  This movie after I saw it made me get back into the martial arts which I had quit over a decade earlier and now I am a assistant instructor.  This movie is both historical correct on the sense of the last samurai killed himself.  There was no Tom Cruise character but that was based on James Clavells Shogun.  This movie is about a American veteran that has lost his will to live after some mishaps that he had when facing the american indians in the 1860's.  He gets recruited by the Japanese Shogun to train a modern army after Closed Door policy that had lasted for over two hundred years.  The samurai are revolting because of the change and the Western nations changing Japan.  Tom Cruise gets a new outlook on life when he meets the samurai and finds something he loves.  This movie had me in tears b/c of the history and emotion that was put into this movie.  A must see film and a must buy film.
Many people say that Tom Cruse is unconvincing or overrated. I am now convinced that these people have seen neither this film or Collateral. This is a heart-felt, pure epic of sorts which are very rare in this day and age. This film follows a sad storyline of fighting for tradition and avoiding judging anyone until you meet them. This movie is filled with breath-taking scenary of the Japanese landscapes, and riveting battle sequences. Films of this caliber are very rare.<br /><br />*9* (A)
This movie was a masterpiece. I felt it should have deserved more credit for what it received. One of Tom Cruise's best performances of all-time. A GREAT story that was well told of a long forgotten group of warriors in Japan who fought and served with honor, excellence, and discipline with a purpose. Their duty lies in their name - Samurai=to serve. The most sophisticated warrior of its time. The scenes shot in the movie were picture perfect and awe-inspiring for admirers of Japanese culture and Japanese history. A story of West meets (Far)East. Tom Cruise's ignorant, cocky, character from the West leads to a humbling experience when he learns to live with the Samurai and understand their way of life. He reveals that they were not a barbaric people but instead a sophisticated society that lived in discipline. Opposite of what the West had perceived of the Samurai image. I recommend anyone to this movie and if you didnt know it will open up a new perception of a people who lived long ago.
Started out kinda shaky...Honestly almost turned it off but Cruise's performance held my interest so I kept watching.  Thank God I did because it really is a good film.  Sure there are a lot of bad things some people could say about it just to be mean - I hated a lot of the editing in the beginning and that goofy fat guy from Harry Potter Prisoner From Azkaban is terrible in it (most people I know just can't stand Tom Cruise - which is unfortunate because he is  a MUCH better actor than most people give him credit for).  The whole movie is carefully balanced by tremendous action sequences in the middle and final section of the film and the sympathetic Japanese characters (Watanabe, the love interest, the kids etc...). They are all so believable and easy to connect to.  Some of the negative reviews on here (Amazon) are criticizing Cruise's performance harshly and the role his character plays in influencing the samurai/japanese people etc...Really it is Cruise's character though who learns in this movie and not the other way around which the trailer for this film so mistakenly conveyed...And unfortunately prevented me from seeing it in the theater.  And believe me when I say that I am the LAST person to want to see some movie about a "white man" (let alone one of the biggest american movie stars in the world) showing some bada#$ "samurai" how its done in the skills of fighting...But the film works people.  It isn't Gladiator or Braveheart but the characters are interesting and compelling, and many of the action sequences are truly suspenseful and entertaining...Even rousing at times.  The biggest problem I had with it was the opening (for awhile it was beginning to feel like a poor man's version of "Glory" - a perfect film in my mind which Edward Zwick also directed).  This isn't "Glory" but it isn't bad either.  Cruise is one of the best actors out there I've decided after watching this film.  People like calling him a "vanity" actor because he's such a major star and that he does roles that are in most cases larger than life...But what actor out there can honestly say they don't want that?  And besides he has done a wide array of roles and is surprisingly transformational...I say "surprisingly" simply because more people don't want to admit or recognize it...Think about how different he is in this from Born On The Fourth Of July or Collateral or Eyes Wide Shut or Color Of Money or Magnolia or Minority Report...The guy has some serious range people.  Don't be jealous 'cuz he's rich and good looking and has worked with some of the best directors ever (i.e. Oliver Stone, Kubrick, Spielberg, Scorsese, Brian De Palma, Tony Scott, Michael Mann).  Life's too short for that kinda talk people. Admit the truth...Tom Cruise is a beast of an actor and he deserves all the fame he's received whether you want to admit it or not.
Very well made movie not sure about the messagge...<br /><br />I am not a Tom Cruise fan but he did a great job in this movie, I am still not sure if the messagge was anti technology, in that case I would say it is quite shallow.
In the last few years, epics have seen an amazing resurgence, climaxing in the classic "Lord of the Rings" trilogy.  And most of the other epics have been staisfying as well, with "Gladiator" being but one standout.  But the Tom Cruise vehicle "The Last Samurai" it not one of the them.  Problems here start with the films bankable star.  The role of Nathan Algren is a challenging one, with emotional torture brewing behind his eyes and a sullen demanor in his walk.  But moments where Cruise hits these needed traits are few and far between.  Cruise plays Algren as a statue who poses as a heroic monolith for the camera, in other words Algren comes off as other characters Cruise has played in the past.  The only actor who stands out is Ken Watanabe, a Japanese actor who makes his english languange debut.  He brings a sense of dignity and intensity to the character of Katsumoto, a Samurai leader who is the last of a dying breed and a dying code<br /><br />Perhaps you can blame the films' director, Edward Zwick (Legends of the Fall, The Siege).  Zwick lets the film drag between inspired moments and the whole film seems  overlong and ponderous, not to mention derivative.  Screenwriter John Logan (Gladiator, The Aviator) borrows one too many plot details from other films that came before him, especially "Dances With Wolves."  One tries to take the film on its own terms, but the similarities are too glaring.  Logan wanted the film to be a classic, but it falls far short.<br /><br />That's not to say the film does not have its merits, which why "The Last Samurai" is so frustrating to watch.  When it does get good, it's breathtaking.  The $120 million production is a visual feast, with beautiful sets juxtaposed seamlessly with sweeping locales in Japan and New Zealand.  The film's visual pedigree is furthured by the wondrous cinematography of John Toll.  Toll, a two-time academy award winner, is a master at what he does.  The film is gorgeously shot and the hectically edited battle scenes are given a sense of clarity and extra punch, especially when set to Hans Zimmers' muscular score.  One only wishes that the reat of the film lived up to this high standard.  It could have been one of the best epics ever.
I'm a big fan of the samurai films (Toshiro Mifune is my favorate actor pre-1970).  I appreciate the moral code and style of living that the samurai live.  I'm also not a big fan of Tom Cruise and his blockbuster style movie career.  A few of his films are entertaining (MIP, Top Gun, Taps), but not great.<p>This film is very enjoyable.  Katsumoto and Cruise's character have a very good and interesting relationship.  The scenes between the two have great dialogue...in that they are enemies with great respect for each other.  <p>The cinematography is awesome (Widescreen edition is a must to get the full benefits.  Beautiful.  The clothing and buildings are historically accurate.<p>The battle scenes are very graphic, so beware.  They are also very honorable (being the samurai way) and emotional.<p>I highly recommend this film for its action, story, charactization, and acting.  It is a great film that belongs in everyone's collection.
The Last Samurai is typical of epic Hollywood war-action/adventure films --impressive scenery, musical score and battle scenes, yet bogged down in cliches and contrived situations. Tom Cruise plays Captain Algren, an 1870s war hero who is tormented by memories of brutal battles against Indians. He is persuaded to travel to Japan to train the army to fight against the samurai, Japan's traditional warriors. The Japanese government, motivated by financial reasons, wants to modernize and develop relations with the West; the samurai, who represent Japan's noble cultural and warrior heritage, resist these changes. <p>Algren is not given sufficient time to properly train the army in the ways of modern warfare; he is forced to confront the samurai, who defeat the modern army with their discipline and ferocity. This is where the film lost me. Algren himself is only captured after single-handedly fighting off something like a dozen samurai warriors. It is of course a cliche of martial arts movies that the hero can take on countless opponents, but this film is more ambitious and attempts to be realistic, and it is absurd to imagine a man untrained in these traditional martial arts defeating all of these elite warriors with their own weapons. At this point, I was resigned to watching a generic Tom Cruise action hero rather than a believable character.<p>Algren is captured and allowed to recuperate so that the samurai might learn something of their enemy (there had to be some excuse for letting him live). He is even trained in their martial arts, which seems unlikely. Why would they train an enemy combatant? And the time it takes him to learn to fight with their weapons only highlights how unrealistic it was that he was unbeatable in his first battle (where he would more likely have been killed). Algren predictably comes to admire the samurai way of life and eventually sympathizes with their struggle. The film attempts to examine the complex issue of preserving traditions in a rapidly changing world. This is largely expressed in conversations between Algren and a samurai named Katsumoto (well played by Ken Watanabe). A woman named Taka (Koyuki) is the inevitable love interest, as the wife of a man Algren killed in battle. She struggles between her grief and growing fondness for Algren.<p>Although some of the interaction between Algren and Katsumoto is interesting, the film has a basic contradiction that it never really resolves.  It is superficially a sympathetic exploration of a traditional culture, yet at the same time it revels in the stereotype of the Great White Man who travels to distant lands and saves the day, a book and movie tradition that goes back at least as far as Kipling, where British colonists tamed the "primitive" people of Africa and Asia. Again, The Last Samurai seems to be more on the side of the colonized, yet this is belied by the huge role played by the Tom Cruise character. <p>Perhaps the most effective scene in the film is the last battle, where we see a rapid-firing cannon mowing down samurai warriors. This image is a stark image of modern society mechanically wiping out a less technologically advanced culture. Unfortunately, I didn't find most of the film equal to this theme. I think a better portrayal of a similar story can be found in the miniseries (based on a novel by James Clavell)  Shogun.
After seeing all of the movies nominated for Best Picture 2003, and just watching The Last Samurai last night, I feel that this movie (not to mention its actors)was greatly overlooked by the Academy. Cruise is spectacular as the disillusioned 7th Cavalry Captain who finds his place among Katsumoto's (Ken Watanabe..who should have won an Oscar as well)rebel band of samurai's who are fighting to keep their tradition alive in a time when Japan is looking to become more westernized. This movie has a little bit of something in it for everyone and I highly recommend it...
This film started out interesting and good,and then just became "Top Gun".While interesting historically,this film lacked everything else,and just followed the  basic "Hollywood" formula.It was also unrealistic to believe Tom Cruise's character(a troubled,raging alcoholic) could learn the art&skill of a Samuri Worrior in just a few short months of time.The film followed all the basic plot outlines of Top Gun,just like "Days of Thunder",and I was rolling my eyes towards the end.It sounds great on a home theater system,but this is'nt one I'd want to buy&keep forever.Buy&own at your own risk,but there are better Jappanese Samuri films out there like "The Seven Samuri".
The Last Samurai is an inspiring, artistic, touching movie. It even manages to stay pretty close to the historical facts it's based on.<br /><br />The premise of the movie is anything but new, even so, it's a unique production. It offers insight into the japanese culture and we, the audience, take it in through the senses of the main character, Nathan Allgren [Tom Cruise]. We learn about the samurai, honor, trust, pursuit of perfection and harmony, discipline and tradition, all adjectives that make Japan what it is today.<br /><br />There are a couple of things however that I personally would have liked to have seen changed. A bit more action and a bit less philosophy and talk [less gab, more shooting one might say].<br /><br />The last scenes of the movie could have definitely done well without the typical hollywood dramatic dialogue and action. It was a bit over the top compared to the rest of the movie which was realistic and down-to-earth.<br /><br />Almost forgot to mention the movie's soundtrack. Absolutely brilliant, the tracks are a combination of japanese traditional music and western music. Beautiful.<br /><br />All in all, I absolutely loved this movie and is now part of my DVD collection. It's one of the few titles I would enjoy watching again once in a while.
I gave 5 stars to this movie and also to Tom Cruise's performance. It's one of the most powerful Hollywood epic dramas. I also am impressed by the great acting of the supporting cast, such as Katsumoto's son. His performance was very good indeed. When Tom Cruise was captured in his village, we saw a kind, innocent and pure boy. When he was helping his father to escape, he became brave and determined. I was sad to see him fighting to his death. The diverse sides of this young man were well handled by the actor. You won't forget this movie after you watch it.<br />I truely think Tom Cruise is a great actor. His acting is getting better and better, unlike some actors/actresses who never improve themselves but merely depend on their good looks.<br />Conclusion: A breathtaking movie and performance.
I rank this movie right up there with Braveheart and Gladiator as far as epics go. At first I thought this was going to be one of those "face time" movies just to get a paycheck for Tom Cruise, but to my suprise it was a great movie. While watching this movie I actually learned something, which I wasn't expecting, and that was that the samurai were alot like the native americans in the ways that they were removed from their own land.This is one of the best movies to come out in the last couple of years and a breath of fresh air compared to those movies like Master and Commander that claimed to be action movies but were really just "face time" for their leading man.
Ken Watanabe is amazing!! With his laconic &quot;I like this Custer&quot; he encapsulates everything that is both wonderful and horrible about the code of Bushido. <p>The cinematography is great, especially in all the battle scenes.  The scene when the samurai charge through the mist at the conscripts, but at first all you see is their fearsome outlines,  WOW! The scenes in the village when the samurai are training, and later, when the young archer holds off the ambush, are also beautifully shot.<p>The attention to detail in the costuming is fantastic. Ngila Dickson definitely deserves her two Oscar nominations, and could have won for either Samurai or ROTK.<p>But Tom Cruise was completely the wrong choice for his character. He is such a modern icon that he simply cannot play a period role. Everything about him (looks, voice, movement) stopped the movie dead in its tracks.<p>And some of the script was pretty lame, but this was the kind of movie you look at, not listen to. Subtitles over Hans Zimmer's always-great soundtrack wouldn't have been a bad choice.
I don't understand why people take this film so seriously, because I couldn't for the life of me. That is not to say the film is altogether bad...it offers some guilty pleasure action sequences, but then again that's all it can offer up. Considering what the producers had going into this, they really handled several issues in an amatuer fashion.<p>Let's take, for example, just the mere existance of Tom Cruise's character in the story. I can understand why Katsumoto spares him - the dream of the white tiger - although I pondered just how readily this culture of people (who only a decade ago murdered any foreign sailors shipwrecked on their island) could accept him so readily. And even then, he probably should have been more of an observer to the Japanese customs than a participant. Miyamoto Musashi spent his whole life realizing how to become a great warrior, but Tom Cruise's character manages to do it within six months. And please...you have GOT to be kidding me when he uses not only two swords at once, but two LONG swords at once! Not even the greatest samurai could do that, and there's a reason - it's practically impossible. And even if it is possible, you're telling me Tom Cruise has had that much training to do it? The scene where Katsumoto's son takes out a long sword and a short sword is more realistic, as samurai would do that so they could switch from one to the other, but people rarely used katanas in each hand. Oh yes, and I agree with other reviewers here...why does Tom Cruise take six or seven bullets to the torso come out perfectly fine, yet samurai take the same hits and die? <p>The character development for some people needed work as well. For example, the Irish sergeant that is Tom Cruise's lifelong friend gets killed by the samurai, and a samurai even gets off his horse and stabs the man in the stomach! Yet Tom Cruise forgets his friend and doesn't seem to mind the company of men who killed a man he knew longer than them - in fact we never hear of the Irish sergeant again. And the love story was so unnecessary and unrealistic. Tom Cruise kills the husband of Katsumoto's sister, she says to her nephew that he smells like pigs, and then five minutes later she's having feelings for him? And she actually falls in love with him, and her kids adore him? Why? Because he taught them baseball? I don't know about you, but a person who killed my dad would have to take a bullet for me before I even consider them a friend...let alone my new father. And Tom Cruise's old enemy, an American lieutenant colonel he used to serve under, doesn't do much except walk around and be evil. And what was the purpose of the ninjas, particularly the guy with the Gorbachev birthmark on his cheek? Why would a government leader so bent on stopping traditionalism employ ninjas, who historically sided with the Shogun...who was a SAMURAI! It's almost like they put them in just so they can say, "Hey! We have ninjas!"<p>I also took disliking to how INCOMPETANT they made the government characters. When they rescue Katsumoto they use arrows against the guards, which is fine except the guards seem to have a habit of running out into the open with their fronts to the archers, making themselves great targets. Also in the final battle the samurai lay a trap, and the American lieutenant colonel, suggests to send out skirmishers, to which a corrupt government official (who seems to be every where across Japan) simply says, "No need! Send the troops forward!" I might also add that the samurai trap for the government troops at the end is planned not by Katsumoto, but by Tom Cruise. Excuse me if I sound like I'm looking for an arguement, but can't the Japanese think on their own? This is the culture that produced Oda Nobunaga, Takeda Shingen, Admiral Togo, and even Admiral Yamamoto, yet it seems in this movie it's as if the idea of war is entirely new to them.<p>There are also a lot of historical inaccuracies in this film as well. For example, there was no lone samurai standing up against the government with less than 500 troops. In fact, the majority of samurai clans to the west supported the foreign traders and backed the Emperor. The Satsuma Rebellion in 1860's, led by the Satsuma and Chosun samurai clans, was the move to stop foreign intervention...but they at one point had an army as large as 40,000 soldiers. In fact, the army of Japan was fairly modernized by the time set in the film, and it was being led and instructed not by military leaders from America or any other foreign nation, but by fellow Japanese such as Aritomo Yamagata who travelled abroad in Europe studying the ways of the west. The only revolt against the government in 1876/1877 was by former army officer Takamori Saigo - and even though he did want to restore the use of samurai, he could bring up a force of 15,000 against the government and held a fairly modernized army, having served in the professional Japanese military - he also lost not in a grand charge but instead his fortress at Kagoshima. I also find it funny that the movie makes the samurai seem like a noble and proud people built on honor and dignity - they fail to mention according to the traditionalist laws a samurai could kill any peasant and get away with it, being of a higher class. The Emperor himself is portrayed as weak and under the influence of advisors, and while the Emperor was indeed surrounded by advisors and the Japanese government began to fall into an oligarchy, it was Emperor Meiji himself who revoked the samurai of their titles and stripped the Shogun of his power, replacing it more and more to his own stature. He was hardly the weak, indecisive ruler they portrayed in this movie, bending to the will of ONE government agent.<p>Oh yeah, and this has got to be "Dances With Wolves II: I'm Turning Japanese." I mean come on now, Tom Cruise has experience in both the Civil War and the Indian Wars, and he knows the Indians like he was one. It's almost like Kevin Costner's character just went to Japan. Story simularities are too easy to spot...white man joins non-white culture, gets in conflict with his own culture and stands up for the little guy. There's even a romantic interest with a member of the non-white culture! Seriously...I was joking when I said this looked like "Dances With Wolves," but after seeing this movie I realized just how right I was.<p>Well...um...as you can see, I had a "few" problems with the film. I'd have to say I would almost give it 2.5 stars, but like I said there is some guilty pleasure action in it, but I don't consider it the greatest film ever like many called it. I had fun watching it, but I found it to be INCREDIBLY overrated. To toy with a history and culture like this may have been good for a smaller, less-known nation - but Japan's history has a good place in the hearts of many, and she is a major nation on the international scene. Watch this film if you like Tom Cruise or you just want to see some action. Don't watch it expecting an American version of a Kurosawa film like people are trying to make it out to be, because you will be disappointed. Very, very disappointed.
wow, this movie was great... im serious, everyone should watch this movie. it was brilliant. It's about Tom Cruise, he starts to train a Japanese army and then during a battle between his troop and the saumrai he killed a samurai and then he is taken prisoner with the samurai but they are kind to him and stuff. well eventually, he makes friends and what not with the samurai and he goes to battle on their side. i cryed so hard in so many parts of the movie. it was just so beautiful. and i laughed at some of tom's lines. he really isnt such a bad actor nd this is by far his best movie yet. and the action scenes (being a tru fan of patriot,braveheart, and saving private ryan) were filmed really well.<br /> it's true, this may not depicted what it was really like but i dont know why so many people are criticizing this movie. alot of people are saying its an insult to japanese to think that an american is the last samurai after a little while of learning. calm down! my best friend is asain and she cryed and loved the movie! it was not insulting to her nor her mother! i wouldnt mindif americans were wiped out in battle and the only one left was an asain who adopted western ways. i'd be proud that soeone survived and passed on the legacy of my people. that whole idea is a bunch of racist crap and stop overreacting!!!!<br />i didnt think the movie was slow either. every part was beautiful and filled with depth and emotion. there was no way the editor could delete ANY scenes that were in the finished product because they were all necessary and lets face it... BRILLIANT!<br />and alot of people are saying the characters werent well developed but cant u see: their relationship with tom says a thousand words.<br />alot of peolpe dont understand why the wife of the samurai that tom killed and tom slept together either... unromantic fools! didnt u see the tension! omgomgomg... their relationship was an element htat is inexplicable, yes... but still, its there and its beautifula and some things in life are better left alone and unexplained...<br />in conclusion, may i say again: I LOVE THIS MOVIE... (the dvd contains gr8 special features, too!) and anyone who thinks this movie is anything less of gr8 is an idiot who doesnt know a movie from a mojo...buy it buy it buy it!!!!! NOW!!!<p>anyone who loves historical movies, action movies, funny movies, dramas, or any kind of movie at all... this is a must have in ur collection!
The Last Samurai proves to be a very entertaining movie although I thought it was bit too long for the story. Tom Cruise does a good job protraying a guilt-ridden American warrior who was reborn as samurai warrior. It probably helped that his co-star Ken Watanabe proves to be a superior actor and he probably pushed Cruise to the higher level of acting once they began to shared scenes together. On the whole, the movie will worked for most people watching it because it gives a very idealistic look at the Japanese samurai culture at its best.<p>However, most of it proves to be pure historical fantasy at its best. You should never considered that this was the way it was back in Japan of 1876. Outdated armor and thinking are not the way of the Samurai. Samurai, like all warrior types, adjust and adapt to changing warfare. Anyone who even know a thing about the warring period of 1540 to 1615 understand that samurai went from bow and arrow to firearms proficiently very quickly. Where the movie take a major misstep is that while the spirit and teaching of the samurai is tradition based, fighting modes are not.<p>But this is a Hollywood movie made for American taste and perception. This is how many Americans see the samurai warriors of the old and just the way the many foreigners see American history as one of wars between cowboys and Indians or black folks tipping their hats to the white folks, this movie catered to best of the sternotypes. There is nothing truly historical about this film. The movie was made in the same mode as Mel Gibson's Patriot and Braveheart, all entertainment but no history.<p>Now this movie have been compared with Dances with Wolves and there seem to be some justice to that comparsion. Both shows how a lone white man surrounded by an alien culture, "went native" so to speak and aligned himself with that culture. Both movies introduced these alien cultures through that white man's perception and his inevitable acceptance and entrance to that culture. In both cases, this was well done and it serves the viewers well.
I've watched Last Samurai in the theater before, and was entertained enough to come back for another look, this time on Blu-ray format. I remembered that it was shot in lush surroundings, and that warriors then were real warriors; not some big-shot general hiding behind some war room somewhere directing "smart missiles" etc. On the whole, it's a movie worth having around to please many different types of audiences; action-adventure, some historical basis, some romance & drama (though you do need to excuse a number of cheesy lines particularly towards the end).
A lot of people (myself, included) were skeptical when this movie was released. "Ok, a white guy (let alone Tom Cruise) playing the "Last Samurai"!?  Yeah right!" was the general consensus.  After watching this movie, though, you'll see that it's an homage to the Japanese culture, and Tom is merely there as an outside observer to show the culture shock that happens when he's introduced to their, very different, way of life.<br /><br />As far as the HD-DVD transfer goes, the movie never looked better!  I have a home theater (my screen is over 9 feet wide!) so I need HD, otherwise images look just "ok", as opposed to "spectacular", the way this movie does.  Highly recommended if you're a fan of the Japanese culture or Tom Cruise.  And if you're a fan of Ken Watanabe then this movie is a MUST HAVE, because his role and his acting job are superb (as usual)!
I purchased this video for my teenage son. He has watched it several times, and says he would recommend it to anyone that likes these types of movies.
The place; Japan. The Year; 1876, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), an extremely courageous American officer who participated in the killing of many American Indians is left with immense guilt and despair.<br /><br />He gets hired by the Emperor of Japan to train the country's first army in the art of modern warfare, replacing by force the ancient Imperial Samurai warriors.<br /><br />On the first battle between Algren's Japanese trained troops and a samurai group led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), Nathan is captured yet kept alive after showing immense courage on the battlefield ground.<br /><br />Gravely injured, he spends the winter in Katsumoto's village where he gets nursed by Katsumoto's sister, Taka (Koyuki), whose husband, was killed in the battlefield by Algren.<br /><br />While in captivity, Algren discovers the samurai code, honor, pride, love, and build a personal fantastic friendship with Katsumoto.<br /><br />Beautiful music, costume design; great DVD picture with great sound.<br /><br />If you want to go back in time and find out how Japan was 100 years ago; if you want an epic action drama movie combined with a fantastic love story and if you want to know about the Samurai warriors. The last Samurai would be highly recommended.
There is certainly no shortage of Hollywood epics these days, and it takes a certain flair in order for one to stand out amongst the rest. "The Last Samurai" is a film that most certainly seperates itself from the masses.<br /><br />The story follows American Army Captain Nathan Algren (Cruise), a man haunted by the horrors of war, as he is hired by the Japanese to train their army and lead them to victory over the Samurai, who are rebelling against the modernization of Japan. During the first battle against the Samurai, Algren is taken captive and forced to remain in an isolated Samurai village. There, he learns the enigmatic ways of the Samurai and comes to love their unique brand of civilization. He then switches sides and fights along side the Samurai and against his former peers.<br /><br />"The Last Samurai" is a gentle, caring study of how modern society often tramples over ways of the past without even flinching. The film showcases beautiful cinematography and expert pacing. However, it is not without its flaws. The acting is hit-and-miss. Tom Cruise and Tony Goldwyn deliver average performances, while Ken Watanabe is quite exceptional as the peaceful leader of the Samurai village. The film, while excellent, also does have its share of clich&eacute;s, such as a shaky slow motion scene where Algren remembers the massacre that haunts him. There are also a few moments where you have to wonder if director Edward Zwick is kind of trying to tug at your strings (to release the waterworks, that is).<br /><br />But flaws aside, "The Last Samurai" is a film people should most certainly see. The social commentary is very relevant to modern society and the blend of beautiful scenic backdrops and violent battle sequences make this film truly stand out amongst a sea of stinkers such as "Troy".<br /><br />8/10
"The Last Samurai" is a story about a Civil War veteran who goes over to Japan to fight the last pocket of Samurai; he is taken captive by the Samurai, but eventually learns to respect this dying culture and adapt to their way of life.<br /><br />WHAT WORKS: The movie is beautiful to look at; the cinemtography is magnificent. The story is generally engrossing and it's great to envision how the Samurai may have really lived in Japan hundreds of years ago. Speaking of which, the costumes and sets are outstanding, no doubt about it.<br /><br />WHAT DOESN'T WORK: I enjoyed the movie, I did, but the plot is obviously taken from "Dances With Wolves," a very superior film. One could also cite "Lawrence of Arabia" and "Last of the Dogmen" as films with similar plots. (Although "Dogmen" is basically a rip-off of "Dances With Wolves," the story takes place in the modern world, so it definitely possesses its own uniqueness). The scene in "Samurai" where the Samurai make their first dramatic appearance is obviously ripped-off straight from a similar scene in "Dogmen" wherein the Indians make their first appearance (compare the two scenes for verification).<br /><br />The score in the film is certainly serviceable but parts of it painfully sound like a watered-down variation of the fabulous score from "The Last of the Mohicans."<br /><br />BOTTOM LINE: Although "The Last Samurai" could be subtitled "Dances with the Last Dogmen of Arabia," it's still quite enjoyable. People who have not seen these other four movies that so-obviously influenced "Samurai" will likely rate "The Last Samurai" higher than I have. If you really like this film and haven't seen these other movies I've mentioned, I encourage you to pick 'em up ASAP -- especially "The Last of the Mohicans" and "Dances With Wolves," which are two of the best movies ever filmed, period.
When I first heard about this movie I was sceptical. I was afraid that a Samurai movie starring a white guy might end up kind of goofy. But Tom Cruise puts in a strong performance here and won me over by the end of the film. If you love swords this is the movie for you. Tons of training with swords, fighting with swords, and philosiphising about them. The action is spectacular, and the score is stirring. The cinemtography is beautiful. The mountain village reminded me of the shire and made me want to live there. For a movie with some brutally violent action sequences, it also features some amazingly peaceful and relaxing moments in the middle of the film. Anyone who believes in honor and chivalry will find this movie inspiring.<br /><br />Est Sularus Oth Mithas!
It's unfortunate that some people dont see the true beauty of this film, like me if you are a anime fan you should see it. The last samurai is great from beginning to end the fight scenes were great and the story and plot was so perfect it's almost unbelievable. Even though the story is fake the families involved and the events that make this story come to life are all historic facts.These men died in battle and even know they died they died to get their point across and to be heard when they needed to be heard the most. It was a fight that couldn't be won but to these men it was either fight  and die proud  or run and you would be forced to kill yourself and die a coward, they died and the rest of their family lived to fight another day.Tom cruse did a great job in this movie but the awards should go to Ken watanabe or Katsumoto and the other men/samurai who made this movie great. To end this some peolple need to be told that before watching this movie dont mistake it for a fraud because some people expect Tom cruse to be the last samurai and seeing that he is not of japanese descent that might bother some people and it's nothing like that because I judged this movie before seeing it and I was dead wrong and suprised at what saw and loved this movie.
To me this movie is purely entertainment. It's well worth watching. It has a good story. It's got great battle scenes. Some of the acting is excellent. Far better other actors in the film. Tom Cruise lends it his star power. Although, I would say his acting could have been more passionate. The costumes were exceptional. No Oscar contender. An epic film worth owning.
(4.5 Stars) I have noticed the people that didn't give this movie good ratings were more or less history buffs or are really into studying ancient Japan.  I myself enjoyed this movie alot, although I do have to say it reminds me, in principle, of dances with wolves.  White man is hired to destroy foreign culture, white man falls in love with culture, white man fights on the side of the culture he was supposed to destroy....same plot essentially right?  With that said, the action scenes are entertaining and I found the character development between the samurai and cruise to be pretty good.  Even though I generalized it like that it is still a really good movie...but that's only my opinion.
I loved every minute of this movie.  In some ways though I love the ending the most.  I know a lot of people were pissed off by it, but here's how I look at it.  You have to listen to the narration--no one knows what really happened.  That final scene--in my opinion--is only what the british linguist wants to believe happened to his friend.  As for Tom Cruise surviving, well again the narration points out that many people think he died of his injuries.  He may have made it off that battle field, but he didn't do it easily.  Also, somone pointed out that if he really believed the Samuri code he would have killed himself.  A) I think he owed it to Katsumoto to bring the Emperor his sword, and tell the emperor what took place.  The whole point of that battle was to send a message to the emperor, and it was a message that needed at least one person to drive it home.  B)Anyone who thinks he should have just killed himself misses the fact that he isn't samuri.  He's a melding of two cultures.  Even after all he'd been through, I think that remains true.
This is an interesting role for tom Cruise. Many times, you'll see him playing himself in films - by that I mean, you never quite lose the line between him and his character.<br /><br />And that works for him.<br /><br />In this film, you get a glimpse of how he is learning to transcend his own character and lose himself more fully in his roles. As he matures as an actor, and not just a blockbuster draw, I really think those kinds of transformations are going to be his best asset.<br /><br />The story in the film is touching and ironic, and is respectful of all the cultures represented within it. Are they accurate portrayals? That depends on which side of the lens you're on.
Edward Zwick directs this 2003 film on a historical incident involving an American military advisor sent to Japan to modernize and train the ruling emperor's forces in 1876-1877. This is your typical Hollywood revised history where actual dramatic events are diluted with your conventional PC script and mandatory vapid love story.  Although the film has a decent cast with good direction and cinemtography, it's bogged down by a generic Hollywood screenplay and poor script.<br /><br />Retired Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is fed up with the US Army and the Indian Wars.  Approached by a fellow veteran and nemesis (Tony Goldwyn), Algren accepts a lucrative offer to train the Emperor of Japan's forces along the modern standards of 1875.  Arriving in Japan, Algren's informed that the Emperor's traditional samurai warriors and their leader (Ken Watanabe) oppose all attempts to modernize Japan.  Believing that firearms are cowardly weapons, the samurai hold true to their Bushido code and continue to fight with their traditional weapons.  Disillusioned with his shame of the Indian wars he fought back home and eager to redeem his honor, Algren becomes enamoured with the ethos of Samurai warriors and so decides to join them for a final stand.<br /><br />This was a good story that just never seemed to soar.  This is mostly due to a generic and predictable formulaic Hollywood script with cliche dialogue.  Does every drama have to conclude with an out-of-place happy romantic sub-plot to the likes of a 90210 episode?  Although a film about samurai warriors, the film only pays lip service to the teachings of the Bushido code with quick scenes of warriors committing hara-kiri and hardened Japanese men sitting stoically on their knees drinking sake. The dialogue is contrived and superficial: exploring only the surface of the Bushido code and Japanese culture.<br /><br />In conclusion, the film is decent but comes far short of the epic it could have been.  Here, a great story was hampered by the inclusion of conventional modern plots that are at odds with the historical drama covered by the film.  The acting was decent but not terribly memorable due to a rather contrived script.  For a true rendition of the samurai code and feudal Japan, I would recommend films by Akira Kurosawa instead such as 'Ran', 'Kagemusha', or 'The Seven Samurai.'
I cannot say enough good things about this movie so I will try to keep it short. Set in 19th century Japan a single group of samurai is all that is left of a once fearsome and noble tradition, and Tom Cruise ends up staying with them. I do not want to say much more about the story, unlike some other reviewers, because it is impossible to tell as well as the film does. I will just say that this epic and beautfully written tale leaves you with a whole new respect for what samurais have done for the legend of Japan.<br /><br />  Tom Cruise is simply phenomenal! This is his best performance on the silver screen by far. Also, his co-star Ken Watanabe who plays the leader of the samurai is better than your highest expectaions. As for the fighting, there are many great scenes that range from sword training to being raided by ninjas to the final bloody battle that can stand up to any other ever filmed.  Speaking of blood, the special effects are outstanding and the sound is excellent, they really bring the action to life.  The anamorphic widescreen format is the icing on the cake.<br /><br />Packed with incredible fights and battles, breathtaking cinematography, and violence up the yin-yang(I know that is chinese) The Last Samurai is a must have for any movie fan!
Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), a washed-up Civil War vet tormented by guilt and swimming in a fug of alcoholism, gets recruited to train and modernise the Japanese Imperial Army. Times are a-changing in the Land of the Rising Sun: in the fervour of the Meiji Restoration, everything Western is very much &quot;in&quot; which, sadly, means that the game's up for the country's samurai, who have kept the nation in a vicegrip for the past few centuries. Some, however, aren't willing to go down without a fight, and so it is that Algren finds himself, in command of a motley and ill-trained force, facing-off against rogue samurai leader Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe). Suffice to say that things don't go entirely as planned, and Algren finds himself defeated and taken hostage by Katsumoto's samurai band. His captivity, though, proves to be the source of his redemption, as he adopts the customs of the samurai and ultimately joins them in their final stand against the Imperial forces.<br />It's all a bit Dances With Wolves but, although The Last Samurai isn't in the same league as that movie, it remains an engaging and watchable, albeit flawed, epic. Those hoping for an authentic depiction of pre-modern Japan should look elsewhere (Akira Kurosawa's films, and the recent Twilight Samurai, would be good places to start) - this is samurai culture re-tailored for a Hollywood audience. The samurai are depicted as peace-loving folk, with no reference made to the crushing feudal regime they imposed; meanwhile, Watanabe's Katsumoto, despite being vehemently opposed to the Western forces encroaching on his beloved country, speaks fluent English - a tad ridiculous, to say the least. The idyllic village to which Cruise's character is whisked away looks more like something out of Lord of the Rings - indeed, much of The Last Samurai was filmed in New Zealand; the country vistas look nothing like Japan, past or present.<br />All of this didn't stop the film from winning-over much of the native audience here, mind you, leaving only us gaijin to scoff at the inconsistencies. When you compare it to the likes of Braveheart and Gladiator, too, it starts to feel a little unfair to chastise The Last Samurai for the numerous historical liberties it takes. Hey, at least the Japanese characters actually speak some Japanese.<br />If you can overlook the inaccuracies (and I'm sure the average viewer would be happy to), The Last Samurai is a pretty entertaining watch. Cruise turns in a decent performance - moody, strained, with the faintest whiff of trying-too-hard - but it's Watanabe who provides the most compelling screen presence. His Katsumoto is a dignified, commanding figure, whose commitment to the ancient Bushido samurai code (which, with its &quot;let's rush headlong towards a bloody and unnecessary death!&quot; mantra, is more than a little unpalatable to Western audiences) seems utterly believable. Director Edward Zwick comes up with some exhilirating set pieces, too: the final battle is well-staged, but it's a ninja assault on Katsumoto's village midway through the film that leaves the most lasting impression.<br />The Last Samurai is by no means a great movie: it's too long by far, the introduction of a love interest is painfully contrived, and - crucially - it doesn't pack the emotional punch that Kevin Costner managed in Dances With Wolves. The death of the samurai culture was, let's face it, neither as tragic nor as unfair as that of the Native Americans - Zwick and co may try to have us believe otherwise, but it's a disingenuous pitch, to say the least. What you're left with is a handsome and entertaining movie - a bit hollow at the core, maybe, but well worth a watch.
The degree to which I loved this film was really surprising.  It is a film of epic proportions.  The viewer is treated to a slice of historical fiction that, thanks to the second accompanying DVD, examines the degree the filmmakers qwent to guarantee the accuracy of the time period through the actors, the scenary, the costumes and more.<br />  This movie is about a used up war Captain down on his luck who gets the opportunity to make a good deal of money by selling what he has left to offer - that being his lifetime of warring, of making war and of studying war.  He is perpetually haunted by the memories of his time serving under General Custer when he was ordered to murder innocent Native Americans, women and children, who he knew were innocent at the time they were slaughtered.  He became an alcoholic.  So the Captain is provided with this opportunity to go to Japan and train the newly developing Japanese army with the intention of defeating the old Samarai warriors who have been the protectors of the Japanese people for over 1000 years.  The young Emperer is being pushed into the modern times.  As a result, the Captain becomes exposed to the ways of the Samarai.  The story is absolutely captivating.  <p>Though I usualy don't do this, I watched the accompanying DVD with the special features.  I was glad I did because throughout the film I reflected back on what I saw and heard.  During the first 15 minutes I didn't think I'd like the film and I also had a hard time dealing with Tom Cruise as the Captain, but I knew shortly thereafter that I would be purchasing the movie on DVD.  There's just so much to see in this film and from so many different aspects that I want to be able to own and watch this movie whenever I'd want as well as share and encourage my friends and family to see it as well.
I enjoyed the Last Samurai.  I won't pretend to be a professional cinema critic and, therefore, cannot have an informed opinion about things like the cinematography, so I'll mention in brief what I do know.<p>Positives:<br />-Ken Watanabe delivers a phenomenal performance as Katsumoto.<br />-Costume design is not only beautiful, but largely accurate.<br />-Very entertaining as a whole, although people expecting a Braveheart level of action may be disappointed, as the battles are perforated with quieter moments of plot development and character insight.<br />-Many small details were nailed down with pinpoint accuracy, such as the combat stances and strikes of the samurai, the differences in speaking proficiency and dialects used between age groups and social groups amongst the Japanese.<br />-No gratuitous Taka nude scenes, geisha-esque stereotypes, etc.<p>Negatives:<br />-Some portions of the script are needlessly saccharine (although I fell for them and cried like a baby: naming it doesn't make it ineffective).<br />-The movie does drag at times, although I only noticed this after having seen it three or four times.<br />-Tom Cruise, although he does a good job, constantly seems anachronistic, especially in contrast to other casting choices.<br />-Returning to the saccharine point, the movie often seems to be caught up in its own power (especially near the ending).<br />-Some historical event inaccuracy, although the level of inaccuracy depends on whose accounts you've read and believed.<p>Misc. Notes:<br />-The title, &quot;The Last Samurai,&quot; is plural: don't look for one man as &quot;The Last Samurai,&quot; as you'll be disappointed.<br />-Yes, yes, &quot;Dances with Wolves&quot; had the same basic premise, get over it.
THE LAST SAMURAI starring Tom Cruise has been compared far too much to DANCES WITH WOLVES as though, somehow, what we have here is a reversal of THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN.  Let's just look at the movie for its own sake and forget the nonsense about comparisons to other flicks, especially DANCES WITH WOLVES.<p>THE LAST SAMURAI is simply a beautiful story about a man who is able to see the best in his &quot;enemies.&quot;  Taken prisoner, he is forced to study a culture that is based on honor and simplicity and determines to defend &quot;what he has come to love.&quot; The movie goes a long way in portraying the end of feudal Japan and accurately depicts a culture bound by spiritual beliefs that permeated everything from the way tea was served to how a warrior honorably ended his own life.  And all without the ridiculous and unnecessary political correctness that saturated DANCES WITH WOLVES! If you watch and enjoy this movie for nothing more than the beauty of Japan and the wonderful way that the makers of this movie put it on the screen you will be richly rewarded. <p>Supporting Cruise, Ken Watanabe is superb in his role as the Samurai chieftain, Katsumoto, and Hiroyuki Sanada is a scene-stealer as Cruise's antagonistic enemy, Ujio, turned reluctant but effective teacher and mentor.
This movie is about the honor of a disappearing culture falling to the ever enchroaching imperial world in both 19th Century America and Europe.  It is about the Samurai who are no longer needed in a Westernized Japan and symbolizes the culture of Japan as it is swallowed up by Western Imperialism in the 19th Century.<p>The movie centers around Captain Algren (Tom Cruise), an ex-American Civil War soldier and Indian fighter who has lost his honor and is disillusioned about the world he lives in.  Tom Cruise is great in this role and is quite possibily his best role yet.  Algren is sent to Japan by America to train the Imperial Japanese army in the way of Western warfare and weaponry.  This sets up the confrontation between the Samurai, who are defending their dying culture, and Algren, who is trying to destroy that culture.  Algren is captured by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), the Samurai leader, in the battle.  While in capitivity, Algren learns the way of the Samurai and comes to respect the dying culture.<p>Many people say this is just a rip off of Kevin Costner's Dances With Wolves.  It isn't.  This is a vastly different storyline with a similiar idea that can be seen in Dances With Wolves.  The two are different stories.<p>The production values of this movie are great and well directed by Edward Zwick (Glory).  Definitely the a great directed movie.  My hat is off to the crew that made this happen.<p>Yes, there are historical accuracies in the film, but besides Gods and Generals and Gettysburg, how many films are historical accurate?  Not many and if they were they would probably be rather boring to many.  On this DVD is a documentary about the true story of the Last Samurai by the History Channel.  So if you are worried about historical inaccuracies then you can get the real tale in the documentary on the special features disc.<p>All in all a great movie about a dying culture and how some people won't simple [surrender] themself to save their life and lose their culture.
Sunday, May 16, 2004 / 4 of 5 / Surprisingly good vehicle for Cruise.  Tom brings a suitably tortured mein to the role as a late 1870's army captain fresh off the Indian wars of the west.  Brought over to Japan to ostensibly modernize their army and remove the vestiges of the samurai caste he is quickly captured and spends the rest of the movie going through a `Dances with Wolves' transformation into a gaijin warrior.  Despite the simplistic plot, the movie is delivered with a great earnestness and sense of purpose.  Watanabe is at once fierce and serene as the lead samurai, [was he a daimyo or in the service of one?].  This film hints at the beauty and depth of bushido, trying to make it understandable to the western sensibility.  I have a great love for Japanese culture, history, and aesthetics; and this film managed to mix in some wonderful examples of those.  While it may be decried as a star vehicle for Cruise I think one can watch and enjoy it from period piece point of view.  Recommended.
It's a pretty good movie overall. It would have been nice if Tom Cruise were replaced by a japanese actor. It would have been impossible for a foreigner to learn the japanese language and how to sword fight (japanese style) in such a small space of time as described in the movie. Basicly 6 months?? LOL<br />The movie is loosely based on the &quot;Satsuma Rebellion&quot; which took place in 1876-77 when a bunch of aging Samurai decided to take a last stand against the new Meiji Government. The Samurai fought well but eventually went extinct. The Last Samurai is a good movie though, in a world with a lack of Samurai flicks.
This film is a fantasy, pure and simple, beyond just the addition of a white American to the rebel samurai ranks.  This is not necessarily a problem if the movie-goer is seeking out something other than historical drama, but the viewer should keep him/herself more in mind of "The Lord of the Rings" than of "Lawrence of Arabia" when watching it.<br />Katsumoto's deference to the Emperor is the driving force for his character, but the real samurai had no tradition of loyalty to him.  In fact, the samurai only came full-force onto the pages of history by, in effect, overthrowing the Emperor in the 12th century and usurping his power.  It wasn't until the beginning of the Meiji Era (the time in which this film is set) that the Emperor regained any real control at all, and it was his choice to "modernize" Japan (Army and all) out of a justified fear of European colonization and/or exploitation.  Of course, by this time the samurai had lived under centuries of isolationist peace, and had long since ceased to be warriors.  They had become the powerful hereditary nobles and bureaucrats of Japan, more akin to Cicero than Caesar, and it was not the creation of the Army that bothered most of them, but the new laws forbidding them to wear swords- the symbols of their status- in an attempt at abolition of the (deeply inefficient and unprofitable) nobility system.<br />Nevertheless, the character of Katsumoto is indeed based on a real person, and the film on real events.  But the those who revolted were, first, a tiny minority of the samurai who continued to live by (or re-adopted) the old lifestyle; and, second, at war over the threat to their accumulated clout, rather than over some perception of Japan "losing its way".  Their actions were nothing more than a naked power-grab.<br />The storied traditions of the samurai largely came to an end (as much as they ever existed) when Tokugawa Ieyasu came to power at the beginning of the 17th century.<br />(As a side note, the scene with the ninja was the one part of the film I found truly outlandish.  Video games aside, ninja are not readily apparent in Japan.  There is little mention of them in history; they were not, and are not, especially respected or admired; and Japanese people on the whole cannot fathom the young American male's obsession with them.  There is no matching fervor on the other side of the Pacific.  What is common knowledge, however, is that at no time would dozens of them work together or get themselves caught up in an all-out attack, nor would a government trying to 'modernize' employ them.  Since they made their living on contracts against noblemen's belongings, most of decent society looked on them with more contempt than Europeans showed the most fearsome pirates).<br />The portrayal of Japan and, specifically, samurai "society" in this film is the Western romantic version- like Mallory's portrayal of medieval knights and the Chivalric Code in "L'Morte D'Arthur".  This does not make the film entirely without merit.  The cinematography is gorgeous, and I would happily watch the film again for that alone.  The acting is fairly strong.  I personally think Tom Cruise is an excellent actor, when he chooses a good role (like in "Rain Man", "Eyes Wide Shut", and others), and he performs adequately here.  However, it is far from his best work, and I think it was a correct decision for the Academy not to honor him with a nomination this year.<br />Perhaps part of the problem with the performance was a problem with the characters.  Most were rather typical of the genre known as "epic", and I could guess what they were going to say before the words were out of their mouths.  The story itself was easily predictable, but plot twists are not the reason most people will come to see this film.<br />Altogether, I can best describe the movie as "fun".  I find it enjoyable in the same way as I do anything from "Terminator 2" to "Sleepless in Seattle".  It's entertainment, not art.
A very well crafted movie, with so many parallels to the spiritual life, especially the priesthood. I was particularly struck by its romantic view of an idealized lost culture, juxtaposed against modern industry and greedy politicians, which served as a warning against the dangers of Utilitarianism (which pope John Paul II spent so much time speaking out against in his writings).
One of my all time favorites. Arrived early in great condition. It was wonderful to see it in HD. I have it on DVD but it was a great deal.
Bargain deal at a great price. Bought it during Black Friday at amazing low price with super saver shipping! Packaging is fine.
asome!! A must see movie if you love action!! worth watching more then once. hurry and get yours today. My son watched it four times.
Movie was easy to find online.  It arrived as promised and I'm happy with the order and the way it was processed.  I'll order from this company again.
I'm happy with the service, especially the package and the protection of this item. The movie have very good quality image and sound. I will recommend to my friend and family
Nathan Algren (played by Tom Cruise) is a troubled alcoholic who is fast approaching self-destruction, following the North American Indian Wars.<br /><br />Down and nearly out, Algren is approached by members of his former cavalry unit to help train the emerging Japanese military.<br /><br />At first Algren is driven by the opportunity to make a quick and substantial dollar in Japan, yet it is when he is left for dead that he begins the process of healing himself, whilst held in captivity.<br /><br />The film provides a sample of a Japan that has newly opened itself to the Western World, with tradition and new ways having an uneasy relationship.<br /><br />It is possibly one of Cruise's best performances of the 2000's, and the movie narrative is rich with action and meaningful story.<br /><br />Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
I always wanted to see this movie, and I wasn't disappointed.  It was a wonderful DVD!!  It arrived in pristine condition.
Great Quality DVD, clean, no scratches. Came quite quickly. Came with everything as promised and in perfect condition! NO complaints here!
A samurai is an Asian/ Japanese knight. It was a decent action/ adventure flick. Worth renting once or twice. Tom Cruise's fame doesn't do much to heighten the film  sceptic's disbelief. I think how good the actors and director can suspend your disbelief that what you are seeing is staged and not real is how to judge a good movie.
It was a quick send<br />It was a great product<br />I would buy from againnn
The last Samurai is a typical movie to watch on Blu Ray. The image during the first 20 minutes of the movie are not impressive, but once Tom is in the samurai village the image quality is beautiful!
This movie is one of the best movie every time you see it... you learn somthing new.
Outstanding in every way. I can't think of a movie in recent history that I have enjoyed more.<br /><br />Great cultural piece.
Tom C's best movie - I am not a big Tom C. fan but this is his best movie. Good pace, good acting, great soundtrack it has it all -
Maybe you have already seen this Movie on DVD so you know what I'm talking about. I`ve you're interest in Historic Movie's like Patriot or Bravehearth you will like this Movie. But beware, the Picture looks not real HD, only like a Medium DVD Tranfer. If you have seen King Kong on HD you will be disappointed because the Picture never seems to be real sharp. The same with the Sound - The DD5.1 Downmix is very poor...you must turn the Sound up at near 30% higher as Miami Vice or King Kong to have the same Sound Level...What's up Warner?<br /><br />But don't understand me wrong, I love this Movie...it has Bookmarks and a good Extras "Setup" - so maybe this is only the beginning for the "Real HD Experience" ;-)
I think this is a seriously underrated film.  I know a lot of people don't think Cruise is a fantastic actor, but I think he does a great job in this film.  A lot of people don't think Costner is a great actor, but many think he did great in Dances With Wolves.  The Last Samurai is Cruise's Dances With Wolves.  It takes place in the same relative time period, and it involves a man taken into a new culture and learning to respect and love it.  Lots of tremendous Japanese actors, and great fighting and battle scenes.  It also features a terrific Ninja battle.  Give this one a try, it is worth the effort.
I have seen the film in theaters and about a hundred times on DVD. I beleive it to be the very best film on dvd. Ps. HEY DUDE WHO WROTE THAT SAMURAI IS INNCORECT AND BUSHI IS CORRECT IS WRONG, BUSHI WAS THE SAMURAI'S NAME BEFORE THEY WENT INTO SERVICE OF THE EMPEROR, SAMURAI "TO SERVE" MEANS TO SERVE THE EMPEROR, READ UP ON YOUR HISTORY BEFORE MAKING SUCH ALIGATIONS.<br /><br />ANYWAYS best dang movie of all time 5 out of 5.
'Good enough' is about as good a review I can think of for this movie.  As long as your prepared for the formula ending you should be able to enjoy this movie purely on its solid production merits.  Worth viewing.
Rolling in late December 2003, this movie surprised me a great deal. I didn't know how deep it would try and be, or how good the storyline or action was. I may hear people complain about a few plot holes, but give the movie a break, guys. This is definitely one of Tom Cruise's best outings. One of his most emotional performances is given here. Ken Watanabe is astounding as the leader of the samurai clan that take Civil War vet Capt. Nathan Aulgren (Cruise) into their clan as a P.O.V. but he eventually learns to like their culture and becomes a samurai himself. The landscape of the movie is beautiful, and Hans Zimmer's score plays gloriously in the background.<br />  The movie really makes you eventually hate the &quot;modern&quot; enemy of a modernized Japan, with a fully-equipped legion of American-trained soldiers, Nathan's old enemy from back home, and the leader of the new brand of soldiers. This leads to an all-out war between the samurai and the new Japan and it is an incredible scene when these two go at it, definitely one of my favorite movie war scenes of all-time.<br />  The DVD is a fully-loaded 2 disc-set, boasting impressive video quality and audio quality on the first one with 2.35:1 and Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack (I would've liked a DTS though), and impressive special features on the second disc that further immerse you in the world of old Japan.<p>  Definitely a very powerful, albeit a bit fictitious, film. Spoiler coming up--------<p>we all know Tom Cruise died on the battlefield.
The Last Samurai is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It was a blockbuster smash in Japan.  It tells the story of the Samurai of Japan and how they became obsolete due to westernization of their country.  Although the last scene with the emperor concerning his decision whether to fully open Japan to the West is pure fiction, the rest is generally accurate.  The director seeks to romanticize the samurai.  The samurai traditions and culture are not that difficult to romanticize.  Everything they stood for is portrayed in the film.  Watching it, you yearn to add these values to your own life, and feel achingly their loss to today's society.  This is the true value of the film - to raise the samurai once again, in their full glory of life, and the strange glory of their deaths.<p>The climactic scene of the final battle between the samurai and the new army is predictable, yet still horrifying.  You just wish it could end differently.  Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe are glorious.  Watanabe received a Best Supporting Actor nomination.  I feel The Last Samurai should have received more nominations, and at least one Oscar.<p>In real life, the last of the samurai did indeed perish in a last-stand battle against the new military.  They were led by a samurai general who died in the battle.  He is now a hero in Japanese legend and culture.
This is a very entertaining movie. good action, good scenery and good story. Not as good as braveheart, but one of the best of 2003. extras are good
I am not especially a big Tom Cruise fan but this was an EXCEPTIONAL Film.  I can see that a lot of time and effort went into the making of this wonderful film.  This action packed film keeps you on the edge of your seat and will also tear at your heart. It is a must have for all serious film buffs and dvd collectors.  I will watch this film again and again.
For those who enjoy the book SHOGUN by James Clavell, sit back for a true treat.  The story, though not new, is very tightly woven.  From the epic scenery of Japan(wow!) to the battles scenes(double wow!), this movie shows nothing but grace througout it's 2 1/2 hours.  The romance was refreshing and beautiful as there are no nudity or sexual scenes that hollywood soo depends on to get ratings(or points across).  How powerful it is to just see plain human emotion show by one's ever so slight movement and gestures.  Incredible.  The Asian actors, Ken Watanabe, Hiroyuki Sanada, and Koyuki(gorgeous in all graceful forms) all deserve nominations as I rarely see such inspiring performances.  Everything you'd expect in a grand adventure from director Edward Zweck.  The music by Hans Zimmer is truly deserving.  Though not as "Japanese" as some reviewers stated, I truly felt heart motivated through his symphonic composition for the battle scenes.  I'm sorry, should I instead state "awe inspired"!  So sit back, relax and enjoy something that only comes out once in awhile.  If you like this, perhaps you'll also enjoy a Japanese animation that's called "samurai X: trust, and samurai X:betrayal".  <p>For those who disliked this movie or criticized it for being "tom cruised" or "not historically accurate", try watching with an open mind.  I usually go watch movies to be inspired, love, hate, feel through them, not to point out every flaw I see.
This movie is a good one, but it could have been much better. If you go in expecting a period action piece, you will not be disappointed. Those expecting something along the line of "Braveheart" be warned. Tom Cruise is enjoyable, but he gives his standard performance. Which is to say that you do not see a character like he is capable of giving, such as Ron Kovic in "Born on the 4th of July" or even Lestat in "Interview with the Vampire." Instead you get Tom Cruise as an angst-ridden, recovering alcoholic that looks great in a kimono. But the performance still works, it's just shame about the missed potential.<br />Ken Watanabe is very charismatic as the traditionalist-turned-outlaw who tries to hold on to the outdated beliefs of the samurai. The chemistry between he and Cruise is very good and it's one of the more pleasurable aspects of the film. As well as the much too short screen time of Billy Conelly and Tony Goldwyn. The cinematography and the costumes are also great and are bound to get oscar nominations.<p>Unfortunately this film buys into it's own granduer, and it falls short on that level. There are some great moments in the film, don't get me wrong. Edward Zwick proves he can still crank out a battle scene and he clearly outdoes himself in the last battle of the film. Even when you know what the outcome will be. But that's where the film should have ended. Instead you get another ten minutes of an eye rolling, very sappy resolution. I'm not sure if this was the product of Zwick or the suits at WB, but does not work.<br />Another scene I found difficult to swallow was an assassination attempt. Great fight choreography, great action, but awkwardly placed and no justification for it. You can almost hear a studio exec say "This is Japan. So where are the ninjas?" If the gunpowder obsessed emperor and cronies sent the assassins, (which is whom you assume sent them) why did they use ninjas instead of rifleman? Thereby proving the effectiveness of rifle over swords. It's because it makes for a great action scene, that's why, and the audience will eat it up.<p>The film is good and I recommend it. But be warned that at times it comes across as very contrived. I was hoping for an epic, instead I got a really good action flick. Three stars instead four due to studio induced Oscar pandering
There is a goof during the battle scene with the ninjas: the scene where Cruise is on the ground with a ninja on top of him trying to push him into the sword - the part when the kid (I forget his name) picka up a sword and fights the other ninja. Watch Cruise on the ground. He gets the ninja off of him, and the next time it shows him still on the ground with the ninja on him!
I was surprised that I actually liked this one, particularly since it seemed to promise just another run-of-the-mill action/adventure period piece. Of course I happen to be partial to these kinds of stories and I have a great fondness for the Japanese variants of same. Still I didn't expect to enjoy this hybrid eastern-western that reworked Japanese history in order to put a dissolute and despondent American war hero (who's tortured by what he did in the Indian wars that followed on the Civil War) into the era of Japanese modernization. Tom Cruise always seems to me to be too cuddly to play such roles and yet I thought he pulled this one off. The story held together and was absorbing if somewhat predictable while Cruise actually proved to be a somewhat convincing American dissolute. That he takes to the Samurai lifestyle and weapons handling practices so readily is a bit hard to believe though the film does a good job of dragging out the learning process enough so that it doesn't look too precipitous. Of course, the American is only with his captors for a few months so it's a little hard to accept that he manages to become expert in Japanese swordsmanship in so short a span. But the film makes it look convincing and that's usually enough in this kind of thing. The battle scenes are also nicely done and the Samurai lord, Katsuomoto, who captures and ultimately befriends the American Algren is powerfully portrayed. Although there was little that was unexpected, Katsoumoto's escape from his enemies at the emperor's court was probably the high point and the least predictable in the film's repertoire of scenes. I'd see this one again for its ambience and tight storytelling, even if it didn't ultimately swallow me up, which, on my view, is the true measure of a great film.<br /><br />SWM<br />author of The King of Vinland's Saga
The guys wrote a lot of good stuff in other reviews and i'm not gonna add any more except my HIGH appreciation and recommendations to this movie. I watched twice in the cinema, and finally i go the DVD and watched it again.<p>To me, this is the best movie for Tom Cruise. And it will be a while till he can do something that is better than this one.<p>Again, This is PERFECT. It deserves the 5 stars without hesitating.<p>regards
"The Last Samarai" is one of the greatest films released in 2003, starring Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe.  Its hardhitting impact is intense enough to keep audiences' eyes wide open through the whole movie.  Its written plot of a US soldier changing his life for the better in Japan is brilliant.  Despite the war themes, there are some great heartwarming scenes, namely when the US soldier starts healing his pains from his US war battles.  As he begins learning Japanese traditions, he begins learning more about himself, which plays a crutial part in the film.  As this develops, the drama also develops, which keeps audiences interested.  This allows the conflicts between the two sides to be brought out as brilliantly as it was.  His friends' life stories add an additional unique flavor.  The war scenes are uniquely intense.  Few other movies have thought of such original war scenery.  This teaches audiences that there is no one way to fight a war or to solve a conflict. <p>Its Oscar-nominated 1870's Japanese setting is flawless.  They prove that they did their research to construct such an elaborate set.  The war scenes are desplicted as brutal as they should thanks to the special effects.  The costumes are accurate from those times.  Such great background offers an improved sense of this masterpiece film.<p>Tom Cruise's underrated role as US soldier Nathan Algren is his best in years.  His two years of training to prepare for his role paid off.  He never loses his intense sense of emotion for a second.  The pain and agony expressed are as pure as if he actually lived it.  Ken Watanabe's Oscar-nominated role as Samarai leader Katsumoto rightfully places him in the spotlight.  This performance makes acting appear easy when it's actually the opposite.  He proves that he will become a big-name actor in the next following years.  All other actors also performed their roles beautifully.<p>"The Last Samarai" is great for those looking for a unique war movie with emotion.  This is sure to please many audiences.  This is destined to be a classic in the following years as it deserves.
&#65533;The path to enlightenment is littered with the bodies of the ignorant.&#65533;<p>This movie was simply incredible.  The acting second to none, the story moving and flawless, the characters deep and passionate, a must see, again and again.<p>Hired to train the army of a Japan drowning in western influence, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), becomes captured by a band of &#65533;savage&#65533; samurai warriors led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe). In the months to come Algren embraces the code of the samurai and befriending his &#65533;savage&#65533; enemies to soon discover there is nothing savage about honor, duty, and respect.
After reading some of the reviews here, I was not expecting too much from this movie, but thought I would give it a try anyway.<br />I was truly surprised, it was VERY well done, the acting and story line were far more solid then I had expected. This movie delievered far more then I expected. <p>So all I really have to say, is give this movie a try, I doubt you will be disapointed.
Although I generally eschew movies with battles and lots of warfare, and had to be convinced by my husband to see this, I was amazed at how wonderful this movie was.  <p>There were no cheesy moments in this film.  There were no gratuitous gore, violence, or nudity.  No sex, just the gentle suggestion of what could happen at some other date.  It was fabulously done.  Fully believable, and very in tune with the Japanese culture that I was exposed to while living there.<p>Clearly a previous reviewer didn't watch the film carefully.  The main character was never officially made a samurai; however, he was exposed to eastern philosophies in a gentle, very authentic, eastern philosophy way.  The main character learned about mindlessness, mindfulness, and other tennants of Buddhism, but overall the main theme of this epic was HONOR.  Honor in living, honor in battle, and honor in death.  <p>Young teens and older children could watch this field, because it lacks the graphic violence and sexuality as I mentioned before.  I am the mother of a 12 and 15-year-old, and I will show it to them  with no hesitation.
Honor.  Integrity.  Loyalty.  And Bushido (translated to, "way of the warrior").  What place do these hold in life and all it encompasses.  Warner Bros. "The Last Samurai" attempts to depict the epic and time age tale of traditional norms versus a new and modernizing society.<p>The story takes place in Japan.  However, not Japan as we know it today, but just as it was emerging from its bloody, feudal cradle.  A feudal bloodbath entailing Japanese ways of life no more than 150 years ago.<p>"The Last Samurai" begins with a Japanese empirical advisor who needs the samurai eliminated in order to finish his railroad.  At first the samurai are viewed as imperial rebeliests; "barbarians" with no sense of what is right and wrong.  The advisor hires an American Civil War veteran, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), and for $500 a month he trains a small army of men to fight the samurai.  But when the samurai attack a railroad construction village the advisor becomes impatient and orders Cruise's superior officer Colonel Benjamin Bagly (Tony Goldwyn) to lead the small and unprepared force against the samurai.  The skilled and experienced samurai easily overpower the unpolished army and take Cruise as their prisoner.  Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) the group leader of the samurai, along with other agendas, wishes to "know his enemy."<p>Cruise eventually grows to love the simplicity and stillness of the samurai way of life.  He adopts the concept of Bushido (Japanese for "way of the warrior"); a theme that flows compassionately throughout the film.  Over the course of a year he learns samurai ways, their fighting methods, and even eventually begins to learn their language. But when his new found life is threatened by the old, he chooses to fight with the men he once considered his enemy.<p>Tom Cruise plays Nathan Algren, a downtrodden Civil War veteran who douses his troubles in alcohol.  He suffers from flashbacks that give Cruise's character a sense of shame and weariness.  And while Cruise's performance is exceptional even he cannot take precedence over the grandeur and scope of what "The Last Samurai" does symbolize.  The death of an era, and the usherance of technological assimilation.<p>Asian actors Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto), and Koyuki (Taka), play their roles brilliantly; and while their dialogue is not as numerous as Cruise's, their actions speak for more than themselves.  Katsumoto, is a proud, thoughtful, and an integrible samurai leader.  For more than 900 years he and his ancestors have protected the ways and honor of his people.  He and Cruise periodically converse in philosophical meetings sprinkled with humor.  Taka shines as Cruise's caretaker.  However, very early in the movie we find out that Taka is a widow of a samurai that Cruise has killed in battle; an enigma that lends a sense of depth and responsibility to both characters roles throughout the movie.<p>Perhaps one of the more historical points is the weakness of the Japanese Emperor, Meiji, played by Scichinosuke Nakamura.  At this point of Japan's history, the Emperor became more of a figurehead, controlled by a group of economist advisors only wishing to fatten their wallets.  But this is portrayed in more of a symbolic matter throughout "The Last Samurai."<p>Both the complexity and simplicity of "The Last Samurai," enjoy ubiquity throughout the film.  There is never a moment in which both must not be weighed equally.  With every scene there is a sense of duty and honor, while there is at the same time enjoyment in the stillness of life.  A concoction of artsy filmography and articulating background music allow the plot to encompass all aspects of the movie; never will a moment take precedence over the plot or all that it strives to facilitate.  The facts of the matter are perhaps best but in a quote from the movie:<p>Algren:  "Life in every breath . . ."<br />Katsumoto:  "That is Bushido"<p>All in all I would have to say "The Last Samurai" will be going on my all time favorite list.  Never have a watched a movie with such compassion and dedication towards one fervor.  Every fight scene is not without purpose, and a message.  And the action does not sway the viewer from the movie's ultimate and undeniable essence.<p>Several comparisons by other film critics have compared the movie to "Lawrence of Arabia," and "Dances with Wolves," in which the westerner becomes infatuated and then eventually assimilated into the natural culture; I even noticed several parallels to "Glory," which was also directed by Edward Zwick.  And while these aspects may have lended something to the movie, simply enjoy it for what it is; volumes could be written on the parallels to Akira Kurusawa's "Seven Samurai." No matter how many similarities there may be, there are just as many original concepts to be beheld.<p>The only one complaint I have is the "Hollywood" ending.  Hauntingly familiar to "Dances with Wolves," it was ending that did not seem befitting of such a cinematic masterpiece.  However, I would have to say that it is worthy of any notable DVD collection.<p>After the movie was over and the credits began their usual scroll, I noticed that nearly half the people in the audience sat there while the other half stood and enjoyed the music.  I would like to think that they remained in deep contemplation and awe of all that this movie put into essence.  I know I did . . .
"The Last Samurai" is one of this year's best movies! It is brilliant and poignant, with emotional and brilliant performances by Tom Cruise, Ken Watanabe, and the rest of the cast. Tom Cruise is Captain Nathan Algren, a man who is conflicted by the past by a very serious incident that happened during the Civil War. He is offered a job in Japan, where he is going to train the emperor's soldiers. But, when they are pulled into combat early, that is when during the soldiers' first attack that Algren is captured by the Samurai and kept alive by Katsumoto, played by Ken Watanabe. That he is where he learns about his enemy and gets enlightened by them and decides to stay with them. Timothy Spall plays Simon Graham, a translator and photographer who is with Algren in this magnificent journey. Billy Connolly plays Zebulon Gant, a dear friend of Algren. Tony Goldwyn plays Colonel Bagley, a comrade and enemy of Algren's. This is a brilliant movie with a powerful story and a powerful word about how you look at things and you think at what they should be. Edward Zwick's directing is brilliant. The costume design by Ngila Dickson is splendid. The production design by Lilly Kilvert is incredibly beautiful. The film editing by Steven Rosenblum and Victor du Bois is excellent. The cinematography by John Toll is brilliant. The music by Hans Zimmer is powerful and brilliantly excellent. The story & screenplay by John Logan, Marshall Herskovitz, & Edward Zwick is emotionally powerful and brilliant. Go see this movie and it might inspire you and make you think about things in perspective. See it before you see "The Lord Of The Rings: The Return Of The King" in theaters everywhere. I enjoy this movie because it was a little different than some people expect. I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys these kinds of movies. Even a person who isn't a Tom Cruise fan will probably enjoy it as well.
This movie was so great in all aspects. Tom Cruise excelled as the leading role. He brought humor, emotion, and charisma to his part that I really didn't think he could pull off. All of the Japanese Samurai characters were great and you will come to love them as the movie goes along. You can see why Cruise's character would rather live with them than his own people. The action scenes were awesome, but much more gory than even I expected. Those samurai swords can do some gruesome things. The movie is never boring, and it managed to keep my attention for the full 2 hours and 30 minutes. This movie is easily going to be nominated for best picture, music, and set design at the 2004 Oscars. Go see this extraordinary Movie..I guarantee you will be glad you did.
This movie has action, drama, story, great cinematography and good acting. The fight sequences are well choreographed. The story is deep and has soul. It gave me that feel like when I saw dances with wolves and fighting spirit like Gladiator. This movie will bring the Warrior out of you once you get into it!<p>If, like me you love Epics, History, Martial arts and ZEN stuff,<br />You'll enjoy this movie hopefully.
Wow!  It's a samurai flick starring Tom Cruise, and you know what: He's turing Japanese, I think He's turning Japanese, I really think so.  "The Last Samurai" is a film that tries to take a huge step into this imported-cult genre.  Hey, I like samurai flims and I LOVE 'Seven Samurai', so knowing that a movie like this is coming out in theaters has really got me hyped up in anticipation.  Many people say that an epic film starring Tom Cruise is a lousy gimmick for the movie to bring in the big bucks, and to make Cruise and the WB look good.  When I was checking this out, thought the lousy idea is there, "The Last Samurai" actually executes into a well-productive and impressive film to see.<p>This film start off with the handsome actor as Nathan Algren, a wasted Civil War veteran grieving over his bloody memories of that war, being sent to the land of the rising sun by authorities of two nations in order to train Bigwig soldiers how to fight against the 'antagonists'.  During his first battle of Nihhon Civil War, he lost, and instead of being killed dishonerably by the oppositioners, they took him to their turf, a really nice and solitude turf.  Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), the head village chief and captain of his soldiers, decides to use him to know more on his enemies' new weapondrym and later builds a strong partnership with Algren, that which is Cruise, to stop them.<p>Since I realized this isn't based on a true story, I knew that this movie would go by-the-numbers and there would be some easy-to-recognize foreshadowing moments. Hey, this is an epic movie; Epic = violence, betrayal, love, and honor. Actually, the formula works in high numbers for this flick.  Knowing how Algren mourned over the massacre in a native-american village his men caused many years ago, and how he was adjust to a Japanese village while he was captured was intriguing, especially when he knows much about the Japanese culture: how the people were respectable though silly like normal people, be spiritually intertwine, understand nature, and aware about life and death, even children must know about it; man, now I can understand why death is acceptable in Japanese animation.  Adding Aldren knowing the hidden samurai spirit within, and the whole plotting structure makes this raw sushi well-done.<p>Great as it seems, on the less greener side, the movie doesn't  have a certain ingenuity that makes it inspiring and feels like it plays a big role in the movie industry and in our hearts.  The movie is very emotional and breathtaking, but it's not exactly thought-provoking.  Breathtaking is what I like to say the most on the movie's production value: good selection of cast, above-par acting, wonderful musical score, and battles mixed with somewhat-noticeable special effects that really build up an adreneline rush.<p>'The Seven Samurai', this movie is so not at its league, but "The Last Samurai" is a great epic film to watch.  It's not profound, but it's still compelling in many ways.  Samurai films like this should be made more, nowadays.
This film is definately on the top of my favorite movie list. Tom Cruise does a beautiful job portraying a Civil War veteran that is having a lot of difficulty accepting what occured in his past. He goes to Japan for a job of training a modern Japanese army fighting the last of the samurai that are rebeling against the ways of the government, but still fighting for the emperor. He ends up becoming a part of the warriors he was training to kill, and so begins the epic tale of Nate Algren. A memorable line that the charecter Nathan Algren states at the beginning of the movie is this: You want me to kill Jappos, I'll kill Jappos.<br />Colonel Bagley: I'm not asking you to kill anybody.<br />Algren: &quot;You want me to kill THE ENEMIES of Jappos, I'll kill THE ENEMIES of Jappos... Rebs, The Souix, The Cheyenne... For $500 a month I'll kill whoever you want. But keep one thing in mind, I'd gladly kill you for free.&quot; Really makes you wanna hang around this guy, huh? The acting is amazing, Ken Watanbe plays a cool headed philosopher type samurai that has interesting and touching ideas. This movie is definatly one that is worth seeing. For sure a five star movie.
I didn't have high expectations for this movie, but it surprised and pleased me enough to watch it 3 times.  I've always like Tom Cruise and he doesn't disappoint in this movie.  But the real star is Ken Watanabe as the Samurai leader-what perfect casting! And Koyuki as the Samurai widow was just plain gorgeous.  The HD DVD transfer made an already beautiful movie that much better.  Highly recommended.
I wasnt certain what to expect from "The Last samurai". The fact that Cruise and long time collaborator Paula Wagner co-produced this film made me wonder if this was just another action vehicle for Tom to flex his dramatic chops. Having seen the film I hav to say I was pleasantly surprised. Cruise shows he has grown as an actor although I must admit I still see Tom CRuise and not the character he is playing.<br /><br />The plot has been decribed in other reviews so I need not elaborate here. what I will say is that the cinematography of this film was breathtaking. The scenes of rural Japan were gorgeous. I was particulalrly impressed with the recreation of the Japanese harbor circa 1876 with a bustling Japanese port and a majestic mount fuji looming in the distance.<br /><br />The actors were all particularly great, especially Ken Watanabe who plays the rebelious(?)samurai Katsumoto. His presence on screen was commanding and his ability to be stern and understanding really worked. You cant help but feel for the inner turmoil his character endures.<br /><br />Overall "the last samurai" was a fantastic film with great acting and some great imagery. I felt Algren's inner conflict could have been fleshed out more and we could have a better understanding of why Katsumoto's view of life was preferable to Algren than the viewpoint of the new Japanese government.<br /><br />Good film , RECOMMENDED!
Congratulations Ton Cruise you have finally made a film I can watch without wanting to punch you in the middle of your smug face, you took a back seat for once and let more talented actors have the stage.  I love the samurai genre and have seen probably every example (when the last sword is drawn is best in my view) and therefore felt compelled to watch this movie despite the fact I cant stand Cruise but in truth I have to say I LOVED THIS MOVIE.  It is superbly well made, visually stunning and very moving. Koyuki and uijo were deeply impressive as was katsumoto.  I have seen it six times now and it just gets better.  The soundtrack is worth buying on it's own. It deserved to have been  better received when it was released but it was in competition with 'the return of the king' which was unfortunate as the last samurai is far the better film.  No one I know who has seen this film has anything less than great admiration for it.
Awesome movie. Many people say that it is long and boring, but it is only half true. The movie is long, its 154 minutes, but it is by no means boring. This movie has a solid story line which it follows throughout the whole movie. It is centered around one character (Tom Cruise), and he appears in just about every scenes. However, the other characters aren't left out of the movie either. They all play parts that are just as important. This movie is also quite informative; before seeing it I knew little about the samurai, but I learned quite a bit about these Japanese warriors from this movie. Also there are some great fighting scenes in this movie that are worth watching. Overall, I think this was a great movie and I recommend for people to see it.<br /><br />4.5 stars but Amazon doesn't have halves. :(
The Last Samurai does many things exactly right, but falls short in a few key respects. It's a great action movie, and passable as a drama. That's a shame, because it could have been great on both counts.<br /><br />The major problem with this movie is that the main character is played by Tom Cruise. This isn't because I think he's a bad actor; in fact, I think he does a pretty good job with his role in this film. However, a white man was totally unnecessary here -- this movie would have been much better off as a story dealing only with the Japanese. The assimilation that occurs here strains credulity, and certainly Ken Watanabe, in a sterling performance as Katsumoto, could have carried a film himself. The fact that the presence of Cruise is a necessary concession to the target audience makes it forgivable, but not likable.<br /><br />Things would have been better if Cruise's character, Algren, were better explored by the film. Unfortunately, although Cruise does his best, the writers don't seem to know what to do with Algren. Though his transformation is the heart of this story, we never really come to understand who Algren was at the beginning, and have only a vague idea of who he has become at the end. Even his journal entries, poorly narrated by Cruise, grant us little insight. We are merely left to take for granted that Algren would come to respect, rather than resent, his captors. Why Algren takes a more enlightened approach to other cultures than his American peers is also a mystery.<br /><br />This lack of insight into Algren should be contrasted with Katsumoto, whose motivations, though convoluted by modern standards, are fully explicated.<br /><br />In other respects, this film succeeds greatly, and masterfully avoids falling into most of the Hollywood traps. There's no sex scene, no pointless explosions, and in many ways, no happy ending. The battle scenes are wonderfully shot, and the setting is excellently delineated. The emotional interplay between Cruise and his Japanese counterparts is good in most instances, though there are a few moments that falter. And Katsumoto's final scene is powerful and moving, an excellent note on which to end a movie.<br /><br />Unfortunately, they didn't go straight from there to the film's epilogue. Instead, they tacked on an additional scene with Algren and the emperor, in which the dialogue consisted almost entirely of cliches, and the young Emperor (jarringly) speaks in idiomatic American English. It's crap, and it comes at the end of the movie, where it does the most damage.<br /><br />If you can convince yourself to forget that awful piece of filmmaking, however, The Last Samurai has some resonance, a moving story, and compelling characters. Katsumoto in particular is one of the most interesting characters to come onscreen in recent years, and I cannot stress enough how well Ken Watanabe plays him. This movie is worth renting just to see his intense performance. If you're a fan of samurai films in general, it's probably worth a buy. It's far from the quality of a Kurosawa epic, but The Last Samurai is a much better film than your average Hollywood blockbuster.
This movie is one of the greatest action movies I have ever seen, with great acting, directing, and a great plot.  It keeps you interested for the full 2 and a half hours.  Nathan (Tom Cruise) is recruited (by his superior officer whom he despises) to train the Japanese army (he was a good warrior in the battles in the U.S. against the "Indians") as the Japanese are trying to civilize themselves and be a world power and they want to get rid of the Samurai and rural way of life and customs (including no firearms).  After being ordered to lead the Japanese Army into battle prematurely against the Samurai he is almost killed and captured by the Samurai as the Army gets demolished even with their guns.  He lives with the Samurai and their leaded Katsumoto, who after a while the two take a great liking to one another and Nathan begins to train with them and learn their lifestyle and discipline which he comes to highly admire.  After being returned almost 2 years later to the Japanese Army (which is 20 times larger now) he finds they have new firepower (gattling guns and cannons) and they will destroy the Samurai's in battle.  Katsumoto then turns himself in to the Emporer (who is his friend) only to be told he will die. But Nathan and the other Samurai's rescue Katsumoto and Nathan takes up w/ them in a battle against the whole Japanese Army.  That's all I'll tell you but you have to go see the movie, it's GREAT and you'll be pleased, especially at the ending and the honor and discipline that is promoted through the movie.
I had the privilage of the movie and all i can say that it was amazing. everything from the acting to the set designs was great. The dialogue was very engaging and the fight scenes was out of this world, especially when TOM cruise's character fights Ujia in training. Tom does an excellent job and proves his acting can garner an oscar nomination for a lead role.
a very enjoyable film with captivating visuals (the filmmakers deserve much credit for filming in actual authentic locations) and powerful, realistic fight scenes.<br /><br />The story does test one's "believability standards" a bit, but in a manner akin to Gladiator and so many others. This is Hollywood. Sit back and give yourself to the movie. There is so much here to enjoy.
I haven't read all of the reviews, so I don't know if this has been touched, but this is a total rip-off of the novel Shogun by Clavell. It just happens in a more &quot;modern&quot; Japan. Clavell's is in the year 1600, this one is more like 1860 or so.<br /><br /> The movie is long, overly long. I'm pretty tired in the evenings and this took about 3 days to watch!<br /><br /> The acting is good & the battles and sword fights are great. However, this movie really has nothing to offer as far as originality, tone, or filming. I'm really surprised it was even made.
What's the reason for watching The Last Samurai? The sword-fighting scenes.  There are a lot of sword-fighting scenes, they're well-done, and if you enjoy watching them you'll find entertainment value in the movie.  Also, the Japanese countryside is filmed beautifully here, so if you have an appreciation for nature, it's another incentive to watch.<p>Otherwise, The Last Samurai is nothing special.  The storyline is simplistic; the samurai are all two-dimensional and unquestionably the fine and good people in the film.  They can do no evil, truly.  For Cruise it's one of those self-righteous roles where he gets to look angsty for the camera.  There's one scene at the end for example, where he's kneeling and holding up a sword, and he's trying to look like someone who is under great emotional strain and there are these ludicrous close-ups of his sweaty face - really gratuitous.  The movie defintely would have benefited from some editing and character development.
I did not hear the best reviews of The Last Samurai when it came out. Many said it was a good film, but not up to the epic status it had obviously tried to achieve. My mother is not at all a Tom Cruise fan, so I did not hear much good about him either.<br />  Then my grandparents glowingly recommended the movie to my whole family, and we decided to watch it with them one night when they came over. What I had seen when it ended was a moving, excellent film which, if not perhaps an epic, is certainly a wonderful tale of a culture and heritage slipping away from an ancient and lasting civiliazation.<br />  As I said, this movie is perhaps not an epic on the scale of-The Lord of the Rings, for example. It does not contain quite the sweep and grand scale that the latter has in buckets. It is about honor, about discipline, and about a man from a completely different country who joins forces with the samurai. So no, I would not necessarily call it an epic, although it certainly contains some of the ingredients of one. Whether the director and screenwriters intended it to be, I do not know, but that certainly does not keep it from being one of the better films I have seen.<br />  The hero is Captain Nathan Algren, a Civil War veteran and soldier in the 7th Cavalry who fought in the Indian wars. At the beginning of the film, however, he is not employed in warfare, but in promoting the weapons of the Winchester arms company. He does not come out to perform in time, however, and he is fired.<br />  Another job comes his way, however, when his commander asks him to accept the offer of a certain Mr. Omura, a man highly ranked in the Japanese government who, in accordance with his and the Japanese emperor's wishes to westernize his nation, is employing American soldiers to train the Japanese army. Algren agrees, although horrible memories of attacking innocent settlements in the Indian wars make him loathe his commander.<br />  Once in Japan, Algren assumes the responsibility of training the Japanese army, which consists mostly of peasants who have never even held guns.<br />  Then, before the army is fully trained, a samurai leader, Katsumoto, a man who thinks Japan is changing too quickly, continues the rebellion he had previously begun by attacking the railroad owned by the same Mr. Omura who hired Algren. Algren's superiors insist on attacking, despite Algren maintaining that the troops are unready for combat.<br />  Despite superior firepower and numbers, the Samurai win a resounding victory at the battle, and Algren is captured. But after several difficult months, he finds himself living among friends, not enemies. He is captivated by the ideals and disciplines of the samurai, and comes to fight on their side in a climactic battle whose outcome will decide Japan's future.<br />  The directing is certainly very good-Edward Zwick seems to be one of those talented fellows who can have two characters very obviously love each other without commiting fornication. That was one of the most amazing aspects of this movie. The sister of Katsumoto comes to love Algren during the course of his stay, and they actually remain chaste. Wow! What a concept! I am sick of having well-made movies filled with trash that renders it off-limits, and The Last Samurai was refreshingly free of sex.<br />  A word of warning, though-it is fairly violent, and there is some swearing, so despite it's good qualities I wouldn't recommend it for the younger children.<br />  The camera-work is also excellent, giving us some views of the wonderful countryside of...New Zealand. I find it a little strange that this movie was not actually filmed in Japan, but the country is so beautiful I can overlook it, and it looked to me like a place that could easily be found in Japan. But I have never been there, so don't take my word for it.<br />  The acting is good, and having no previous exposure to Tom Cruise I was able to be satisfied with his performance and not have any unpleasant memories from his past films. Ken Watanabe is very good as Katsumoto, and Hiroyuki Koyuki is wonderful as Katsumoto's sister.<br />  But perhaps the best of all are the values in Last Samurai. Honor, devotion to duty, discipline, and courage to do what you believe is right in the face of danger are all lauded here. I don't think Western culture is being universally blasted here, but I do think the film makers are trying to say that technology is not all that matters; but that values and morals should be honored and practiced. Hollywood does not recognize that Jesus Christ is the only answer to life's questions and that He is the reason that all these morals are held in such high esteem, but they are at least doing something better than their ordinary fare.<br />  Definitely recommended!
This is the best damn tom cruise ever.I forgot that was tom and believed he was capt.nathan algren.this movie is a masterpiece.forget that review above and watch this instant classic.
This movie shuffled along the line between action movie and epic story, and it kept a somewhat uneasy balance between those two styles.  It was beautifully, if obviously, shot, capturing both majestic landscapes and gorgeous detail, and the acting, for the most part, was very good.  Ken Watanabe deserves all the praise he has received for the role, and Koyuki performed very subtly and ably as the quasi-love interest. It also contained the requisite battle scenes, which I found to be effective in communicating the brutality and violence without being overly graphic and disgusting.  The scenes with the young emperor were perhaps the most moving of the entire film, and there was enough attention paid to the individual lives contained in the story without forgetting the big picture, so to speak.  <p>It should have been a better movie... and I'm afraid that my disappointment in it lies mostly with the lead actor.  I don't like Tom Cruise... I don't find him attractive, and I don't think he's a good actor, and that definitely colored the movie for me.  The fact that Tom Cruise was supposed to be the person that carried the movie... well... I guess you can't argue with the box office.  Regardless, a lot of the lines he spoke or the story he represented seemed rather clich&eacute;d, overdone, or plain anachronistic with the world around him.  <p>As for the moral of the movie... that heritage and national identity should not be forgotten (and should especially not be exterminated) on the way to modernity... It managed to ring hollow while coming across too heavy handed.  However, considering the genre, it was a somewhat complex moral, as far as morals go.  It wasn't a bad movie, but I wasn't swept away either.  I give it about a 5 out of 10.
Insomuch as the movie was not designed to be a historical account of what happened during this period in Japan, rather an interesting, beautiful work of fiction in the form of a movie, I liked it.<p>&quot;Dances With Wolves&quot; in Japan?  Definately.<br />Amazing film making?  Umm, yeah, okay.<br />Terrific scenery and costumes?  Oooooh yeaaaaaah.<p>I'm *not* a Tom Cruise fan, but I *did* like this movie.
basically a rip off of "dances with wolves," but done poorly.  very empty when portraying japanese history and culture especially since this issue should have been central and not taken a backseat to tom cruise weilding a sword.  <p>on a plus side, its well shot and good visuals.  watanabe steals the show, but even he is not enough to save this shallow movie.  typical blockbuster movie with no depth. <p>if you are in the mood for an "independence day type blockbuster action movie" see this.  otherwise, dont waste the time.
This is my favorite non-trilogy movie (RotK is actually my truly favorite), and while I respect anyone who loves this movie and gives it 5 stars, I must say that none of these reviews gives this movie any justice!  They tell you the basic story...an alcoholic Civil War guy...enemy...samurai!  While that is the story...there's a lot more to it than that!  What captivated me and all my friends (17 - 21 years old) was the Samurai...and, all the emotions of the story...an American kills the Red Samurai...who is the Samurai Captains Brother-in-law...he lives in the house and is cared for by the Red Samurai's widow...  Tom Cruise sees the beauty of the Samurai people and understands the honor and respect and culture and discipline of these people and realizes they are not the enemy!  He learns a lot from these people and earns their respect in many ways!  The widow...who knows Cruise killed her husband...offers the Red armor for Cruise to fight with Samurai against the Army Cruise was sent to train!  Beautiful movie in every way!  It is no way slow at any point!  When someone says this movie is "slow", it simply means they do not feel the emotion of silence and music and the visuals they see!  The battles are a very small part in the greatness of this movie!  But, the end of the last battle will have you reaching for a hanky!  The Samurai are a beautiful people!  Also recommended are Samurai books and old classic Japanese Samurai movies!  ...unless you think it'll be...slow!
I just finished watching this movie and loved it!!!!! just as much as the first time i saw it. In memory of this movie i bought a set of samurai swords because i loved it so much
This is a Great Movie And i love it.The price for it is cheap so it is a Must Buy!!
I don't care if he's a little socially quirky (really what actor isn't).  I just loved this movie!  So subtly moving, and the cast was to die for!  Tom cruise is a great actor, love practically all his movies.  This movie was done exceptionally well, well done!
THIS IS A PRETTY GOOD EXAM OF THE OLD MEETS THE NEW AND EAST MEETS WEST.  ALSO A GOOD EXAM OF THE MAIN CHARAXCTER DEALING WITH HIS OWN PROBLEMS.
I liked it. The ending wasn't bad. A lot more of the movie was spoken in English than I was expecting. The swordfights are really realistic and graphic. It's something that Jackie Chan wouldn't have even been able to handle. There was a fairly decent number of parallels with Dances with Wolves.
I can't stand Tom Cruise, but he sure was a hottie in this film. It's amazing what long hair on a guy and losing the whole Scientology thing can do for a person....<br /><br />Anway, 1) I agreed with the whole sad Native American slaughter tragedy-the fact that it was horrible and I can't believe people actually did that. 2) Loved the scenery in Japan 3) Still don't/can't relate to the whole Japanese obsession with " honor" that is actually pride (Doesn't the Bible say that pride goeth before a fall)????<br /><br />This movie was worth watching, but I wouldn't watch it again as it was way too sad. I can appreciate all the effort that went in to making this film
Forget LOTR. You want an epic that actually delivers, this is it. Best use of ninjas in a serious film ever. Great perfomances by both Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe. Ken was robbed at the oscars, heck this whole film was. It should have had several more nominations and taken best picture too. Don'ty miss this one.
You can read 175+ reviews about what the movie's plot is and what each character did, and about the bloodracing battle scenes. That's cool. In general, the movie is very manipulative emotionally and tangles you up immediately in the plot and especially the character played Tom Cruise. Another big point is that the cinematography and the just plain beauty of the mountains is captured with extraordinary talent and adds much to the ability of the movie to involve us. So go read the other reviews for this kind of information.<p>I'm interested in the mythos, the usage of stories to build structures of ideas, to support and extent values, in general the use of movies like this to teach moral legends. It is the storytellers art, the Homeric epics that once were passed down around campfires by old men to their grandchildren. Whispers in the dark about the giants of reknown, the heroes of the golden ages, the fighters like the battle of Thermopylae (a tale told in the movie) whose courage saved a nation. But what makes this not history but holy history, not even historical fiction but just mythos is the gap between the truth of what really was history and the storytellers art. In our age, we simply won't even believe it plausible if it doesn't proport to be history, it must be clothed in the rags of historical illusion, no matter about the bones of truth or flesh of reality. All that matters is that the clothing is authentic, the characters are believable to the masses of us who didn't get much out of 8th grade world history, let alone a college history of Japan class. Mythos must appear as logos (thanks to Karen Armstrong for the images), but appearances are all that truely matters. The storytellers art takes over immediately and operates from the beginning to weave a tale, to build a moralizing story that thrills us and challenges us to absorb the morality and those values presented in the movie.<p>The major value is honor, the battle of the underdog against overwhelming odds, the fight of old tradition and new technology. The samurai are presented as warrior Buddhist monks, ascetic and pure of heart, challenging their faults and getting better every day due to this passion for excellence and practice, practice, practice. And Tom Cruise's character is a samurai born out of place, a real warrior's heart, dismayed and beaten down by the brutal Army murders of native American women and children. Full of nightmares and sweats out the DT's, and falls in love with his real people, the mountain volk, where he learns Japanese in a winter, plus has a satori experience with sword fighting, all the time keeping a journal complete with sketches.<p>Well, maybe i am a little cynical, skeptical at being manipulating in such a blatant way, cautious at the prospect at going to a movie for entertainment and getting a moralizing message in such a direction and almost hamfisted way. I ask what is the object of the samurai's honor? Towards the emperor? only outwardly. Towards traditional family values? not with all the bloodshed and teaching boys to kill young. Towards life? not with the suicide impulse just below the surface. It appears to be honor for honor's sake, value without a fundamental object, without a big point, but honor simply as a survival value on the battlefield. To have honor motivates, inspires, swings the sword harder and longer, kills without compassion, it the basic utilitarian value of the warrior class. That is what the movie is about, the flowers and poetry, the buddhist chanting and zen archery are pieces tacked on to balance out the blood and glore of the battlescenes. For these humane values are not the ones which motivate the characters, but rather the glory of battle, not the fighting-for-the-guy-next-to-you that is so common in war movies, but the glory for oneself. The bloody sword at the end of the day dripping with the red life of your enemies. And it really doesn't matter who your enemies are: the American south, the cheyenne, the sioux, or the japos, or your ex-commanding officer, or..... It doesn't matter for all is but a stage to demonstrate and display your prowess as a hero, your stamina as a fighter, your perseverance as an honorable man. this is what i object to, value without purpose, utility without direction, heroes without Gods.<p>It is a gorgous movie, enough battlescenes for the most jaded martial arts afficiado, a little added metaphysics for those of us who like such things in our movies, but most of all a not-at-all subtile honor is valuable for its own sake take home message. I'd just be cautious of swallowing the point without thinking about the greater issues.
This movie is NOT the sequel to Dances with Wolves! It's just the same movie except that instead of indians these are samurais!!<br /><br />Of course, this movie have MORE ACTION than Dances with Wolves, more warfare, more cool fights and more blood!!! I could say that Last Samurai is better than Dances but ONLY because of the action, the story is a little predictable but still interesting.<br /><br />P.S: If you have seen Dances with Wolves then you obviouslly note the differences between this one and Dances, but basically they are the same.<br /><br />Adios.
Even with all the negative attention Cruise has been garnering lately it's hard to see why people wouldn't see this film. The movie is romantic and fanciful. It is somewhat ridiculous and over the top but also elegant. The fighting scenes are dead on and actually quite beautiful. By far though the star of this movie is Ken Watanabe. If for no other reason you should see this movie just because Billy Connolly is in it.
This movie is excellent in conveying a different and needed perspective about Japan at this period of history.  Much can be learned. Unfortunately, I am reading reviews from people that wanted a typical Tom Cruise action movie.  They were expecting a formula based on action, clever plot twists, and more action.  This does not require an effort to understand the beauty of another culture.  One reviewer complains that the Japanese actors were just being Japanese, and therefore not acting. After so many slice and dice 'em samurai movies, this one is a slice way above the rest.  Ken Watanabe starts the movie in deep meditation and having a vision.  His strong centeredness from meditation is carried through the entire film.  He did not get shaken by even the most insulting behavior from Cruise as Captain Algren.  This chemistry was special throughout the film.  This is a formula that includes real story telling, action, a demand to stretch your understanding, and more action.  Therefore, the reviews cite the action as good and the rest as bad.  I respect Tom Cruise a lot more now after seeing this movie, and knowing it became a personal project.  It does remind me of Kevin Costner and "Dances with Wolves."  I am sorry to see a less culturally open minded audience in 2004, outside of the Japanese American communities.
As some people would rightly put this great, beautiful film as "Dances with Wolves" of the East, the two people here who are being (or almost being) conquered by the Americans, as a representative of the Western "civilisation", have a lot in common.<br />Not only the upheaval and tragic situations they had in those period, but I have found those two people's spiritual beliefs very similar to each other.<br />Maybe that is because they both are kind of animists who believe that every things on Earth has spirit----trees, mountains, rivers, seas, rocks, etc.... Not to mention human beings and other creatures. The humans are only a part of the nature. So, like a weed grows and dies, we all are born and die. Simple. <p>Like the American Indians say; "It is a good day to die today.", famous book of Bushido, the Samurai code, "Hagakure" says; "The ultimate Bushido is found in the way you die."<br />Here, as well as profoundly understanding the meanings of life and death, accepting one's own life as it is is a crucial point to get through. Because you have your own purpose of life as you are born to the circumstances you were given.<br />And it applies to everybody, not only to the Samurais.<br />For what were you born? For what are you going to die?<br />If you know the answer, you are ready to die in the honourable and graceful way it should be.<br />It is not that only the deaths of Samurais in action or by Harakiri taking responsibility are honourable/graceful. Everyone who has completed his/her duty of his/her life can die in honour and grace.<p>It doesn't mean that Samurais were crazy, trigger-happy suicidal/homicidal maniacs, though. I have to make sure here that nobody misunderstands what I am saying because sometimes some people seem to think that the Kamikaze attacks in the world war 2 were the acts of that kind of insanity. I can tell you how wrong their thoughts are. If you see this film and take it correctly, you should understand that as well.<br /><br />It is a matter of readiness. Your readiness to die makes your life meaningful. Meaningful life makes your soul shine.<br />That is every human being's purpose to be born to this world.<br />Concuerors can destroy your home and kill you, but no one can break your spirit if you are ready to die.<br />What Algren underwent in his battle fields in both America and Japan against and with those "savages" made him know that. <p>After a hundred years' struggle against the powers of the Western civilisation, Japan seemed to have narrowly escaped from being colonised and subhumanised only because Japan had a large population that were ready to die for the survival of their country and their people putting themselves together tightly under the name of the Emperor. But, did she, really?<br />"The Last Samurai" made me think about where I came from and who I am. Maybe I and other modern day Japanese, who became conveniently Westernised and forgot about our spiritual roots should just stop and rethink of the meaning of life.
First you must understand I am a huge Tom Cruise fan therefore my review may come off bias, but this is truly a great movie believe me or not! If you are a fan of epic movies (Braveheart,Gladiator, etc) then The Last Samurai is your film, and if you are a fan of the epic genre and Tom Cruise the world can get no better! This film has it all great cast, passionate and exciting storyline, and beautiful cinematography to top it off. I recommend this film to anyone and everyone, enjoy!!!
Tom Cruise as a Samurai warrior?--my curiosity got the better of me! Be prepared to suspend all disbelief for<br /><br />2 1/2 hours for this film. Drunken, guilt-ridden, Indian War veteran is hired by Japanese government to stamp out  rebellion, gets captured, dries out, and over the course of a few months becomes a disciplined, fierce, Zen-like Samurai warrior. In his spare time he becomes fluent in Japanese. He switches sides, becomes a master tactician, kills countless Japanese soldiers and a few Americans along the way, and lives to tell the tale.<br /><br />The scenery was nice, the Japanese actors terrific, and thankfully the incipient love affair wasn't allowed to blossom on screen, which would have violated every norm of Japanese culture of the time. Maybe I'm taking it too seriously, but the notion that a Westerner could enter this proud, ancient culture with such relative ease seemed almost disrespectful to me. Several reviewers had trouble "getting" the idea of honor portrayed in the movie--that's just a measure of how totally impossible the plot is. No Westerner could ever do what Cruise does in this movie. Strictly for fun--don't expect anything remotely realistic.
I'm a big fan a Japanese period movies.  In all those films, whether they are "high" art like Kurosawa's "The Seven Samurai" and "Ran", or "low" art like "Lone Wolf and Cub" or "Zatoichi", one of the prevailing themes is the inherent hypocrisy and injustice embedded in the feudal society of old Japan.  How the characters manage to get by in this oppressive society is almost always a source, if not the primary source, of the drama in the story line.  Japanese filmakers know this.  They know that ancient Japan, while admirable in many respects, was not a eutopia by any stretch of the imagination.  Women were property.  Peasants were considered sub-human.  If you were born into a certain class you remained in that class until you died.<br /><br />In "The Last Samurai", all these realities are ignored, if not downplayed.  Here the Samurai are portrayed as nothing but completely noble and honorable, innocent victims who merely want to preserve their perfect society.  The Japanese who want to bring Japan into the modern world are all portrayed as corrupt and self-serving, who have no respect for their own cultural heritage.<br /><br />This is the typical hollywood movie; dumbed down for consumption by an audience that that the filmakers assume is too dumb to understand nuance.<br /><br />If you want to learn something about Japan and be entertained at the same time, I would recommend the "Shogun" mini-series, which gives a much more balanced view, or check out some of the films I mentioned in the first paragraph.
Tom Cruise appears in yet another film where he rises to the occassion at just the right time, as he has done in many of his previous films, dating back to Top Gun.  It a repetitive, tiresome theme that would have me looking for another role if I were him.  Don't get me wrong; I like some of his work (Far and Away is one of his best works to date).<br /><br />As for this film, the cinematography and supporting actor roles are it's primary attraction.  It's apparent a lot of research was done to pull off this period piece.  The settings and costumes are beautiful.  Watanabe plays superbly as the Samurai warrior Katsumoto.  He is the real star of this movie.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the plot is entirely predictable.  Cruise is an alcoholic fromer Union Captain named Nathan Algren.  He is sent to Japan to train the new Japanese Imperial Army to fight off the diminishing Samurai warriors.  He leads his Army into battle against the Samurai and is soundly beaten.  Katsumoto spares Algren's life and brings him back to health (queue the music).  Algren learns the way of the Samurai warrior and earns the respect of his Samurai brethren.  Eventually he has to face the very Japanese Army he helped train, this time fighting on the side of the Samurai.<br /><br />This is where it goes from unlikely to absurd.  Cruise and hundreds of remaining Samurai face off with the Imperial Army in a showdown copied several times over since Mel Gibson's Braveheart.  Samurai drop like flies as they charge the inexperienced but better equipped Imperial Army soldiers.  As it turns out (no surprise here), Watanabe and Cruise are the last survivors of the battle.  Though severely wounded by gunfire,  Katsumoto squeezes his abdomen tightly to allow a few more pints of blood to nourish his brain while he performs his farewell speech to Cruise.  He dies and leaves Cruise as.....you guessed it!  The Last Samurai.  I heard that Japanese movie audiences were passing out at the very sight.<br /><br />On a side note, it's rumored that Nathan Algren returned to America and travelled together with Kung Fu through the desert southwest, metting out some pain to those who crossed them.  Unfortunately, Algren returned to the bottle, and in a drunken rage one friday nite, eviscerated Kung Fu at a bar in Tucumcari.  Ironically, Algren died shortly thereafter while drinking numerous Grasshoppers.  He lies in an unmarked grave just outside of Ft. Sumner, New Mexico.
If you took Tom Cruise and Ken Watanabe out of this storyline, it's really nothing but a Steven Seagal/ Chuck Norris movie.  (The Last Samurai is also a reiteration of Harrison Ford's Witness, minus the charm.)  Invincible American white man goes to Asian country, learns their tradition to perfection in a mere two seasons, and becomes one of their leaders to lead them into war, and survives the battlefield while every Japanese samurai gets annihilated, ending in a scene where EVERY Japanese soldier kneels and bows to the great white god on the battlefield.  When you tell a story where the protagonist has ALL the good cards all the time, it makes you question whether the movie has a message, or is just another advancing notch in  cultural imperialism, creating a storyline where natural selection enables the superior party to continue into the next  generation.  I know entertainment should be treated as entertainment and not historical fact or social theory, but when you have highly questionable circumstances, then it throws the other, more important aspects of the movie into question.<br /><br />Now I understand that this movie is literally a rice queen's dream come true.  I mean, there are very few places in this world where you can kill a man, say "I'm sorry" to the hot widow, and end up hopping in the sack with her.  All this while the dead man's surviving children adore and dote over you, the man who killed their father.  Once we question the realism of a man being able to master a form of martial arts in a few months, we begin to question the success rate of whether we, can indeed go around killing men if we want to sleep with their wives.  And if we can't buy into THAT fantasy, well then what the heck is the point of watching the movie!?<br /><br />The photography was good and the acting wasn't bad.  At one point I wished dearly that the sentimental soundtrack would halt.  War is a horrific act of mankind.  I think this movie went to lengths to capture the reality and horror of war combined with man against machine, and it came stunningly close.  In independent foreign films, war scenes have often been depicted without any lush orchestration.  I think that, is a responsible decision.  I could not help envisioning the battlefield climax without the soundtrack.  Just the hard reality of men's groans, horses neighing, and screams of terror in the stark afternoon air would deliver the message tenfold.  I felt insulted that music needed to be enlisted to "help" me feel that way about something so horrific.<br /><br />Koyuki plays Taka, the widow, who is curiously mute throughout the movie.  It's the stereotypical form of submissiveness that the West is comfortable with when it comes to Asian women.  Cruise's lack of facial expressiveness is hidden by facial hair, so that helped.<br /><br />All in all, I thought it had great potential.  I gave it an extra star because it came close to capturing how horrific war is, especially when one side is over-armed, and the other has, only honor.
Great transaction, product in excellent condition as promoted, prompt shipping and extra care taken with bubble wrap inside a padded envelope!  This seller is concerned that you receive product in same condition it was sent!!!  No USPO mail-mashing!
La version de esta pelicula en bluray es excelente, los colores son mas vividos y el sonido es totalmente superior, es una de mis peliculas favoritas de tom cruise
One aspect I really like in this movie is it's portrayal of PTSD in Cruise's character. I recommend it to family members of returning war veterans.
Great performance of Tom cruise...I am not a big fan of him but I just love this movie.
When I saw it the first time, I said, I must have that one! By this time I've seen it at least 20 times!!!
i've seen this movie in a total of what, 100 times or somethin'. it's absolutely amazing. tom cruise was awesome. it even got me to shed a few tears when katzumoto's son died. if u haven't seen this yet, ur missin out.
In short, great film to say the least and the music (Hans Zimmer) is excellent and blends perfectly with the movie.
Tom Cruise stars in this wildly entertaining prequel to Nick Castle's THE LAST STARFIGHTER.  Miss this and you'll be searching for a sword to fall on.
Until the ending (which a previous reviewer correctly described as &quot;maudlin&quot;), Edward Zwick's THE LAST SAMURAI is a magnificent samurai epic, filled with great big emotions but also blessed with more thoughtfulness and intimacy than the usual Hollywood epic. The insights into Japan during this particular time setting---the late 1800s, when the samurai way of life was slowly fading away and Westernization was taking over---are sure to fascinate, and the action scenes are first-rate, as is the widescreen cinematography here by John Toll. <p>Ken Watanabe got justly deserved plaudits for his authoritative supporting turn here as samurai leader Katsumoto---he really takes the screen by force. A lot of critics, for some reason, weren't so complementary to Tom Cruise, as the American Nathan Algren, here. Perhaps they thought his pretty-boy image got in the way of either the epic's grand ambition or the effectiveness of his own performance. Whatever the reason, I personally didn't have such problems with Cruise in this movie---he seemed convincing enough here, although he certainly is upstaged by the sheer authority of Watanabe's performance.<p>In short, THE LAST SAMURAI is overall a grand and glorious epic that admirably attempts to be more than just pretty pictures and awesome action scenes, and, more often than not, it succeeds in its noble ambitions. If the ending does come off as too preachy or over-sentimental in the usual Hollywood manner---well, I find it a forgivable lapse, indicative of the filmmakers' desire to function as both thoughtful historical commentary and great entertainment at the same time. I don't think many people will be bored by this movie (like many many people seem to be with LOST IN TRANSLATION). Recommended.
They're Eastern costumes, mostly, but still costume drama. The situation, the final wresting of power from the last of the feudal lords, is historically true. The movie's story, however, involving the American gone native, is synthetic.<p>It's a good movie. It addresses the Japanese culture with knowledge and respect. It brings to life one of the defining moments of Japanese history, possibly the one moment that marks the start of modern era. The costuming and architecture are beautiful. It presents the bushido, the samurai ethic, as an all-consuming force in the lives of the samurai themselves but also in their families.<p>Still, I have reservations about semi-historical movies. Takamori's final battle is an historical event, and this presentation of it is fiction. Lord knows that Americans need more exposure to world history and that this flick is an enticing way to present it. Still, the movie blurs the line between fact and fiction, between entertainment and events as documented. As much as I like the movie, I don't think that it serves history very well.
A lot of reviewers wax philosophical as they describe their reasons for disliking the movie -- not historically accurate, an offense to the Japanese, an offense to Western culture. I'm pretty well read with friends of all ethnic origins, and I enjoyed this movie thoroughly. <p>It's a simple story about a man's struggle to belong and regain his honor through helping others. Tom Cruise did his usual good-quality job, and the rest of the cast was outstanding. The real star of the movie is the allure of a simple life.
Drunken, war-weary Cruise accepts a mission to train Japanese soldiers but finds the old way more suited to his personal sense of honor. Filled with thrilling battle scenes, fabulous cinematography, and the rich culture of ancient Japan, "Last Samurai" delivers on every level. Cruise's background and personal torment are glossed over a bit - this could have been explored more, and his romance with the widow of the warrior he defeats in battle is left unresolved, but this is a great adventure story. Highly recommend!
Imagine you are a woman living in the United States, and a foreign fighter (Pick any of the convenient enemies - The Soviets, Al Qaida, The French, etc) invades your town, killing your husband and trying to destroy your very way of life.<br /><br />Imagine again, that within 6 months, he has learned everything there is to know about being an American, and has embraced the American culture and now becomes a leader in the fight against his own countrymen. So dedicated is he to his new "family", that he even goes into battle wearing your dead husband's uniform.  Did I mention that you have fallen madly in love with him?<br /><br />If this sounds too far-fetched to be true, imagine the same story, only you are Japanese, a race and culture renowned for excluding outsiders and foreigners, as well as a culture that is almost impenetrable in its subtlety.<br /><br />Unbelieveable, isn't it? Apparently, not if you're Tom Cruise.
"Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure" March 4, 2004<br />"Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure", is a simple way to describe this movie. I was very excited to hear this movie was coming out. I not only admire Edward Zwick's other movies but I am a Tom Cruise fan as well. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the movie, Tom Cruise was fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful but the film is almost completely "factless". America did open up trade with Japan but French and German officers trained the Japanese imperial army, They at the time had the best Foot soldiers. Also the young Emperor of Japan was not torn between the new and old ways, He instead was the driving force behind modernizing Japan as fast as it did, he saw the Samurai as one of the main reasons Japan had fallen so far behind. The Samurai that rebelled against the Emperor were considered "RONIN" meaning Samurai with no master, and sense Samurai means "To serve" they were despised by the Samurai that served the Emperor and were perceived as Dishonorable. The rebel Samurai also had full divisions that used Firearms, it was not the Bows vs. Rifles you see in the movie. And most importantly it was not the Honorable Samurai protecting the Peasant people from the heartless new way of the Evil imperial Japanese Government, quit the opposite is true. Japan had been divided for more then a century, the clans had known nothing but war. When the Shogun took power the Emperor was nothing more then a symbol and was never allowed to leave his Palace. The Shogun had the real power and the whole time it was most of Japan, the peasants and working class that suffered under the Samurai, They were Honorable warriors but only to other Samurai, ordinary Japanese were considered Less then Men and could be killed at the whims of the Samurai. It was the modernization of Japan that threatened the rule of the Samurai with the Shogun being forced to step down in 1867 and put the power back in the hands of the Emperor as well as the working class of Japan. Most Samurai saw this and surrendered the old way to the new seeing that The Samurai were obsolete, but the few that rebelled were motivated by Power, status and wealth that they were losing and not for the People of Japan like the film so badly suggests. This is a fun film if you watch it as a fantasy adventure with no basis in history. I give it a low rating because even thought both Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick admit that this is not what really happened but wanted to capture the spirit of the Samurai in a fiction film, I feel this is irresponsible and that this film dishonors The real history of Japan. I would like to add that the Chinese feel Honoring the Samurai and Japanese values is like Honoring Nazis and their way of life and I don't blame them for feeling that way considering there History.
Reading this may ruin your viewing of the movie, Last Samurai, by forwarning you of what it is about. <p>The latest Tom Cruise movie, The Last Samurai is a terrific movie-- portraying the role of big business in pushing for and aiding in the elimination of a native culture that was not supportive of trade and commerce, in this case, in Japan. And of course the US was there to provide and sell weapons and military training to kill the simple, less technological natives.<br />Cruise plays a tortured yet heroic character, asurvivor of the Civil War and Indian wars who stands up to the commercial, US and japanese forces who are attempting to wipe out the last of the Samurais. He stands up to these powers because it is the right thing, the noble thing to do. <p>Why don't we see American warriors standing up. It is almost impossible for men and women GIs in Iraq to speak out. But where are the veterans who can see that the Iraq quagmire has been a bumbling fraud, built on lies and stupid unpreparedness. Where are the brave men and women who fought in Iraq in 1991 to free Kuwait, who should clearly see what a horrific travesty the Bush administration machinations have been. <p>The movie was one of the best of the year, with Oscar caliber acting, script, set, and costumes, in a season with a plethora of disappointing films. I left with a glow in my heart and feeling both inspired and disgusted-- inspired by the heroic actions Tom Cruise portrays, disgusted by the way the US government has had a history of helping in the wiping out of indigenous noble cultures.  I write this as a liberal who publishes a liberal news and opinion website op ed news dot com. I'm curious how conservatives viewed this flick.
There aren't that many movies set in late 19th century Japan, so top marks to director Edward Zwick for originality of setting. There, however, the originality ends.<br /><br />The Last Samurai borrows very heavily from A Man Called Horse (with a hefty dash of Dances With Wolves, Soldier Blue and Braveheart).<br /><br />Tom Cruise gives us a pretty damn good depiction of the tortured, alcoholic civil war veteran Nathan Algren, exorcising the demons of wartime atrocities by going to Japan to ply his trade, but, once the initial battle is complete and he is taken prisoner by Katsumoto's (Watanabe) luddite army, the constraints of a very limited and predictable storyline become apparent.<br /><br />It is no surprise that Cruise falls for the widow who tends him, nor that he (in remarbly short time) learns to speak Japanese and fight in the manner of the Samurai.<br /><br />The battle sequences are undeniably spectacular, and the sets, costumes and audio are always first rate. I very much enjoyed Timothy Spall's support role, and Watanabe was convincingly stoic. No surprises though. No sense of wonder. No sense of danger.<br /><br />You could certainly do a lot worse than to immerse yourself in this beautiful but undemanding epic for a couple of hours - but don't expect too much.
A beautiful movie following the same template in "Dances with Wolves". Certainly it is a bit unbelievable since one winter would not be sufficient for serious wounds of the hero to heal and for him to learn the life time practices of the warrior class, let alone become one of the best of them. But since when does realism enter into this art form? There is a nice touch in the love triangle between our hero and the wife of his fallen enemy -- and that enemy who "haunts" him -- but that he comes to honor. What an interesting feature that adds marvelously to this template. What is the moral narrative of this story? Industry bad, nature good? Those who follow ancient practices good, modern science bad? But modern weapons win and the honor of fighting is lost.<br /><br />This is a beautiful movie and provokes thinking.
I went to a "sneak preview" tonight and came away a bit underwhelmed.  It's not the worst movie I've ever sat through; I found myself checking my watch only a few times wondering how much more I had to sit through.  A few interesting characters (I liked Ken Watanabe), but nothing really original.  Cliche upon cliche.  A yawner mostly, but it will entertain people who have not seen any other movies.  <p>For me personally, the most remarkable thing about the movie is how fake the sets and special effects looked.  Sailing into Yokohama harbor looks ridiculous.  A street scene at night in Tokyo (where Tom Cruise is surrounded by swordsmen) looked entirely like it had been filmed afterhours at Universal Studios in Orlando.  Many of the entirely predictable battle scenes look like they are just hundreds of actors outdoors pretending to kill each other.  It will be interesting to study these scenes in freeze frame on DVD to see what everybody was doing.
There are probably two ways of looking at this film. Is this just another hoary entertainment depicting a one-man crusade of a disgruntled loner? Or is this a historical epic that throws some light on a hidden apsect of the U.S-Japanese relations? My view veers toward the former as all I was left with after having see the film is this feeling: Haven't I seen this before? In a word, what's the difference between Dance With Wolves and this one? Seen as a historical epic, this is positively bad. How those fully armoured warriors could exist in the mid nineteenth century Japan is anyone's guess, not to mention the Ninjya. Isn't this familiar? There was something of a vogue for things Japanese in the 80s when Miyamoto Musashi's Book of Five Rings was a big hit. Well, there were a bunch of Japan bashers too, given the economic imbalance that existed between the two countries back then. Things probably look a bit different now as Japan is positively seen as a U.S. ally or a partner in crime, depending on how you look at it, as the U.S. vows to dust all "bad" regimes off the face of the planet. That the film recieved rave reviews from conservative right-wing media and its cohorts in Japan is somewhat indicative of what's really happening here, betraying the film's psuedo-cosmopolitan outlook.
I dunno, i kinda though the acting was weak and the script was nothing new.  They really made up a lot of history for this one.  I couldnt help but think Americans would be offended if they made a movie about the revolution and put some Japanese guy in it as the hero.  I guess the music was pretty good, and it had some gread scenery, but i wouldn't watch it twice.
A very promessing film, The Last Samurai talks about something that is sacred to many of us: Honor. The willingness to live in accordance with a code honor in all aspects of life. This is shurelly depicted in the conflict beetwen two very different universes and ages. Tom Cruise's character is ecxactly like this. His niilism and desilusion with the west is replaced by respect and ultimatly union,when he fights the samurai for the first time. Being captured by the enemy he actually finds his peers. All of these men and women become his brothers and sisters living under one of thinking that is juste like his. Looking at the trailer i can garantee a superb blockbuster i tell this.
This film is an absolute load of steamer.  I died laughing watching it at the theater, and then again when i saw it on dvd. Tom Cruise, arguably the most over-rated actor in the past 50 years, would have been waxed in the scene where he is taken hostage to start with.  the very ethic the movie takes such pains to over-illustrate would have had it no other way. the japanese guys did a decent job, but i couldn't help but think they were just there to cash hollywood checks.  It is rather like when American actors come to Japan to do a friggin car commercial.  There is no critical fallout, so why bother?  Why indeed.
So I expected this movie to show us what japanese life is like, and I was really excited.  I am a huge samurai film fan, I don't like the super crazy ones, but am more of a kurasowa guy.<br /><br />But the biggest problem with this movie is AT LEAST 75% of the movie running time, it is showing tom cruise and then it cuts away to the next scene and theres tom cruise, then they hsho you a different angle of the shot, oh that's cool, now I have a better angle of tom cruise.  It was sickening.  It's not like he failed in this role, but they certainly should have focused on smoething else.  Another big problem for me was the emporer.  I think they found the person they liked as far as looks go, but this kid has no acting ability whatsoever.  They should have put in like a jet li, and he would have been better even not being in an action role.  And sorry for using jet as an example, but I can't think of a japanese equivilent.<br /><br />So the ending was nothing spectacular, but better than most scenes because they actually show other people besides tom, and i just don't like movies when the only time they focus on the side characters is when they die.<br /><br />This seemed like a mix of a japanese movie, american, and a mainland china prodution.  It even had a hint of the UK in it, but doesn't excel in any of these countries filmmaking areas whatsoever.<br /><br />So with a tad more action and some a better final scene, and an overhaul done to the story to showcase at least one other person besides tommy boy.<br /><br />It does have a couple of good action scenes and the production value is very high, just don't expect to see a real samurai movie.
This movie can hold your attention, but historically it is somewhat inaccurate.  I also have a number of problems with the plot.  How does a non-samurai learn to be such a great swordsman in only a few short months when others spend the lives dedicated to this art and cannot even match his prowess?  Why is Cruise's character spared at the end?  If he has become a samurai, he would have been killed.  He is also a Gaijin, a foreign barbarian, and should be killed for this.  Oh, I forgot he is Maverick, not Goose.
i have last samurai HD DVD and BLU-ray..the HD has a poor sound but the BLU-ray has a great sound...the picture quality is the same for Blu-ray and HD DVD and there`s no much diffrent from regular DVD
Not right for the academy. It's not bad I here they shot it with digital. I'm not sure how I feel about that. Bette luck next time Tom
Absolutely beautiful.<br /><br />I have not enjoyed the few movies Cruise had done just prior to this movie (from Eyes Wide Shut on, they were pretty gross, disturbing, or just awful...and I'm a total Cruise fan).  So, hearing that he was going to be in a movie like this, I groaned and thought, "Damn.  I wish he'd done this movie five years ago.  He'll probably ruin it now."  But hey, I'm a total Japanese culture lover, so I figured I'd watch it anyway.<br /><br />I thought I was disappointed with the movie when it began, because they set up the plot very slowly, and lay out a large amount of information that seems irrelevant.  But, like the quiet slice of sword through air, the pieces began to come together, and I found myself enraptured with the film.<br /><br />Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto)'s presence on the screen is breathtaking, as were his family and friends.  Taka, the heroine, was beautiful in her silence, and the scene with her and Tom at the end was...well, unforgettable.  Omura is excellent and, like the rest of those mentioned here, enfuses so much emotion in one gesture or expression.  Nobutada (the archer) was, I believe, my favorite character outside of Watanabe.  His final scene had me sobbing.  But I think most impressive is the way that Tom Cruise doesn't dominate this film.  It's almost as if he, like his character, is enraptured and humbled by these people, and he's purposefully pulling himself in, so that THEY shine on screen.<br /><br />Overall, an absolutely spectacular film.  It's perhaps a bit too intelligent for some, a bit too poignant for others.  It is, however, a film that I hope will inspire others.  Its lessons are vast.<br /><br />I only wish there were a prequel, so that I could see Katsumoto, Taka, Nobutada, and Omura more, and in all their glory.
The Last Samurai is a movie of great action that ends in sadness.  Almost everyone you care about gets killed.  <p>Samurai were feudal lords who occasionally battled the Emperors and those that controlled the emperor.  The fight scenes and the cinematography are at times awesome.  Cruise is very creditable in his role as a disillusioned X-army Captain who had been with the seventh cavalry, presumably with Reno's force after Custer divided his force into three groups, hence he survived.  Cruise goes to Japan to teach the Emperors army how to use modern western weapons, gets captured and ends up sympathetic to his captures cause.  Patty Hurst Syndrome?<p>It is a little bit like the Last of the Mohicans or the Thirteenth Warrior.  The viewer is left with a an empty feeling and of course the bad guys are the Americans.<p>Once one gets past the politics of the makers of the movie and the inaccurate historical presentation it's a pretty good movie for those old enough for an R rating.  This is not a sword fight movie to watch with ones 10 year old.  Heads fly, blood spurts and at times the story bogs down into the maudlin and smarmy.  <p>There is probably a 5 star movie inside this otherwise 3 star movie, if they'd let me edit it down to 90 or 100 minutes, removing the moderate use of cursing, the really boring moments that contribute little to the story line, blood spurting and the beheadings.  For a better sword action movie with sharp editing and a great screen play, check out Antonio Banderas in the Thirteenth Warrior.  13th is still not a movie for your 10 year old, but that is more because it creates a scariness and feeling of dread about what the Warriors are up against.
Besides the emense amounts of gore *do to violent war scenes* it has beautiful scenery and wonderful messages of love. At first i though that this movie would be a waste of money, but i was very wrong. Even though i hate extreme violence this movie was an exception.
Reviewing the historical accuracy of Hollywood films is probably futile. What the heck, I do it anyway..<p>1) Americans had nothing to do with training the Japanese military during the period covered by this film. At the time (1876), America was not the place you would have gone looking for professional soldiers. The training came from Europe.<br />2) By the Meji period (1868-1912), the Samurai had become an idle aristocracy who could no longer be described as warriors. Getting rid of them was probably the best thing that ever happened to Japanese democracy.<p>That said, the film is beautifully photographed, and had some nice battle scenes. People get down on Tom Cruise for his limited acting range, but he does a good job here. The supporting cast is entirely watchable and believable.<p>If you're in the mood for an action flick that doesn't require much in the way of critical thinking, it's worth seeing.
But never really hooks the viewer. Good action but contrived.
The scenery and set are the best part of the movie, as are the Japanese actors and actresses. The plot is entertaining. Then Tom Cruise comes in and plays, . . . Tom Cruise.  He is a looser ex-military drunk who ends up in Japan and teaches this ancient warrior class how to fight.  Cruise' ego once again is center screen, the pretty boy who can't act ruins another good movie.
This is a movie that when it is on TV I will stop to watch it everytime.  Great flic but how is it that when searching for the movie I stumble on a blu-ray copy for 9.99 and VHS for 13.84???????  Did I miss something I know unfortunately that the 80's are coming back but not this much.
Oh how I wish I could spend three months in the mountains and come out speaking flawless Japanese... -__-<br /><br /> This film is one of those ones that aspires to show everyone in a politically correct light and ruthlessly employs stereotypes galore to attempt to do it. The noble white man comes to the tiny idyllic remote village and is reformed and turned to the way of bushido by the kind and benevolent natives who come to respect him too. Even gets to fall in love with the demure &quot;perfect&quot; widow of the man he killed. And on top of that, he manages to change the mind of the emperor! How far we've come in making films that don't depict Asian stereotypes. -_-<br /><br /> The historical problems with this film are huge, but then again it didn't claim to be a documentary. The real problems lie in the representation of women, and the romantization of the culture (everything from bushido to the army).<br /><br /> There are some redeeming qualities, which include Ken Watanabe's excellent performance, and the beautiful and lush scenery/clothing which was relatively authentic. (I know most of this was shot in Canada...but the set pieces were very well researched)<br /><br /> If you want a film with substance, start checking out films from people actually from Japan. Zatoichi, and Twilight Samurai (both currently playing in select cities) come to mind, or any of the works of Akira Kurosawa.<br /><br /> Or for a different spin with beautiful visuals, check out China's Hero (soon to be released on the big screen here).
Decent acting, decent actors, terrible writting, no research into Japanese customs whatsoever, almost as insulting as &quot;Rising Sun.&quot;  Waste of over two hours.
Yes, it's been done before: Add Dances With Wolves to the King and I and what do you get?  Well, you would get a LOT MORE than this movie, but generally you get the idea...<br />The acting is generally average, with the exception of the usual Tom Cruise faux intensity, replete with the usual faux intellectual/academic post movie interviews...<br />As for action scenes, the audience get's to watch a slo-mo repeat of one sword-swingning scene presumably to show us how great the fist version would have been had it been properly filmed...and the epic scenes are, well, simply put, NOT EPIC.<br />The lack of love interest is apparent in the apparent lack of interest in the female character by Cruise - no surprise - which leaves the male viewer with little more than some OK aikido, iaido and sushi.<br />The only thing missing was a rice-rocket motorcycle scene.  No Top Shogun here.
Plain and simple if you like action this movie is for you.  If you like drama this movie is for you.  If you like foriegn this movie is for you.  iTs my favorite move, and Tom Cruise is awsome in this movie.
"The Last Samurai" is one of the best movies you will ever see on DVD! A sweeping and emotional film with powerful images and an incredible storyline. An incredible story about a man who tries to find his place and ends up pleading his cause to the way of the samurai.<br /><br />  The best part was at the ending. It had me crying buckets of tears. This scene told me I was watching probably the best drama film ever made (besides "The Passion of The Christ").<br /><br />I strongly recommend this film. It is violent, but there are a lot worse movies out there. This film is an instant masterpiece.
A good movie to watch as it not only has historical relations to it, it has a well brought together cast as well. I'd go in depth about the movie and everything, but why repeat what everyone else said? The thing to remember is this movie is rated pretty high cause it has intense battle scenes that resemble gladiator in its gruesome display of battle lust (not that I have anything against that). The one part I didn't like but is understandable since it has japenese actors in it is that halfway through the movie they start talking in japenese and you have to read the bottom of the screen to see what they say. Now if its 2am and your tired and sitting far from the tv, that can be a problem but as i said, cruise is in japan at that time so he should speak the language as well. Just in case anyone did miss it, basically cruise is the last man left in his unit when its taken out by japanese samurais. they spare him and hold him captive in their village. soon he embraces their culture and starts to find a little peace in himself. I'd say more but that'd ruin the movie and i said i wouldn't get all into it anyways :) a great movie to watch.... but not at 2am when your tired so leave it for the daytime but definately a must see.
This movie was the greatest movie I've ever seen, it will continue to be my favorite movie for a long time. The war sequences were far better than any other movie like 'Saving Private Ryan'. The Last Samurai had better special affects and a most intriguing story. I loved the relationship between Algren and the Samurai class, the fight for survival in the newly modernized country Japan after 1868 when Meiji's reign as Emperor began. Its quite fascinating how this story, even though the character Algren and the dealings with the Americans were fiction how this story was so well drawn out. The character that portrayed the legendary Saigo, or "Dai Saigo" otherwise known as a fictional character as Katsumoto did such a dramatically important role, a role in which it took a strong will and personality to play. The honor and prestige that each warrior felt back in history was shown in the faces of the individuals that gave their time and skills into making this film historically memorable. I love to read about Japanese history, and I can say right now that they did a spectacular job in recreating the nation of Japan back in the times of Meiji. domo arigatou.....ja ne!
Samurai were not that stupid. I don't particularly like some aspects of classic Japanese culture (excessive obsession over honor and conformity), but the one thing they do better than most other Asian cultures is adapt military technologies when given the opportunity.<br /><br />To imply that there was a group of Japanese Samurai who refused to use fire-arms is retarded. The Japanese have used guns since they first encountered them from the Europeans in the early 1400's, from these they reverse engineered. Japanese Warlords have won the entire country with rifle-men.<br /><br />Historically, there really were a group of samurai who rebelled against a modernizing Japan. And they really did fight to death. And they really did only used swords.<br /><br />But not due to a retarded dogmatic aversion to guns, but because they ran out of gun-powder in their last battle.<br /><br />Also the idea that the last and only surviving samurai would be a white man is insulting.
I held this one off for a long time. I was at the very bottom of my list of movies to see. I just knew it was gonna be trash. Aside from some breathtaking photography this film is dumbed down Hollywood trash. An insult to Japanese filmakers like Akira Kurosawa (Seven Samurai) and Hiroshi Inagaki (Samurai Trilogy) who's Samurai films have captured the hearts of audeinces worldwide. <p>Not only is this film a rip off of those directors but it's also a poor attempt at mimicing Hollywood epics like Braveheart. Probably the worst thing about this film is Tom Cruise's occaisional narration of his diary. What kind of warrior keeps a diary anyway? Isn't that for pansies? Anyway it serves as pointless drivel that mearly point's out the allready obvious. It's like they tried to make this film idiot proof. I think they should have focused on making it average joe/jane pissed off cause they spent 5 bucks to rent this crap proof.  <p>The Characater development in this film was pretty much the same any Jean Claued Van Damme film. Last time I checked &quot;Kickboxer&quot; or &quot;Bloodsport&quot; didn't get nominated for any Academy Awards. I was just waiting for a training montage. <p>That's all I'm gonna write about this film. I have better stuff to review.
This film fails both historically and morally.<br />  The real Imperial Army was not inept and cowardly as shown in this film.  Every Japanese history textbook I've ever read says that the conscript soldiers were disdained by the haughty samurai, but that they proved their bravery and worth in the battles against them.  There's nothing in this film that shows the arrogance and contempt the samurai had for the &quot;dirt farmers&quot; whom they expected to easily defeat, but who stood their ground and shot them to pieces.  The samurai, incidentally, had just as many cannons and muskets as their opponents.  I cannot understand why the filmmaker had to make the samurai's enemies so evil and stupid, instead of portraying the war as a sincere clash of cultures between men who fought for what they belived in.<br />  Morally, it really hurt me to see Tom Cruise (Algren) wading so cold-bloodedly into the teenage troops he had been training six months ago and butchering them without the slightest compunction.  And there wasn't even any sort of remorse voiced by Cruise/Algren, even in a cliched, off-the-cuff sort of way (&quot;Many brave men on both sides will die today.&quot;).  Maybe he hacked to death that poor, scared man he was trying to teach how to shoot earlier in the film.<br />  This is one of those films that, like &quot;The Patriot&quot;, gets every cuff button and chin-strap of the costumes right, but fails to capture the spirit of an era and its people by resorting to black-and-white/good-and-evil cliches.  It looks geat, but has a rotten core.
Just as the ocean has shallow ends and deep ends, The Last Samurai is a film whose story, in part, lies on the surface and also lies, in part, deeper beneath the surface. At face value, you will find a tale about an old world culture (the Samurai culture) clashing with a rising, powerful modern culture (Western culture). Although this is almost certainly an oversimplification of the story, the clash-of-cultures saga played out in this movie is basically the "shallow end" of the premise. In fact, the story and setting in and of themselves are merely a convenient backdrop for which to convey its actual message; which is much deeper and more interesting. <p>Cruise plays 7th Cavalry Army Captain, Nathan Algren. He is a troubled and tormented man who is haunted by tremendous guilt, brought on by his experiences fighting and killing American Indians circa 1876. He is generally lauded as a hero around the US, ironically admired for the very actions that precipitate his self-loathing. He is not interested in fame or accolades; he is a man who desperately wants to escape his personal demons, but is completely helpless to suffer through them. Like many people who suffer from such inescapable torment, he turns to the bottle for his salvation. Still present are the post-traumatic nightmares and flashbacks of his war-fighting days. But alas, as he tries to drown his sorrows, they do indeed learn to swim. His acquired inclination toward the excessive consumption of libations notwithstanding, he does his best to cope, however unfruitful his efforts may be. <p>Although he has been begrudgingly following orders to this point, he nevertheless has done his best to fulfill them dutifully. By turn of events, Algren encounters a Japanese General named Hasegawa who has a profitable offer for him. Despite his heavy drinking, Algren is eventually hired to train the Japanese army in Western warfare and to use firearms in battle against the fierce battle-experienced Samurai. Western culture is all the rage in Japan, and powerful political influences want to wipe out the old system that was influenced by the Samurai Code in order to foster a modern Japanese culture. Algren is sent to Japan and finds a group of soldiers who know nothing concerning the use of firearms. He earnestly tries to train them properly so as to prepare them for battle, but Japanese General Hasegawa is impatient with the troops' development; and much to Algren's dismay, Hasegawa orders them to begin fighting Samurai even though the troops are ill-prepared to do so. <p>The first battle against the Samurai is disastrous for the secular Japanese troops, and a slaughter ensues at the hands of the defiant Samurai warriors. But Algren survives the battle and winds up being surrounded by several Samurai. Algren, ever the fearless warrior, stands his ground with a ferocious vigor, showing tremendous valor and honor in displaying that he will fight until his last breath. It is here that Samurai elder and leader, Katsumoto notices Algren's impressive will to fight to the death. Katsumoto, if only out of curiosity, spares Algren's life and keeps him as a "free" captive in his Samurai village until winter passes.<p>During his stay, Algren is treated with dignity albeit an underlying distrust and resentment from the local villagers. Because of his heavy reliance on alcohol, Algren begins going through terrible symptoms of withdrawal from it, as he is weaned from the grips of his addiction. Once his head becomes clear again, he begins to learn from the Samurai villagers' ways, being influenced by their strong principles and stoic way of life. It is through their cultural mindset that he begins to free his mind from the shackles of the nightmarish suffering that has dogged his troubled mind for so long. Indeed, Captain Algren experiences the personal growth and enlightenment that changes lives and raises one's consciousness above darkness and despair.<p>It is during this portion of the story that the "meat" of the movie lies. It is here that Algren begins to see life from a different perspective. The Samurai's life is a simple one that focuses on virtues espoused by The Samurai Way; values such as honor, integrity, respect, courage, justice, wisdom, etc. The way the villagers were portrayed in the film remind me of a real-life Samurai named Yamamoto Tsunetomo, who once said in a compilation of his writings entitled "Hagakure" that one should: "be true to the thought of the moment and avoid distraction. Other than continuing to exert yourself, enter into nothing else, but go to the extent of living single thought by single thought." (Hagakure, p. 69). Much of the village's daily life in this movie is summed up quite well by that maxim. <p>In my view, Western culture, though I am fond of it because it is enticingly vivacious, does appear to be soulless and material-based when compared to Eastern Asian cultures. Fast paced, rather emotionally detached, and primarily concerned with wealth, true happiness and peace-of-mind seems to disproportionately elude the advocates of Western values versus supporters of Eastern Asian values. But people and relationships are portrayed as being of high value in Katsumoto's village. Artificiality has no home there; their thoughts are focused on the truly important things in life. They spend most of their time on attaining enlightenment and perfecting whatever craft they have chosen to perform in life. The Samurai Way encompasses a broad variety of topics, much of which are elaborated on much further throughout the storytelling in the movie.<p>The Last Samurai is a fantastic movie with a profound message and beautiful cinematography. The acting is top-notch, as Cruise and Ken Watanabe (Katsumoto) pull off a magnificent performance with excellent chemistry. You will be left satisfied and perhaps even moved. I certainly was, and I liked it so much that I intend to view the film several times more.
Apart from being slow, condescending, cliched and overblown, this film is hilarously, and unintentionally ironic. An American from an American-backed 'peace keeping force' joins with a bunch of reactionary rebels. Amazingly, the rebels are right to despise 'western ways' in their desire to cling to 'traditional' beliefs. Guns, progress and capitalism aren't, apparently, the basis for inner peace. In the face of impossible odds, it's still better to die an honourable death in the face of automatic weapons. So, presumably, the follow up will be something like 'Last Jihad Warrior' where Tom Cruise joins the Iraqi Shi'ite militia in a vainglorious rebellion against Apache attack helicopters.
(...) Haters of Western Culture have no fear:  The Last Samarai is here!  In The Last Samurai,  the Westerners (Americans and Brits) are once again the bad guys, infecting yet another innocent race with Western ways.  <p>The silmplistic plot involves American military officers going to Japan to help modernize the imperial military.  The time of the movie is the late 1870's when Japan was taking to western culture with a vengeance.  Tom Cruise and his men are hired to train the Japanese military to drive out the last exhisting Samarai warriors who are resistant to the new order. <p>All is going not-so-well, when Tom Cruise ends up captured by the Samarai enemy.  He then falls in love with their culture and their ways.  Cruise then switches sides, eventually leading the Samarai in a final, suicidal assault on the newly equipped Japanese military.  <p>Throughout the flim, the plight of the Samarai is contrasted with that of The Native Americans in  the United States.  Both cultures have been threatened by the destructive effects of modernization (aka the white man's ways).  <p>Such parallels are ridiculous.  The idea of  Americans exploiting the "nobel savage" is a Western concept';  such ideas of "good versus evil"  have never held sway in Japan.  Moreover,  in real life the last of the Samarai simply resigned, and the prestige of the Samarai order gradually decreased over time.  It was not wiped out by a Westernized military machine.  <p>Therein lies the film's irony;  by trying to flatter Japanese culture and history, The Last Samarai insults it.  One example of this is the depiction of Emperor Meji.  He is  depicted as an indecisive, weak- kneed boy who allows himself to be mocked by subordinates.  This is grossly innacurate and just plain shameless.  In reality, anyone who dared challenge the Emperor would have lost his head.<br /><br />It is worth noting that the Samarai make a "successful" last stand only because they have the help of a white Westerner.  This should be enough to make the average Japanese person cringe.  The Japanese would not have taken to Cruise's character so easily, nor would they have needed him to make their last stand.  <p>This film is a big mess that fails to capture the essence of the culture is seeks to portray.
At every opportunity this movie failed in the presentation of its larger themes.  To begin with, the presentation of honor, as illustrated through the statements and military tactics of the rebel samurai leader, demonstrated a grotesque misunderstanding of the term.  The idea that honor somehow requires a military leader to ignore cutting edge military technology, i.e. firearms, or to blindly charge forward at a numerically superior and better armed foe is laughable.  Furthermore, the healing power of love can hardly be demonstrated by a widow who jumps in bed with her husband's killer before his corpse is even cold, even if the killer is Tom Cruise.  On a side note, I could hardly restrain my laughter when Cruise's character appears in the doorway of the widow's house wearing her husband's armor.  Regarding the below comments about the racially insensitive aspects of this movie, I completely agree.  If I was Japanese, I would be annoyed at how Tom Cruise's American character, after spending only a short time in the samurai village, ultimately holds himself out to be the highest exponent of the samurai virtues and then presumes to instruct the Emperor on how to act.  I get hot under the collar when Europeans comment about how Americans should act or vote.  I can only imagine that people of Japanese citizenship or descent would have a similar reaction to the manner in which samurai culture was depicted in this film.
The last Samurai was a really good movie. It was about a Captain in the American army that went to Japan to help train men for Japans new army to fight the samurai. The Captain gets captured during a battle and stays and trains with the samurai. In the end he fights for samurai. It is really good watch it.
Wonderful movie, one of the best you'll ever experience and since most reviewers wrote a lot about this movie I won't.  The DVD was very disappointing to me because this movie was based on Japan and it's history, however, it doesn't offer you to watch the movie in Japanese or it doesn't even offer the Japanese subtitle!!!  They offer the typical, Spanish and French!  It would have improved this DVD greatly if they had an option to either watch it in Japanese or to watch it with Japanese subtitle.
No wonder the Japanese people hate this movie.  It's not only the stereotypes (most of the Japanese characters were faceless or ugly, and in general violent and, hmm, stereotyped).  It's also the pretentious way of fitting an Oriental philosophy in a Westerner's world.  I'm not against meshing the best of different worlds.  I'm just saying the novel and the movie are purely made to make money, and there's nothing philosophical or endearing about the story or the main character.  Of course, it has to end with the white man taking the Asian woman as his bride.  No wonder the Japanese hate this movie.
There's something that irritates me greatly about this movie.<br /><br />On the plus side, Cruise's acting is more than passable; the evocation of late 19th-century Japan is convincing; the cinematography, peerless; and the battle scenes, gripping and well-wrought.<br /><br />But . . .<br /><br />Has it ever occurred to anybody that Cruise's character was fighting on the WRONG side?<br /><br />I mean, you've got these boring, stuffy guys in the capital who want to get rid of the samurais, then you have the samurais themselves, living in the mountains in manly splendor like a bunch of maurading Che Guevaras.<br /><br />Except that all those "boring, stuffy guys in the capital" are, when you get right down to it, trying to construct a society BASED ON CONSTITUTIONALISM, CONSENSUAL GOVERNMENT, and THE RULE OF LAW, while the untamed samurai simply long for the perpetuation of the swashbuckling, rule-of-the-strongest-type era in which they were ascendant.<br /><br />In other words, the "villains" of this movie are nothing short of the founders of modern Japan:  the heroes, in my book.  Not just that, but they were exponents of everything we as a civilized society presumably stand for.<br /><br />The samurais of this period -- and in this movie--, though inarguably romantic and daring, were essentially trying to turn the clock back to a time when tribalism, internecine warfare, and general lawless bloodshed were the norm.  In short, these guys were standing squarely in the way of a modern humanistic society informed by values such as meritocracy, egalitarianism, due process, etc.<br /><br />And we're supposed to sympathize with these guys merely because Cruise's character happens upon them?<br /><br />This stuck in my craw so much, it pretty much shouted down every other excellence of the film, and there were a few.
"Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure", is a simple way to describe this movie. I was very excited to hear this movie was coming out. I have written several papers on the subject and not only admire Edward Zwick's other movies but I am a Tom Cruise fan as well. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the movie, Tom Cruise was fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful but the film is almost completely "factless". America did open up trade with Japan but French and German officers trained the Japanese imperial army, they at the time had the best Foot soldiers. Also the young Emperor of Japan was not torn between the new and old ways, He instead was the driving force behind modernizing Japan as fast as it did, he saw the Samurai as one of the main reasons Japan had fallen so far behind. The Samurai that rebelled against the Emperor were considered "RONIN" meaning Samurai with no master, and sense Samurai means "To serve" they were despised by the Samurai that served the Emperor and were perceived as Dishonorable. The rebel Samurai also had full divisions that used Firearms; it was not the Bows vs. Rifles you see in the movie. And most importantly it was not the Honorable Samurai protecting the Peasant people from the heartless new way of the Evil imperial Japanese Government, quit the opposite is true. Japan had been divided for more then a century; the clans had known nothing but war. When the Shogun took power the Emperor was nothing more then a symbol and was never allowed to leave his Palace. The Shogun had the real power and the whole time it was most of Japan, the peasants and working class that suffered under the Samurai, They were Honorable warriors but only to other Samurai, ordinary Japanese were considered Less then Men and could be killed at the whims of the Samurai. It was the modernization of Japan that threatened the rule of the Samurai with the Shogun being forced to step down in 1867 and put the power back in the hands of the Emperor as well as the working class of Japan. Most Samurai saw this and surrendered the old way to the new seeing that The Samurai were obsolete, but the few that rebelled were motivated by Power, status and wealth that they were losing and not for the People of Japan like the film so badly suggests. This is a fun film if you watch it as a fantasy adventure with no basis in history. I give it a low rating because even thought both Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick admit that this is not what really happened but wanted to capture the spirit of the Samurai in a fiction film, I feel this is irresponsible and that this film dishonors the real history of Japan.
EXCELLENT PRODUCT. RECEIVED IN TIMELY MANNER.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR PEOPLE WHO ENJOY ACTION MOVIE, CULTURE ,AND ROMANCE.
This film has great visuals, if nothing else. The Samurai armor and Katana swords in the film are beautiful, and Ken Wantanabe does a great performance in the film (I can't wait to see him as Ra's Al Ghul in Batman Begins). However, the story is downright twisted and innacurate. In real life, the Samurai were the BAD GUYS. They were arrogant and stuck up, and they were disgruntled because they were loosing their political status with the unification of Japan. The Japanese soldiers were brave, and fought valiantly and proved their worth against the Samurai in battle, and they won. The Samurai thought since they were &quot;lowly peasants&quot; they would be defeated without a struggle, but they were wrong. However, this movie completely twists around what really happened. The Samurai are portrayed as brave, moral men who want to preserve the Japanese culture and prevent &quot;westernization&quot; (which obviousely is something the director does not like), and the Japanese army is portrayed as cowardly weaklings, who the Samurai slaughter like Orcs from the Lord of the Rings. And for what? The Samurai openly admit that westernization and the extinction of Bushido is un-avoidable, so why do they see the need for a completely wasteful bloodbath that ends in hundreds of soldiers and Samurai dead? Considering how far this film goes out of it's way to be PC, you'd wonder why the Samurai heroes of the film decide to go on a suicide mission and waste hundreds of lives with no real purpose. What they've done to the Samurai in this movie is like if they made an Ivanhoe movie where the Normans are the good guys. It's just dumb.<p>However, there was the awesome fight scene where the Samurai have to fight with Ninjas. That scene alone boosts this film's score from 2 stars to 3.
In terms of history, thie movie is a fiction, but it succeed in explaining the main idea of samurai spirit. I like it.
The scope is sweeping, the views of Japan are breathtaking and the battles are epic.  I was predisposed to like this movie, I love almost anything Akira Kurosawa has done from the Hidden Fortress, to the 7 Samurai to Ran (his masterpiece). However, unfortunately for the Last Samurai it takes more to make a movie, like a plot and characters. The screenplay is pathetic and the message is twisted and sick. Feudal Japan was great, but only if you were a samurai, you had the right of summary execution if you were insulted, (hence everyone is sooo polite), and you didn't have to bust your butt in the rice paddies, nice work if you can get it.  At best the movie, like the repressive society it defends is mysoginistic. Japan is better off entering the 19th century (unified country, modern medicine, less repressive society), and gets into trouble when it takes the twisted codes of bushido into the 20th century, killing prisiones (see the book The Rape of Nanking: The Forgotten Holocaust of World War II for examples of samurai honor), banzi charges and kamakazi.  For a far better, and wittier review go to Stephen Hunter of the Washington Post.<br /><br />http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A37137-003Dec4.html<p>I took my family to this, now they keep reminding me I owe them for wasting 3 hours of their life.
"Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure", is a simple way to describe this movie. I was very excited to hear this movie was coming out. I have written several papers on the subject and not only admire Edward Zwick's other movies but I am a Tom Cruise fan as well. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the movies, Tom Cruise was fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful but the film is almost completely "factless". America did open up trade with Japan but French and German officers trained the Japanese imperial army, They at the time had the best Foot soldiers. Also the young Emperor of Japan was not torn between the new and old ways, He instead was the driving force behind modernizing Japan as fast as it did, he saw the Samurai as one of the main reasons Japan had fallen so far behind. The Samurai that rebelled against the Emperor were considered "RONIN" meaning Samurai with no master, and sense Samurai means "To serve" they were despised by the Samurai that served the Emperor and were perceived as Dishonorable. The rebel Samurai also had full divisions that used Firearms, it was not the Bows vs. Rifles you see in the movie. And most importantly it was not the Honorable Samurai protecting the Peasant people from the heartless new way of the Evil imperial Japanese Government, quit the opposite is true. Japan had been divided for more then a century, the clans had known nothing but war. When the Shogun took power the Emperor was nothing more then a symbol and was never allowed to leave his Palace. The Shogun had the real power and the whole time it was most of Japan, the peasants and working class that suffered under the Samurai, They were Honorable warriors but only to other Samurai, ordinary Japanese were considered Less then Men and could be killed at the whims of the Samurai. It was the modernization of Japan that threatened the rule of the Samurai with the Shogun being forced to step down in 1867 and put the power back in the hands of the Emperor as well as the working class of Japan. Most Samurai saw this and surrendered the old way to the new seeing that The Samurai were obsolete, but the few that rebelled were motivated by Power, status and wealth that they were losing and not for the People of Japan like the film so badly suggests. This is a fun film if you watch it as a fantasy adventure with no basis in history. I give it a low rating because even thought both Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick admit that this is not what really happened but wanted to capture the spirit of the Samurai in a fiction film, I feel this is irresponsible and that this film dishonors The real history of Japan. I would like to add that the Chinese feel Honoring the Samurai and Japanese values is like Honoring Nazis and their way of life and I don't blame them for feeling that way.
Every year a crop of prestige pictures get dumped out of the major studios in Hollywood.  Every one of these large scale epics is full of wild battles, romance, outstanding performances, and the cream of the crop celebrities.  These are the films that are especially created to win the coveted Academy Awards.  The problem is every year one film is so big, so bloated, and so prestigious it turns into a silly mess.  This year's film is EDWARD ZWICK'S THE LAST SAMURAI.  A fun action film that longs to be SCHINDLER'S LIST.<p>The Last Samurai stars Tom Cruise (Vanilla Sky) as Captain Algern, a soldier who stood with General Custer as he made his famous last stand.  While in battle he is forced to kill innocent Native American women and children, and it eats away at his soul.  Turning him to drink. <p>When his old associates give him a job training Japanese soldiers to fight against a Samurai warrior named Katsumoto (Ken Wantanabe, T.R.Y.).  Everything seems okay.  That is until he's captured by Katsumoto and begins to learn the law of the Samurai.<p>THE LAST SAMURAI at it's best boasts some of the most breathtaking close up battle scenes I've seen in a long time.  I could hardly believe that for once I could follow the battles, because for the first time in a long time the camera stayed pretty steady.  It simply wasn't sound effects and shaky steady cams moving around.  It was real, and true battle choreography.  Now that made me smile.<p>I also loved the scene in which Algern battles a group of overzealous Japanese soldiers who are attacking his friend.  The scene actually works and is a rare sight.  A modern fight scene that doesn't feature wire effects or CGI.  It reminded me of old Bruce Lee movies.  A scene that was about a fight and not about special effects creating it.<p>SAMURAI also features a nice relationship between Algern and Katsumoto.  Enemies that become friends, Wantanabe's character is strong because it feels real.  Unlike SONNY CHIBA's silly turn as the proverb spouting sword dealer in KILL BILL.  Wantanabe exudes the feeling of a real Samurai and not of a silly Kung Fu movie reject.  I loved how he could embody this man who is torn between his country and his king.  <p>SAMURAIS real flaw is that it thinks it's SAVING PRIVATE RYAN, THE SEVEN SAMURAI, CROUCHING TIGER HIDDEN DRAGON, and DANCES WITH WOLVES, when it's really just a fun battle movie.  It takes itself far too seriously.  You watch it with this feeling that at any moment you'll see a graphic pop on the screen that says "FOR YOUR CONSIDERATION."<p>It also gets the award for the silliest and most melodramatic thing screamed by an actor in peril in 2003.  Algern is going through alcohol withdrawal and screams "SAKI" at the top of his lungs.  I was sitting next to my brother-in-law, and every time the film hit another stupidly melodramatic moment I would whisper "Saki!!"  It kept me entertained.<p>I was also aghast that in front of me a small boy no more than five was sitting there.  There is a pretty gruesome scene in which a man loses his head.  Never have a felt so badly for a little child than I did when he screamed out in terror and then latched onto his mothers shoulder.  LISTEN PARENTS OF THE WORLD, THE RATING SYSTEM WAS DESIGNED SO THAT THIS KIND OF THING DOESN'T HAPPEN.  YOU WANT TO WATCH AN R-RATED MOVIE RENT IT AT YOUR LEISURE.  DON'T BRING A FIVE YEAR OLD TO THE MOVIES TO WATCH IT. (Calming Down) Thank you!<p>THE LAST SAMURAI is a mixed bag.  On one hand its breathtaking to watch and on the other its kinda of silly.  I'm going to recommend it to those whom like really cool battle sequences.  But for the rest of you why not give THE SEVEN SAMURAI or even BRAVHEART a chance.  They are far better films.<p>*** out of 5
Set in 1870's Japan, "The Last Samurai" is most effective when it sticks to the harsh realities of its blood- soaked battle scenes and avoids the softening effects of its two-bit philosophizing.<p>Tom Cruise is stoic and stolid as Nathan Algren, a former captain of the United States army who is having trouble coming to grips with the part he played in slaughtering a village of innocent American Indians.  Now drifting aimlessly through life, Algren disinterestedly agrees to go to Japan to help train its military in the ways of modern warfare so that the nation's leaders can take on and destroy the sole remnants of the samurai forces who are still using swords as weapons.  Once he is captured by the "enemy," however, Algren falls under the spell of the Samurai Code of Honor and switches his allegiance in battle, ending up fighting with the samurai (whom he views as the equivalent of "Indian underdogs" in the struggle) against the people he was brought over to train.  The film, thus, becomes a study in redemption as this one man attempts to find his place in the scheme of things and to erase the life-crippling guilt of his past actions.<p>Director Edward Zwick, who made one of the best war films of modern times ("Glory"), has had less success here, mainly because he stacks the deck so shamelessly in favor of the samurai that we can't help feeing manipulated all throughout the film.  In many ways, "The Last Samurai" is as guilty of one-sidedness as those old time Westerns that used to portray the Indians as faceless savages and the White Man as noble adventurers and heroes.  Each perspective seems equally unhistorical and phony.  It's hard for us to see much meaning in Algren's redemption when the people he is following spend much of their time garroting themselves and chopping off one another's heads.  And all the talk about "honor," "shame," the beauty of cherry blossoms and getting in touch with the inner self through a zen-type lifestyle don't amount to too much when we stand back and realize that the samurai were basically bloody warriors who often terrorized the general populous with their acts of brutality and violence.  The makers of the film want us to see a vast moral chasm separating the samurai from both the Japanese military and the evil American colonials who support them, but it is, ultimately, a distinction without a difference.  So when we are asked to cheer on Algren and his compatriots in battle or weep over their fate, the movie loses its grip on us in a major way.  The film becomes just another case of glorifying and romanticizing a way of life that we somehow suspect was a bit less noble and honorable than we have always been led to believe by the countless movies on the subject.<p>Technically, "The Last Samurai" is a mighty impressive achievement.  In addition to the eye-catching vistas of rural Japan and a beautifully recreated 19th Century city, the film's large-scaled battle sequences have been stunningly mounted and executed - though the faint-of-heart should note that the body count on screen is enormous and the blood flows generously throughout.  There are, also, some admittedly touching moments scattered throughout the film, though the Hollywood corn is never too far from the surface (particularly in Algren's romantic attachment to the wife of a man he killed).<p>"The Last Samurai" is a joy to look at, but its unsubtle approach to its material and lack of evenhandedness make it far less meaningful and moving than, I'm sure, it both wanted and intended to be.
In 1876, Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is living in a bottle.  He is a Captain in the U.S. Army who is so ashamed of the things he did in the Indian Wars under Gen. Custer that he has to constantly drink in order to forget the extremely painful memories.  Unable to keep a job, he decides to accept an offer from a Japanese noble-man.  Along with a few other military officers, including his old Colonel (Tony Goldwyn), whom Algren detests for ordering him to carry out viscious orders, and Algren's friend Zebulon Gant (Billy Connolly), he will travel to Japan to train the imperial army in modern warfare.  Japan is trying to modernize after centuries of isolationism, and there is a rebellion led by the Samurai, who believe that by modernizing, Japan is losing its sense of self.  The Samurai, led by Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), will do everything they can to protect the traditional Japanese values.<br /><br />After the first battle, the poorly trained Imperial Army is massacred by the disciplined Samurai warriors, and Algren is the only soldier able to actually defend himself.  Sensing his strength, Katsumoto has him taken alive in order to be studied.  While in Katsumoto's village, Algren begins to discover many admirable qualities of the Samurai, including their discipline, their loyalty, and most importantly for Algren, their serenity.<br /><br />This was a great film; it dealt with loyalty, moral ambiguity, and courage.  The story, while somewhat predictable, was a good one to tell.  However, this story probably is not very accurate, but that can be overlooked.  There are some logic problems (Algren learned Japanese FAST), but once again, they don't detract from this great film.
This movie was filmed in Australia and not like Japan at all, there is even scene with coconut tree! This movie is Japan from eyes of American, not bushido, NOT TRUE SAMURAI, not the heart of Japan. Japanese emperor and bushido are not heterogenous, this movie mislead of Japan conception. Why ninja attacking village? Was this still playing active part in Japan which became Meiji? -No. The scene when children eat meal without having a rice bowl in left hand, this is very ill mannered in Japanese meal, and this also Samurai's child? -No. To say "This Hollywood film drew the heart of Japan or samurai correctly" is profanity to the samurai who fought for the resturation of Japan. --- A rental is enough, I think we see only one time even if we buy it.
i may pick this film, but I think that certain things take away from the overall story. first, i think it would have been better completely without Tom Cruise's character. Just Ken Watanabe's character. Secondly, there was this one part where you watch Tom Cruise fight some guys, then directly after, you have to watch it over again. it was supposed to add dramatic effect, but i hated it. i already saw it once, why do i have to see it again? finally, the ending sucked. it was just Tom Cruise acting like he was an angry drunk and it didn't make any sense why he didn't die. Ken Watanabe's character was actually cool, why did he die and Tom Cruise live? other than that, it was a pretty good film.
First off, The Good: The cinematography, though sometimes almost TOO glossy/slick for it's own good, is consistently excellent, but then it is by John Toll (Braveheart, The Thin Red Line) so no surprise there.  Ken Watanabe is fine, noble, strong yet vulnerable and easily out-acts Cruise without breaking a sweat. He does more with a glance than Cruise can do with his whole grunting/straining/scowling arsenal of Master Thespian Acting tricks. In fact most of the Japanese cast is uniformly above average. Some of the battle sequences were intense and well staged, particularly the Ninja attack, but to even begin to compare them with Braveheart, as some reviewers have done here, invites incredulity.<br /><br />The Bad: Hans Zimmer's music nearly overwhelms several scenes in the worst sledgehammer way, underlining and cueing the audience into what emotion they should be feeling in every scene instead of merely setting and enhancing mood. Contrast this with the same composer's outstanding score for The Thin Red Line (incidentally a FAR superior film in every respect about men in battle/war/self-conflict). Then there's Mr. Tom Cruise...what to say about pretty boy? He wants that bloody Oscar SO BAD you can see him straining with the effort in nearly every scene. Several times I thought that bulging vein in his forehead was simply going to burst right there on screen. At least that would have been entertaining to watch. Cruise can be effective given the right role and a strong enough director to rein in his own worst instincts (this summer's Collateral for example). I'm afraid Mr. Zwick was not up to the challenge.<br /><br />And, The Ugly: the ending. OH MY GAWD! I saw it coming and still didn't believe it would really go there, but yup, sure enough, Our Intrepid Hero gets to lead the suicide charge, miraculously survive it, help the REAL hero commit sepuku, stare down the emperor into shame, AND make his way back to the picture-postcard lotus blossom village to shack up with the wife of the man he killed! Alrighty then. This may have sunk to a new all time low in over-the-top, ludicrously inappropriate, spiked-on happy endings that completely invalidate everything the film has labored to create, even if unsuccessfully, for the last 150 minutes!!! Honor? If Cruise has indeed learned anything about the Samurai code of honor, he would have disemboweled himself on the last battlefield along with the other guy! But no (and I can see Mr. Cruise's fingerprints all over this) he has to be the defiant hero who overcomes all odds, redeems himself AND gets the girl too. Puh-leeze. Even though I was dissatisfied with much of what had come before, a decent ending could have at least redeemed the film somewhat. As it stands, it merely reinforced and truly unmasked The Last Samurai for the conventional Hollywood claptrap that it is.
Tom Cruise is miscast here.  The long battle scenes were gruesome and gratuitous.  The story was nearly lost as a result.<br /><br />What we get with modern action/adventure/war films is a sensory assult.  They're loud and excessive and overdone in every way.  Look at old movies when directors had respect for the audience and the point of the movie was the story.  I'm tired of being masturbated upon by these modernists.  I'm not seeing any more new movies until I see more of the great old ones.  I recently saw Paths of Glory with Kirk Douglas/directed by Stanley Kubrick.  Although Kubrick was certainly a bit twisted himself and some of his later films showed it, this early film is a success.  I'd recommend it, not this.
What a nice flick, if you like Tom Cruise<p>You get to see him play in the mud with wooden sticks while 'training' from Samurai Masters<p>The premise is TC kills the husband of the sister of the last great Samurai<p>TC then teaches the village of Samurai how to fight the newly trained soldiers of Japan, soldiers he ironically trained<p>TC dies in the end with the last great Samurai, it could have occurred about 30 minutes earlier<p>Nicely filmed<p>Cruise puts in a great effort<p>The story though, it could have been better<p>It's a quasi love story of how the wife of the man he killed falls in love with TC, well kinda<p>If you like TC well worth it<p>It's just a wee bit drawn out for me to give it more than 3 stars
Although I have reviewed this movie with heightened interest,<br />are the facts portrayed historicaly valid, and if so,<br />where can I peruse more profound articles on the Internet<br />that depict the Mercenary involvement between the United<br />States and Japan?  I am a Social Studies teacher and would<br />like to share this issue, if a true account, with other<br />teachers in my local area.  Please respond by e-mail at your<br />earliest convenience.  Thank you.
I lived in Japan for several years and spent allot of time going to Japanese cinema which was full of samaurai epics so I was interested in this film....I want to it reluctantly tho because<br />I am NOT a Cruise fan.<br />Basically he portrays himself in every film he does. Gee, maybe that is why he has never won an academy award.....has he ever been nominated? I don't think so.......<br />The only redeeming part of this film was the story, the wonderful scenery, and the supporting cast. I frankly would have loved to have seen more of them and allot less of him......unfortunately this particular film did not develop their character as much as "Dances With Wolves" developed the Sioux characters.<br />The Meiji period was an interesting time for Japan and this could have been much better.
Three faults of the The Last Samurai (2003):<br /><br />1. Tom Cruise<br /><br />2. The actor who plays the emperor<br /><br />3. The script (esp. the last scene -- horrendous)<br /><br />Three merits:<br /><br />1. Katsumoto<br /><br />2. The beginning of the first battle scene<br /><br />3. Some nice landscape shots (had to pull this one out of a hat)<br /><br />On balance, it is obviously a bad movie.
Edward Zwick delivers us a regurgitated version of "Dances With Wolves" only this time with Japanese culture instead of Indians.  The story line is very much like "Dances With Wolves" in the way that Tom Cruise makes a transformation from a "Bad Guy" in the beginning and becomes a "Good Guy" later on in the film as he joins up with the loyal Japanese samurai soldiers.<br /><br />The direction is poetic and confident.  Cruise is serviceable, but not memorable.  The real steal in the film is the acting by Ken Watanabe.  His character really moves and enlightens you.  There's an effortless grace that he posesses.<br /><br />I would recommend this film to anyone who likes sweeping epic dramas.
This is not really a bad movie. It is just that it is impossible to take seriously. The movie takes itself so seriously that the viewer is dispensed of the obligation. As for the subject matter, the thing comes off as a Gilbert and Sullivan opera gone wrong. A comic opera with no comedy. A set of characters move around in front of lavishly colored back-drops, say things to one another, asiatics murmur inscrutably and doll-like women tip-toe around like Fred Flintstone at a bowling alley. The only thing missing is the &quot;plinlinglinglingling&quot; sound of high piano keys to accompany their movements. What's that? You say I am being unfair? Again, I am not saying this is a bad film, it is just an humorless and a pointless one. It is not a dramatization of historical events, so... what could possibly be the point? It might as well depict some kind of Boxer Rebellion that takes place on the moon, wherin Buzz Aldrin, after being kidnapped by lunar monks, decides to throw in with them as they storm Apollo 11. The climactic scene is where he stabs Neil Armstrong through the space suit with a pair of geologists tongs and tries to burn the American flag in the the nonexistent lunar atmosphere. Who can care about a scenario like this?
In The Last Samurai, director Ed Zwick creates a beautiful epic that alternates wildly between almost over the top and just perfect. <p>Perhaps it was the effort to keep the dark balanced with the light that lead Zwick astray in the opening and closing scenes. Either way, the sad first and last impression we have is of characatures rather than characters. <p>What a shame that these weak bookends embrace such a solid middle act. Tom Cruise, as a recovering cynical ex-soldier Nathan Algren, does finally triumph, returning a solidly intimate performance. His interactions with the people of the remote villiage where he is kept, half prisoner half patient, are both touching and extremely pleasant to look at. Though almost painfully intimate, Algren's confrontations with and concessions to Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe), Taka (Koyuki), and the sons of the village are almost more epic in nature than the great battles that follow. Each face fills the screen just long enough to give us riveting portraits that are at once immediate and deep. <p>It is thanks to such artistry that when the final battle comes, with its emphasis on process rather than product, we believe and care about what happens.<p>Certainly this film is worth watching more than once. However, I'm not sure it will be one I'll remember a decade from now, and in that sense, it isn't quite epic.
yawn.....  anything happen?  no?  ok yawn....
Although I have reviewed this movie with heightened interest,<br />are the facts portrayed historicaly valid, and if so,<br />where can I peruse more profound articles on the Internet<br />that depict the Mercenary involvement between the United<br />States and Japan?  I am a Social Studies teacher and would<br />like to share this issue, if a true account, with other<br />teachers in my local area.  Please respond by e-mail at your<br />earliest convenience.  Thank you.
Beautifully shot  ~~,<br /><br />if only tom cruises character in this film could be,<br /><br />Its a good film.  But a few things really grate,<br /><br />1.  Cheapening of martial arts<br /><br />learning the art of the sword and unarmed combat in 3 months vs someone whose spent their life with it and he can draw that man in 3 months plz.<br /><br />wow the actor spent 8 months learning martial arts for this movie, he must be REALLY good in 8 months, like thats almost a year of training in martial arts, sword and unarmed combat.<br /><br />Silly me it only took me 10 years to study unarmed combat, im living in japan, and i still couldnt take on 5 people with swords. I must just be so stupid.<br /><br />Fact: guns kill people far more effectively than swords. It doesnt matter how much philosophy and dedication to training as soon as guns came around swords and unarmed combat took second place.<br /><br />3 months film time 8 months real time does not make tom cruise or his character a ninja capable of taking on 5 trained armed assasins, he being unarmed because he lost his revolver and didnt notice...yeah right.  That scene from Indiana jones comes to mind, sword guy meet revolver.<br /><br />2. Blatantly ripping off other films,<br /><br />19th century soldier with deathwish goes native and fights for the other side, man leading horse into pasture at the end, oh plz, and savage warriors charging a disciplined army, cough cough braveheart cough.<br /><br />3.  The man charges a row of gattling guns,um hello? people dont get up and act heroic after that. They just die, Thats the point, it was the pivotal machine for empire making of the late 19th century to early 20th.<br /><br />4.  Billy Connolly u cant do irish u might think u can but really u cant just play it real and scottish.<br /><br />this film is a 3/4 star, its an ok film, but honestly to give this 5 stars is a bit hopeful/woefully uncritical/written by someone with vested interest in selling it?
AN ARMY CAPTAIN [TOM CRUISE] GETS CAPTURED IN THE MIDST OF A BATTLE WITH THE CHINESE. EVENTUALLY, HE BEFRIENDS A SAMURAI WARRIOR [KEN WANTANABE] AND HE ENDS UP FIGHTING FOR THEIR CAUSE. THIS WELL-MEANING EPIC HAS EXCELLENT COMBAT SCENES AND GOOD ACTING TO SPARE, BUT IT JUST GOES ON TOO LONG. AND AFTER ABOUT THE FIRST 90 MINUTES OR SO, IT BEGINS TO GROW TIRESOME. BUT, IT RECOVERS TOWARD THE END. IF YOU LIKE THESE TYPES OF MOVIES, YOU SHOULD LIKE THIS. BUT, THE VIEWER SHOULD BE PREPARED TO SEE SOME EXTREME VIOLENCE WHEN WATCHING THIS.
Probably the best original historical movie, EVER.  I would even go as far as saying that it is the best movie i have ever seen in my life.  This is definately a must see, if not a must own.
I knew what sort of film to expect when I pressed play but this film I thought was quite poor, a huge let down. Anyone familiar with Japanese history would I think feel "is it necessary to make up a fictional character from scratch to give an account of when the samurai became obsolete as a class when "real" characters from history could be deployed?". If hollywood wanted to make a film about how the samurai mode of fighting was becoming outmoded then they could have used characters like Isami Kondou instead of Katsumoto.
I first saw this movie in 05 after everyone I knew who'd seen it said it was awesome.  However I had the exact opposite reaction to this movie.  Other reviewers have pointed out many ridiculous things about this movie.  Here are the ones I think are the most prevalent.<br />1. The historical and cultural reality of this movie is flipped to where the dwindling noble samurai are the good guys and the big mean Japanese government advised by the dastardly US is the bad guy.<br />2. The time it takes Tom Cruise to learn the "ways" of the samurai is extremely short, and the Samurai people he lives among, for the most part, seem to not have a problem with this outsider, despite their history of not accepting people outside of Japan.<br />3. It is in your face about the Indian Wars and the atrocities the "white man" inflicted on the Native Americans, and how US influence in Japan was evil and sinister in nature.  Not to mention it "corrupts" the culture that was once innocent in it's lack of industrialization and modern technology.<br /><br />another stupid thing that others have pointed out is how the samurai are portrayed as only using the archaic sword and bow, while the evil government uses modern mechanized weapons.  This is BS, because the Samurai had been using guns since the 1600s just like much of the world.  This is typical for movies like it.  The poor weak natives who are nice to the earth and use thing that don't do little to no harm to the planet, while the big evil bad guys don't care and whatever they want to the earth.  I'm not necessarily saying they did this on purpose, but it is typical.<br /><br />In closing, this movie sucks! It's an overly used storyline that is exactly like  Dances With Wolves, Avatar, ect.  The only difference being it's set in Japan. Even at 16 when I first saw The Last Samurai I abhorred it, and five year later I  still can honestly say the same.
In the 19th Century Japan became part of the world. For hundreds of years the country was ruled by a prime minister who had the title of Shogun. His rule was backed by a feudal system of armed nobles who had retinues of hereditory warriors called samurai. Samurai were of noble birth and trained in both warrior skills and an ideology of warfare.<p>The 19th Century saw the Emperor of Japan sieze power from the Shogun and to end the feudal system creating a conscript army and a modern navy. To do this he imported overseas advisors, Prussians to train the army British and French to help with the navy. The change to the power structure lead to a revolt of the samurai class upset at the loss of their traditional privalages. This film is about this revolt.<p>Being an American film the action is seen through the prism of an American officer. This of course is the first point at which we move into the land of fairy tale. At the time of the events of this film America had a small army of no great reputation. However probably Tom Cruise does a poor German accent. <p>Rather than being a drama about what happened the film is about the Tom Cruise character. That is a person who has had his soul destroyed as he has been part of a massacre of Indian women and children. This has turned him into an alcoholic who is drifting through life. In this film he is redeemed. <p>He is captured by the samurai in a battle and then kept prisoner in a remote village for the winter. In his time he becomes a convert to the samurai life style and decides to switch sides in the last epic pointless battle to keep the feudal system going in Japan. In this way he redeams himself and heal the pain of the massacre. He is also able to kill the American officer who commanded him to kill the native Americans. <p>The film is gratutously insluting to important figures in Japanese history. The emperor Meiji who was responsible for modernising his country is portrayed instead as a figure of self confidence and vision, as a dithering boy who needs Tom Cruise to help him discover the true values of his country. Cruise in talking to his feudal buddies the Samurai immediately takes on a leadership role planning the last idiotic battle and gives them tiresome lectures about the wars between the Greeks and the Persians. <p>The film is not only laboured and tiresome it is reflective of American hubris and is unhistoric in putting them at the centre of events they had no part in.
I am dumb  Truly dumb  I wish I had read more about the REAL 'Last Samurai,' Saigo Takamori , before writing this review yesterday. I retract my initial impression, retract a star, and absolutely do NOT recommend this insidious, slyly racist movie in any manner.<br /><br />I know there are many who will say, "Well, it's no different than 'Braveheart,' or 'Dances With Wolves.'<br /><br />Actually, it is. Utterly.<br /><br />In 'Braveheart,' they took a historical figure and made him the six-million dollar man - faster, stronger, better than before. William Wallace was pumped up to cartoonish proportions, and GIVEN more than he achieved.<br /><br />In 'Dances With Wolves,' the main character lived with the Native Americans and shared their lives...he wasn't put forth as influencing history and creating supposed historical fact.<br /><br />In 'The Last Samurai,' nothing gets accomplished by the Japanese without the influence, leadership and direction of a totally artificial, Caucasian character.<br /><br />History is stripped from those who made it, and placed at the feet of Racism. Remove that White character and his supposed 'accomplishments,' from the story, and nothing would have been done - there would have been no battle of Satsuma, Japan would have entered into a trade agreement with the US in 1876, the Samurai would be wringing their hands in the hills, wondering what to do.<br /><br />Revisionist History at its sneakiest, and most insidiously damaging, because it is not that overt.<br /><br />THe Fiction as I the dumb owner of the Crpgroup see it.<br /><br />Starring a miscast Tom Cruise as an alcoholic, wise-cracking, cocky washed-up ex-Civil War hero and former Indian Fighter who holds the rank of Captain in the U. S. Cavalry, `The Last Samurai' opens with a dream - a white tiger battling shadowy Samurai. The tiger is leader Katsumoto `s (Ken Watanabi) standard in battle, a line of semi-interesting symbolism that is abandoned not long into the story, once it is ham-handedly flapped in our faces that the White Tiger represents Cruise's character.<br /><br />Katsumoto is one of the Emperor of Japan's last remaining links to the old ways; the leader of the rebelling Samurai and in very real danger of losing his life, either via assasination or suicide. Emperor Meiji (Shichinosuke Nakamura) is hardly more than a teenager, and simply mad for all things Western. He wishes to know everything about the West, and will drag his own people, kicking and screaming if he must, into a trade alliance. The Samurai, being loyal to the Empire, do not wish to abandon the traditional ways of the ancestors. They believe in rebelling, they are doing the greatest service for him they are capable of.<br /><br />Meet Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise), a haunted man who drinks to keep his nightmares at bay, which only works somewhat. Once a celebrated Indian Fighter, he is reduced to promoting the new Winchester repeating rifles at fairs, until he loses his job after his latest oafish, dangerous performance. What is the Captain haunted by? Memories of slaughter, and bullets ripping through the bodies of Indian women and children, under the guise of military "orders".<br /><br />Enter Omura, (Masato Harada) The Emperor's advisor, aka Snidely Whiplash2. He wishes to hire Algren and his dopily evil former commanding officer, Colonel Bagley (Tony Goldwyn) to come to Japan, and teach the army there Western techniques, with Western arms and armament. In spite of the Captain's drunken rudeness, the offer is made and accepted, and off across the Ocean they sail.<br /><br />Upon arrival in Japan, after a nerve wracking audience with the young Emperor, Captain Algren sets out to teach the 'army,' which consists of mostly farmers and young men, who have never handled Western firearms before. He shows them a thing or two, which leads to the setup for the Captain to lead his raw recruits against the remaining Samurai, who are in rebellion against the Emperor's decision to open to the West.<br /><br />The Samurai handily trounce the recruits, badly wound, then capture Captain Algren, and whisk him off to the mountains because he's just that cool...this takes place in early Fall.<br /><br />By early Spring, Algren has become a better Samurai than the Samurai themselves, taught himself Japanese, become the new crush of the widow of a Samurai warrior he killed and become the father-figure to her sons, taught himself Buddhism, cured his alcoholism, and battled a veteran Samurai to a draw in a pitched match-up.<br /><br />(sigh)<br /><br />See Drunken Tom. See Broody Tom battle internal demons. See Benevolent Tom teach the childish Japanese army how to shoot effectively. See Tiger Tom hold off eight Samurai, with a stick. See Charming/Sexy Tom win over everyone in four months, from the widow of a warrior he killed, to the warrior's sons, to the Samurai themselves. See GI Joe Tom become proficient in Martial Arts, without being taught. See T2 Tom kick a bunch of Ninja's butts. See Patriarchal Tom and his new friends go back to town. See the Samurai get humiliated and imprisoned. See Father Tom rescue the hapless Samurai. See Wise Tom become head advisor to an ineffectual Katsumoto. See Messianic Tom talk Katsumoto out of the basic code of the Samurai. See Military Strategy Tom teach the Samurai about fighting (gag). See Action-Figure Tom lead the last stand of the Samurai. See Bullet-proof Tom get nailed repeatedly with heavy gatling gun fire...and not die. See Intrusive Tom steal Katsumoto's final honor.  See me ramble on and on about this great<br /><br />hyped movie. That I said I do like other elements of the movie, which contradict some of what I said.<br /><br />The battle scenes are excellent, the effects are spectacular.<br /><br />A big ol' bitch-slap to those who wrote this, like myself trying to rip the movie to shreads. Still I think its my own biased<br /><br />ego that prevents me from recommending the film just<br /><br />like recommending anything by people who like<br /><br />some of Tom Cruise's other serious work.
I happen to see this film tonight and for the life of me I can not fathom the near universal praise.<br />Let me start with Mr.Cruise .While Born on the 4th revealed he had some emotional depth and especially his work in Magnolia, in this film he is absolutely awful.He runs the gamut from A to B.The opening scene where he has to act "drunk" I  could literally  "see" him acting.The rest of the film he has a total of three facial expressions.One; the glowering warrior all squinting eyes and clenched jaw,noble,resolute and certain of his convictions.Two,the compassionate puppy dog either staring blankly at the widow or with supposed affection for her two boys.And lastly ,the Zen look where he visualises scenes of combat or contemplates the idyllic life of the Japanese peasants.<br />Why do so many American films have this obsession of placing caucasian males in usually exotic or third world scenarios where the White man has the duty to civilize the natives ,attract the native wenches and somehow be an apologist for Vietnam,slavery,the American Indians or any socially relevant cause.<br />This film is deeply insulting to the Japanese as it portrays them in the same old stereotypes.The xenophobic,emotionally stunted ,devious and insular Asian.<br />Beyond the superbly staged action scenes, this film is  just another one off the Hollywood conveyor belt in the tradition of "Genghis Khan" with the original "Top Gun" ,the Duke.<br />As i came out of the theater I couldnt believe that they still make this kind of rubbish in 2003.
He goes over to Japan to assert his Western superiority, learns some fancy swordplay but never becomes a Samurai because he's not as good as the Japanese. And all his Western battle strategies fail, so some of the Samurais want to kill him but there's this one well-respected Japanese Samurai who teaches him to be Japanese, houses him, clothes him, and treats him like a brother.<br /><br />So in a heat of battle when Tom can't hold his own against the enemy the Japanese Samurai has to step in to save Tom's life thus showing him who's the real deal.<br /><br />This samurai also gets all the Japanese women and they all hate Tom and treat him like the foreign freak that he is so he's lonely and ends up with Penelope Cruz, who happens to be a missionary teaching the Japanese about Christianity.<br /><br />But then Tom finds out that Penelope actually loves the Japanese Samurai who saved his life and is just being friendly to Tom out of pity.<br /><br />Tom is angry about this because he can't get any from the Japanese women or Penelope so he turns against this Japanese Samurai who helped him out through thick and thin and challenges him to a sword duel.<br /><br />So in the sword duel, the Japanese Samurai out duels him but since the Japanese Samurai isn't a killing freak, he stops short of killing him and gives him the ultimatum to leave Japan.<br /><br />So wounded, Tom limps towards a boat, then you see him mutter, "Friggin' Japs...." turn around and shoots the good caring Japanese Samurai in the shoulder!<br /><br />Unfazed, the Japanese samurai gets back up and charges towards Tom with his sword as Tom is frantically trying to reload his gun to light the fuse to take a second shot at the samurai. Just as Tom is about to point the gun in the Japanese samurai's face to blow it off, the Japanese Samurai slices the gun in half (fantastic symbolism of Eastern culture defeating evil Western culture) and delivers the deathblow!<br /><br />Finally, Tom is on the pier, bleeding to death and says" I...I just wanted to be like you...a brave, noble Samurai...but...but was to weak...forgive me...." and dies.<br /><br />Props to the writer at www.modelminority.com
The Last Samurai is a re-do of the 1990 borefest Dances With Wolves.  Once again, a formerly evil American U.S. Army officer comes to the aid of an indigenous people who are threatened by evil predatory U.S. imperialism.  At least that is what the filmmakers would like you to believe.<br /><br />Actually, the Japanese samurai were an oppressor class in their own right.  The samurai preyed on the peasants.  Eventually, as reformers took hold in 19th Century Japan, a new national army based on the peasantry was formed.  When the samurai rose in revolt against the reform government and attempted to restore their traditional privileges. the national army defeated them.<br /><br />The Last Samurai fails as both movie and history.  Avoid it like the plague.
I hate this film very much.  One of the worst movie I have ever seen.  The last battle field is totally ridiculous; yes, R-I-D-I-C-U-L-O-U-S.  All the samurai are killed (in such a way) except Tom Cruise (still alive)?!?!?!  How many people can survive such an attack (heavy open fire) if this was real?  I was amazed to see Tom Cruise walking into the Emperor Meiji's chamber and proudly presented himself as the last samurai the end of the film.  What the heck?<br /><br />This film should be -3,000,000,000,000,000 stars!  Grrrrrrr!!!
Yes I thought this movie was alright when I first saw it and I kept thinking that the story was vaguely familiar and then it hit me replace the samurai with Indians and Tom Cruise with Mel Gibson and you've basically got dances with wolves. this movie is a rip off and completely unoriginal.
Blu-Ray Disc is not a DVD...but, they are both DISCS!<br /><br />HD-DVD, which is DVD, is garbage!  It holds less than 15 Gigabytes on a single layer!  Blu-Ray holds 25 Gigs!  That's true high-definition!  The Last Samurai on HDDVD could have hardly any extra features because the movie would take up the whole space if it fit at all!  One LOTR movie would not fit on an HD-DVD!  Also, Blu-Ray made a disc that held over 30 Gigs on one side...but, didn't pursue it because they were almost finished with all their manufacturing with 25 gigs!  But, it's only time!  Besides all my facts that will in time grant Blu Ray the winner of this new movie format. The Last Samurai is great on Blu Ray!  Since I first watched this movie in the theater...I couldn't wait to watch it on Blu-Ray...I love this movie more...if that were possible!!
I thought the film itself was exellent.  Tom Cruise was very commendable is his role, and the action sequences were stunning.  Disregard my one star rating in that sense, and buy the film today!<br /><br />My problem is the fact that there had to be an American in it at all.  Will a film flop if there isn't a white face on screen?  Being a big fan of "The Seven Samurai", I was in awe when I discovered that a modern film about samurai was hitting the big screen.  My anticipation was short-lived, however, when I realised the film focuses entirely on Tom Cruise, and he just had to be AMERICAN!  He's even the sole survivor of the end battle, a battle which did occur, but he certainly wasn't there!  Why not have a British or Portuguese, or Dutch character (nations that all were thoroughly involved with Japan at the time) if there has to be a caucasian?<br /><br />This just reflects the shallowness of American audiences, I'm afraid...<br /><br />(I'll probably get negative responses for this review, but please don't misunderstand me.  I think Americans are cool!)
Samurai as good, honourable soldier who hold onto traditional value is like sharks in Finding Nemo who are vegetarian.  It is totally FAKE. Samurai are in essense ultra-loyal soldiers for Japanese Emperior.  Chinese and rest of Asia knows very well that these are people who kills civillians, children, women and anyone else if the Emperior ask them too.  Modernise or not is just the weapon they take up, not the mentality they have.  <p>I am so sorry and angry that Hollywood have continued to romantize the 'Japanese value'.  Don't you people knows Japanese soldiers were like NAZI in Asia in World War? Even worse, they never apologize for their wrong during the war. They portrait themselves as survivors of the atomic bombs, victims of the wars when they are the PREDATORS who invade other countries in the first place Why can they get away with this? That's because the West are so impressed by the Samuria code of HONOUR to realize it is exactly this code of unquestionable loyalty that cause so much suffering over Asia.<br />The Last Samurai may be an epic and Tom Cruise may have made Oscar worthy performance but would you honour a film portraiting how loyal Nazi was to Hitler or how English soldiers bravely killing Native Americans ?
"Not Real History But A Fun Fantasy Adventure", is a simple way to describe this movie. I was very excited to hear this movie was coming out. I have written several papers on the subject and not only admire Edward Zwick's other movies but I am a Tom Cruise fan as well. Unfortunately I was very disappointed in the movie, Tom Cruise was fantastic and the cinematography is beautiful but the film is almost completely "factless". America did open up trade with Japan but French and German officers trained the Japanese imperial army, They at the time had the best Foot soldiers. Also the young Emperor of Japan was not torn between the new and old ways, He instead was the driving force behind modernizing Japan as fast as it did, he saw the Samurai as one of the main reasons Japan had fallen so far behind. The Samurai that rebelled against the Emperor were considered "RONIN" meaning Samurai with no master, and sense Samurai means "To serve" they were despised by the Samurai that served the Emperor and were perceived as Dishonorable. The rebel Samurai also had full divisions that used Firearms, it was not the Bows vs. Rifles you see in the movie. And most importantly it was not the Honorable Samurai protecting the Peasant people from the heartless new way of the Evil imperial Japanese Government, quit the opposite is true. Japan had been divided for more then a century, the clans had known nothing but war. When the Shogun took power the Emperor was nothing more then a symbol and was never allowed to leave his Palace. The Shogun had the real power and the whole time it was most of Japan, the peasants and working class that suffered under the Samurai, They were Honorable warriors but only to other Samurai, ordinary Japanese were considered Less then Men and could be killed at the whims of the Samurai. It was the modernization of Japan that threatened the rule of the Samurai with the Shogun being forced to step down in 1867 and put the power back in the hands of the Emperor as well as the working class of Japan. Most Samurai saw this and surrendered the old way to the new seeing that The Samurai were obsolete, but the few that rebelled were motivated by Power, Status and Wealth that they were losing and not for the People of Japan like the film so badly suggests. This is a fun film if you watch it as a fantasy adventure with no basis in history. I give it a low rating because even thought both Tom Cruise and Edward Zwick admit that this is not what really happened but wanted to capture the spirit of the Samurai in a fiction film, I feel this is irresponsible and that this film dishonors The real history of Japan. I would like to add that the Chinese feel Honoring the Samurai and Japanese values is like Honoring Nazis and their way of life and I don't blame them for feeling that way.
This is the most upseting movie I have ever watched in my life. I was brought to tears long after the movie was through. And why people like this movie is beyond me. How is it that so many movies follow the same paths? The last of the Mohicans, Dances with Wolves, The hunted, The Mexican...I mean what's up? These movie really do ponder the white man's ego. How is it that at the end of the battle scene Tom Cruise is left alive while the rest of the samurai were massacred? How? Tell me. And how is it that Taka and her children fell in love with the man that murdered the most important man of their lives. And people claim this is such an amazing tribute to the Japanese culture. Thats to someone that is completely ignorant. First off, a person should already be proud of their heritage, and what great tribute is there? Sure they make the samurai seem like peaceful people, but why then is it that a foriegner that learned little in a few months was able to survive and become the last samurai. It was all BS. This was one of the most hurtful movies that I have ever watched in my entire life. And I pity anyone that thought this movie was great. I feel sorry for every culture out there that was ever massacred by the American films. A person will never truly understand until it hits them. How would someone like it if Uma Thurman was the Last Pinay, or Charlize Theron was the Last Indian, or Tobey Mcguire was the Last Mexican, or Eminem is the Next 2pac, etc. No one would like it one bit. I bet if somewhere in Asia they made some Asian man the Last of the Americans, everyone would hate it forever. Everyone would murder those movies. But no one ever stops to think about how hurtful such a &quot;wonderful&quot; movie can be. So next time you think this movie is so great and you think people are overreacting, ask yourself this, how would you feel if you were in their place?
The Last Samurai is a movie that erroneously glorifies Japanese history and some of its worst aspects.  Loosely based on fact, the real last samurai, Saigo Takamori, that this movie is based on was a terrible murderer who held tightly to an incredibly conservative viewpoint (translation: racist) and wanted Japan to wage war against Korea.  Later, it was this same superiority complex and "conservative" sentiment that ultimately influenced Japan to rape and massacre China, Korea and much of Asia in a holocaust campaign bested only by Hitler's Nazi Germany.  Fact:  JAPAN HAS NEVER APOLOGIZED FOR THE ATROCITIES THAT IT COMMITTED DURING WWII.  Fiction:  This movie.  Watching this movie and liking it is like watching a movie that glorifies Hitler and liking it.  Whatever floats your boat I guess.  <p>Another aspect that I find ridiculous is the notion that a samurai's suicide is honorable.  Suicide is 100% cowardice and completely void of courage or honor.  Saigo Takamori didn't get his way (invading Korea) and ultimately killed himself.  Sounds like an immature temper tantrum taken to the extreme to me.  <p>To die for another person or for one's belief is courageous and honorable.  Killing yourself for your beliefs because you don't get your way is just being a big baby and not being man or woman enough to face life and its trials.  ZERO stars here.
Well. I don't like Tom Cruise. I might actually go so far as to say he is my least favourite person ever. So immediately I was at a loss as to see what he adds to this film. Maybe if the actor was taller. He's so short. It's the quite literal worst film ever. I HATE IT! I HATE IT! I HATE IT! OK. So he goes around karating and samurai-ing. And everyone's like, Oh hell! It's the Cruise man. And I was like, oh HELL, LET'S WATCH SOMETHING ELSE! And Ryder was like, I'm still alive, let's not have a Potter incident. And I was angry with that, so I was like 'RAAAAAAAAAGGGHHHHHHH!!! DIE!' and I slit him good. He was out of it after that. Fool.
The story:<br />Tom Cruise plays Nathan Algren, a Civil War Captain, haunted by memories of Custer's raid, who is hired to train the Japanese army the western way with artillery to fight in combat against the samurai.  But one day in battle, he is wounded and captured by the enemy.  The strength and determination Algren shows in defending himself against the samurai fascinates the leader of the samurai, Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe).  Katsumoto begins speaking with Algren and learning more about him, and Algren finds himself slowly learning the way of the samurai and adopting the lifestyle of the villagers around him.  As the story unfolds, he begins turning more and more into a samurai and eventually winds up fighting for them.<p>The lowdown:<br />Edward Zwick, who made "Glory" directs this film with the eye of an artist. The entertaining film moves at a brisk pace, and it is always fascinating to watch Algren's character change as he sees another world in a village perched high on a mountain in supposedly "enemy" territory.  The film's beautiful colors and long shots, brought to life by the great John Toll (Thin Red Line), takes us to a world of another day.  The other highlight is the score by Hans Zimmer, one of my favorite composers (Black Hawk Down, Thin Red Line, etc.)  These two technical aspects help the film a great deal, and help draw us into the conflicting worlds of old Japan and new Japan; the artillery and the samurai sword.  The vivid imagery brings to mind the great films of Kurosawa; the heavy rain dripping down a thatched roof or two men practicing a duel on a field high on a mountain reminds us of "Seven Samurai;" the long shots of samurai colors and soldiers resembles "Kagemusha" and "Ran."  Tom Cruise does a fine job in the role of Algren, though I think another actor would have been more fitting, as Cruise is more of a modern and contemporary actor.  Even his voice is just too modern to be thrown into the late 1800s.  But still, he makes his character convincing.  The Japanese actors, especially Watanabe help the film a lot.<br /> With that said, this is a very good movie, but not a great one.  The film panders to  clich&eacute;s and Hollywood formulas too much at times, and the script is nearly not as deep as the visuals.  At times, Zwick seems to walk the thin line between being an artist and a hack.  The characters and dialogue are adequate, but not profound or heavily insightful like "Lawrence of Arabia" (an unfair comparison for any movie) or even recently "Master and Commander."  I mention these two films, because these are both grand epics that are as focused on their characters and conflicts as they are with action and battle scenes.  Deep character development is key in a story like this, because there are many conflicts within: A man searching for identity, a battle between an old and new world, a battle between cultures.  The film does not delve deeply enough into these matters, but it is still entertaining and at times even thought-provoking.  The battle scenes are well staged, but those who have seen a Kurosawa movie, specifically "Seven Samurai," "Kagemusha," or "Ran," probably might start thinking of those films upon watching this.  One can't help but think as grand and spectacular Kurosawa's colors and battle scenes were, there lay a heart, a soul, a deep meaning about life and people behind those epic canvas shots of war and blood.  There was a message about life in all of Kurosawa's films, and here a rather straightforward story is told in a clear-cut manner.<br /> There are quiet, reflective, and beautiful moments, such as Algren journaling his thoughts as he observes the Japanese village around him, or Algren adopting the way of the samurai.  And as I said before, all these scenes are fueled by great cinematography by John Toll and powerful music by Hans Zimmer.<br /> This is a flawed epic, but not a mess like last year's much anticipated "Gangs of New York."  "The Last Samurai" scratches the surface of the many great samurai films and Kurosawa's depth and is not as multi-layered as it should be, but there is enough fighting and entertainment to keep mainstream audiences content.  Nevertheless, the film is beautiful to look at, entertaining, well-done, and as I said before, has an amazing soundtrack (see my review of the soundtrack).  This is definitely miles ahead of a lot of garbage released these days and is highly recommended.
I am not a Tom Cruise fan.  In fact I think he is a bit of a nut.  But...after saying that this is a good performance for him.  While the plot is fairly predictable I think it is an interesting look into a historical time period.  A transition from an ancient tradition in Japan into the modern age.  I would recommend the film to anyone who loves history.
warner made another beautiful HD transfer.  I can't find another wrong, no grain anywhere.  Just a perfect crystal clear image from start to finish.  The cinematography will blow you away.  Would give this 6 stars if i could.  So far I find warner is the only studio willing to give HD addicts the best video quality possible.  Some studios just throw a title on blu-ray and expect us to say, thank you for releasing it.
Captain Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is a human wreck. He's been through the American Civil War and also fought against Native Indians in a murderous little war.<br /><br />He drinks to crush the horrible memories, but even that is failing to calm his tortured spirit.<br /><br />With little to keep him in America, he joins a semi-official mercenary force that goes to Japan to help the pro-West government put down a samuari backlash<br /><br />You'd think the new imperial army - armed with rifles and cannon - would be able to easily crush the sword-wielding warriors, but in his first encounter with samurai Algren's green troops are wiped out and he is captured.<br /><br />He survives and is taken to the last samurai warlord Katsumoto (Ken Watanabe) who wants to learn about the West "to know his enemies better".<br /><br />Initially reviled by the Japanese, Algren too is learning from his enemies and begins to appreciate their view on life and honour. When it comes time for his release he realises that perhaps the modern way is no longer his to follow.<br /><br />That pretty much sums up the basic storyline of The Last Samurai and while it can be compared with Dances With Wolves, it is more action filled.<br /><br />The fight scenes are superb and the battle scenes will have you on the edge of the couch.<br /><br />The characters are believable and throughout the movie you will form attachments to them.<br /><br />Cruise is at his best, while Ken Watanabe is sensational as the samurai fighting for his country's traditions and values. Timothy Spall also plays a wonderful role as a former British diplomat turned photographer.<br /><br />The Last Samurai is excellent viewing and will appeal to those who like beautiful photography, a good storyline and terrific battle scenes.
I guess everything that needs to be said about the actors, the set and the story has been said here, many times over.  .<p>My hat is off to the Japanese actors and the costume & set designers.  The atmospheric element in this movie is stunning; for example, the first charge of the samurai in that misty forest, is unforgetable.  I loved the ninja attack. This is one of the few recent productions in which the masculine is portrayed in a wholesome manner:  the warrior spirit, the camaraderie, the honor, and the respect for the inner peace that is brought by zen meditation practice, are brought out very well.  <p>While the script was IMO kinda clichey & mediocre, Cruise's acting was not bad and rather subtle for a scientologist  :)  Zimmer's music was predictably good (if less conspicuous as in, say, Black Hawk Down) and if you're into kendo or swordsmanship, well, you will want to see this film several times.
This movie is a very interesting look at opportunism, guilt and shame on the one hand and opportunity, pride and honor on the other.  The irony throughout the movie was a comparing of these things within two cultural frameworks.  The clash between the old world being encroached upon by a new world.  <p>The comparison between the opportunism of the US against the native American tribes compared to the resistance of the old world Japanese Samurai was fascinating to say the least.  The characters that were played by Watanabe and Cruise were very much linked through similar issues but from vastly different persepectives.<p>Cruise plays a US Calvary Captain (Nathan Algren) who is tormented by his past and when he goes to Japan on a mercenary mission to assist the Emperor's minions in defeating the last hold out of the old ways he is forced to see himself and the world he is from through a different lens.<p>The cavalier versus the discipline and strength of the Samurai are showed over again.  Algren goes through a metamorphasis of sorts.  It is a different look at the issues of east versus west.<p>At varying points in the film, Algren is seen going through a conflict in his mind that torments him.  He is seen running from and with this scene playing within his psyche at all times.  His torment reaches it's climax in his captivity.  That is where the story changes and a man is free.  <p>The issues that contain the ironies are things to look for, the western ways of expediency and convenience versus the eastern ways of patience.  Katsumoto (Watanabe) has a righteous anger, yet you need to listen carefully to his raging with the Emperor.....<p>Algren finds himself in a new world and a new mentality.  I was left to wonder if there is a metaphor regarding today's east verse west conflict.  Today, some of the west come to adopt eastern ideology and even side with those in conflict with their societies.  It seems more that Cruise is accepting a cause than anything else and releases himself from his torment.<p>The movie reflects a full range of emotion from sorrow, to anger to love and deep reflection.  This is rated R yet only for the violence and some language, there is no sex, no nudity and very little language and some of what is spoken is almost humorous.  Billy Connoly looks like John Cleese.  He has a few lines that come across funny to a degree.<p>Tony Goldwyn plays Cruise's alter-ego who stays in character throughout.  <p>The battle scenes, from the two larger battles to the one small skirmish are pictured very intensely.  I wonder if the scenes showing the battle between the Samurai and the newly formed Japanese army are really a reflection of the American Indian fighting the US Army in the great Indian wars.  It is from the same timeframe and to me it seems possible that the message was easier to get across so that it would be acceptable for those who are resistant to politically correct messages.<p>The basic story though is well thought out and well presented.  I would have rated it a 5 and many would do so as well, yet the "BraveHeart" type violence to me is getting a little worn thin.  The sheer violence of the small battle that ensued in Tokyo was enough to show intensity and bravado. The scene of hand to hand combat was appropriate and realistic.  I particularly was impressed with the intense desire to live shown in that scene.<p>The sensation of emotion is very intense in this film and sensationalism was not necessary for me.<p>I will watch this movie again and will add it to my wish list.
Brilliant performance not only from Tom Cruise but also from other Japanese actors &amp; actress. This is a relatively long movie last over 2.5 hours but you won't find a single boring scene. The Samurai's Bushido will really make you feel intense. The DVD comes with 2 discs. Movie is on the disc one and lots of extra goodies can be found from disc two. In addition to the regular features such as director's commentaries, making of the Last Samurai, and deleted scenes, etc., it also includes the Bushido's Way, Japan Premiers, and the 25 minutes documentary from History Channel: History vs Holloywood --- about what's from the real history and what's hollowoodized. Overall, excellent film, rich features!
The story focuses on a Civil War veteran named Capt. Nathan Algren ( Tom Cruise). He reluctantly agrees to train and lead an army of Japanese soldiers to defeat rebellion of the country's remaining Samurai. Unfortunately, Algren is captured in battle by the Samurai, and is held prisoner by them. The leader of the Samurai, Katsumoto ( Ken Watanabe), is interested in the American culture and wants to keep Algren alive to learn from him. As time passes, Algren comes to develop a friendship with Katsumoto. He also comes to embrace the Samurai way of life as well, and trains to become one of them, so that he can fight along side of the Samurai against the Japanese forces that oppose them.<p>With the acception of "Mystic River", "The Last Samurai" was my favorite film of 2003. For 2 1/2 hours, I was literally glued to the screen, and loving every minute of it. It has been quite some time since I have been that captivated by a film. The only downfall this film may have, is the fact that the story is almost a complete rip off of "Dances with Wolves". However, that does not make the film any less enjoyable. In fact, "The Last Samurai" is almost better. The story comes across as being much more dramatic and action packed when dealing with the Samurai. They have a deeper sense of honor, and their fighting style is much more deadly. Director Edward Zick did an amazing job of capturing every aspect of the Samurai culture, from the costume designs and simple way of life, to the weaponry and fighting style. The final battle between the Samurai and the Japanese soldiers is the best I have seen since "Braveheart". The Samurai are completely outnumbered, and still manage to put up one heck of a fight. Tom Cruise gave one of the best, if not the best performance of his career. However, the best performance of the film goes to Ken Watanabe. He was flat out amazing as Katsumoto and nailed every aspect of the Samurai warrior. The film's soundtrack and scenery are extremely beautiful as well.<p>Overall, "The Last Samurai" is an amazing film. Every aspect of the Samurai way of life is captured accurately, the performances given by the actors involved were amazing, and the final battle was incredible. Also, please check out the extras listed by Amazon for this 2 Disc DVD set. From the look of things, the extras are reason enough to purchase this film. There are deleted scenes, featurettes on the making of the film, a featurette comparing real life Samurai, and more. This is definately a bonus for myself and anyone else who appreciates the film, and the Samurai in general.<p>A solid 5 stars...
A disillusioned, alcoholic American soldier (Tom Cruise) hires out as a mercenary in Japan to put down the rebellion of a samurai leader (Ken Watanabe), but instead he comes to admire their ways and joins them in their struggle.  This is a deeply flawed film that nevertheless has many fine points to recommend it.  It is a rousing adventure with stirring battle scenes.  The photography, costuming, and production design are astonishing, presenting a convincing and fascinating portrait of samurai culture and Japanese peasant life.  The cast is mostly excellent, especially Watanabe, who should be remembered at Oscar time.<br /><br />However, there are two things that work against this film.  The first is Tom Cruise himself.  Although he does good work here, he just seems to be too lightweight as an actor to grapple convincingly with the issues of guilt and redemption that torment his character.  The biggest problem is the film's ending, which eschews an honest resolution in favor of Hollywood convention.  Nevertheless, the things that work in this film really work well, resulting in a entertaining and worthy feature./
I wouldn't say that this movie is some extraodinary creation - just typical well-done Hollywood production. In different backgrounds the same kind of movie was played already a few times. The fighting scenes are great. Tom Cruise is good. Japanesse background is exciting. The major points in the history are correct. I have only two complains. First, the fighting parties are potrayed in white and black: not everything was positive and romantic in samurais as well as their enemies weren't so bad always. Second, the ending was too much even by Hollywood measures. All in all, even it's not a masterpiece I still enjoyed watching it.
This movie is wonderful in Blu-ray and DTS digital surround. These formats were created for movies with great vistas and battle scenes, which abound here.  It's a movie about honor, bravery, nobility and redemption.  Along the way we have subplots including the clash of civilizations in 19th century Japan, a tender, thought-provoking love story, an action thriller and a buddy movie between the Tom Cruise character, Captain Algren and the Samurai warrior, Lord Katsumoto, played by Ken Watanabe, who gives a better performance than Cruise, IMO.<br /><br />I'm not Tom Cruise's biggest fan.  I consider him to be more of a movie star than he is an actor, yet I keep finding myself watching and enjoying his movies and this is my favorite.  He did a fine job in this movie, however. Not perfect but not much is. It was a difficult part, in that he had to convincingly portray a man going through major changes.  The redemption I mentioned, had to have been emotionally challenging for the actor. He did all his own stunts, btw.<br /><br />The direction, filming and editing is as good as anything you're going to see.  The Blu-ray transfer was excellent.  The sets, primarily in the Warner Bros lot in Burbank and in New Zealand were outstanding.  The extras were equally outstanding, with the voice-over commentary by director Edward Zwick going more into his emotional journey with the film far more than the usual "making of", although there's plenty of that in the extras as well.<br /><br />I gave it 4 stars.
A stunning story and modern classic!  Very well told and acted.  The sets were incredible!  The evolution of the main character was played out perfectly, and the story within the story couldn't have been better.  This is a cinematic work of art!
