One of my fav Chris Walken movies, Communion. Not a typical sci-fi or alien movie by any means but the kind I like. Based on supposed true alien encounters, but not promising to be real as the case with this new crap like The Fourth Kind. One of the last true great alien films of the 80s/90s era. The only other alien film I really enjoy besides this one is Fire In The Sky which goes along similar lines as this film. The story of a man who is abducted by aliens but hasn't realized/come to terms with it until he uncovers this truth in psycho analysis. A true wonder and definitely a defining role for Chris Walken.
Communion is a terrifically atmospheric sci-fi that scared the wits out of me. I found the scene in the woods with the lights to be all too familiar. I heard that Walken was and is a total non-believer. He's sure a great actor. When he was scared trick or treating I jumped out of my skin. Needless to say, I highly recommended this alien abduction movie that's based on the alleged true recollections of Whitley Strieber. Watch it and see if it rings any bells.
This is THE classic alien abduction movie. I remember while in High School a friend who actually believes in flying saucers dragged us all to see this in the theater. I was scared out of my pants the first half of the movie as Walken freaks out and keeps seeing aliens peeking around his bedroom door. Then latter we get to actually see the aliens, (rubber muppets on strings) and we get THE famous "anal probe" scene that was spoofed in the pilot of South Park. Anyone who loves a good horror flick, alien abductions, or creepy preformances by Christopher Walken....This movie has all three. A highly recommended 80's B movie.
The product quality is fine. I purchased this move to compare with "The Fourth Kind". Very Interesting similarities.
...watching Walken & Crouse is worth the price of the disc alone<br /><br />honorable mention to the kid and the 'lil blu guys<br /><br />"....you know how these things go...but all I can say is that Im glad this is not my bedroom....<br />so anyway, try to have a good night....OK?"<br /><br />Interestingly I have a 2004 105 min version PAL from Germany [Die Besucher]-is cut differently<br />and because of PAL 5% speedup that would mean the film would be about 110 min in NTSC land
After watching, you ask yourself, did this really happen?  Frightening.  Christopher Walken is always worth watching.
The movie closely follows the book some say its a hoax a lie or imagination.I say lets find out great story 80's dated style but an overall bizarre account
What an absolutely thought-provoking movie... period. Whitley Strieber's euphoric experiences shapes our lives in ways that we could never have imagined. Movies are almost always difficult to be made and expressed in the same way as are books, but the awesome Christopher Walken pieces it together in the most brilliant way. His acting is superb. To see Christopher Walken portray the full range of emotions that overtakes an abductee such as Whitley Striber is to see his greatest acting skills ever!<br />Make no doubt about it, Communion brings forth to the attention of everybody watching it, the fundamental questions of life that we have all been looking for.
Communion (Special Collector's Edition) (1989) was a three star production in this reviewers opinion.  Both Christopher Walken and Lindsay Crouse were excellent, but little else is noteworthy. I will say that the film had several near moments, but always came up short of what could have been done.
This is a movie about the true abduction experience of Whitley Strieber and his family at his upstate New York cabin. This is a really good dramatization of his experiences. Anyone interested in the subject of UFOs should have a copy in his collection. Highly Recommended!
Nothing to do 100 cartwheels over, but a reasonably enjoyable film.  Lindsay Crouse plays such strong-willed career women, and it was interesting to see her as an everyday housewife.
As most film adaptations of great novels go, this could have been better. There were a few pieces missing that I felt were very important in the book. This movie was more about the effect on the family and just what happened to Whitely.<br /><br />I will say though that Christopher Walken was a great choice. His reactions to the "visitors" are just classic.
Is Strieber insane. Or is he making this crazy account up to sell books and inspire films? I'll have to say yes to the latter. However, don't let that dissuade you from a creepy film like Communion. Although, the plot is VERY disjointed there are very distubing scenes. Have you ever felt like an alien creature was creeping into your bedroom as you slept? Well, you will after seeing a scene that depicts exactly that. Memorably disturbing scenes of this nature give this otherwise uninteresting film a decent shelf life.
I am a big Christopher Walken fan. I bought this movie along with The Dead Zone and I like him much better in that film than in this one. I 'do' like watching his "behaviour" in this film though. In his movies Walken 'is' very unique with regard to his physical presence and in particular his speech mannerisms. This makes him potentially compelling even in the midst of playing a character who isn't very interesting or performing from a dreadfully written script. I 'did' read Whitley Streiber's book when it first came out back in the eighties and remember liking it very much. I am disappointed that the film version is not as interesting.
This was a great movie; and introduced the dynamic acting of Christopher Walken to me.  It also scared the you-know-what out of me.  I must have seen this movie a dozen times and still get scared each time.  If you've ever had even a remotely similar experience as what is depicted in this movie, you'll be leaving the lights on at bedtime guaranteed.
it only had a hint or a flavor of the book. I actually read the book which is really good if you like freaking yourself out. The movie was nothing like it. The movie was just one of those weird 80s things
It truly mystifies me how there could possibly be any good review of this film. I read the book, became engrossed in it for days, and enjoyed it immensely. It kept me thinking for a full year afterwards. If you've had a similar experience with the book, be prepared for absolute and total disappointment with the film. It will entirely pollute that part of your mind that the book developes so delicately and will leave you feeling deeply frustrated and disappointed. Worse still though, if you see the film before reading the book, you will be driven from the subject entirely, too repulsed to give the book a chance, not to mention the topic in general. The 'visitors' themselves represent a new low in film effects, and appear to be, at best, discount inflatable puppets motivated by discarded animatronics. In total, I feel an urgent sense that this film does a terrible disservice to Whitley Streiber, shifting the story of his experience from a place of thoughtful contemplation into the realm of the comically yet absolutely disregardable. Trust me, stay away, unless you enjoy pressing the fastforward button on your remote with desperate intensity.
This was a complete waste.  Walken is good, but God what a waste!  I never finished Strieber's first book which had intrigued me.  But in succeeding books, he does nothing to prove anything.  He gives a tale of experience that borders on religion.  This horrible, suspenseless, and cheap film gives nothing to redeem Strieber nor his story as an unfunny joke.<br /><br />Maybe I shouldn't be so harsh on it.  After all I'm not a UFO reasercher or whatnot.  But I'm still human.  I still have opinions.  And my opinion of this is, yuck!
