It's great reliving the magic of Auburn's stunning 2010 season.  There are some great behind-the-scenes moments, locker room speeches, player and coach interviews, and game highlights in the main program.  It should be noted that the DVD only covers up through the SEC Championship and does not include the BCS Championship game.  The game reviews are also not accompanied by the game date and the final score of each.  It's a minor detail but would have been nice to have when viewing this DVD 5-10 years from now.  Also notably absent are any interviews with Offensive Coordinator Gus Malzahn, a critical component of the Tigers' success this season.  It's also apparent they were unable to get access to the broadcast version of the SEC Championship.  Highlights from that game are sideline handheld.<br /><br />There are some nice extras including player features on Michael Dyer, Josh Bynes, Lee Ziemba, Zac Etheridge, Nick Fairley, Wes Byrum, and Cam Newton and segments on Travis Williams (former player and current coaching graduate assistant), Kirk Sampson and College Gameday at Auburn, the Auburn Field Crew, the Auburn Hall of Honor, Bo Jackson (an individual segment and a locker room speech from this Auburn legend), the All In Pep Rally, and a locker room player performance of a team theme song this season.<br /><br />A must-own for any member of the Auburn family.  War Eagle!
This DVD is not quite what I thought it was going to be.  If you are looking for some high quality highlights from the championship season, this DVD might leave you wanting much more.  For example, that incredible throw that Cam made down the sideline 40 yards down field (AU fans know what I'm talking about) is not even on the DVD.  Really, it's more about the locker room before and after each game.  That's cool, some great footage that you probably wouldn't get anywhere else, but that's not really what I wanted.  I wanted the highlights of the season to be the focal point, and you don't really get that.
I am an Auburn graduate, and I believe this DVD sums up the 2010 Auburn season perfectly. It is something every Tigers fan should have in his or her collection!!!
My best friend & I were college roommates and sorority sisters at Auburn a few decades back.  We had been waiting forever for another National Championship.  I gave her this video and 3 others from last year's NC season, and she was over the moon about the birthday gift!
