This movie still lingers on my retina after many months. That is a accomplishment itself. The movie is dark, very dark, and not for the faint of heart. Its characters are extreme, yet somehow believeable - Christian  Slater is evil, Cameron Diaz is a b*tch, and the rest of the cast does a  good job as well. This movie also challenges what is considered funny. I  laughed, and yet - it was a guilty feeling, for you could not help but  question how you could laugh at this gruesome scenario.  And in the end, I  left the theatre quietly - disgusted and in awe.
The movie starts innocently enough, but as in every great dark comedy things go severely awry.<p>Who is next ? The only thought throughout the movie.<p>Acting is brilliant to say the least and story line has undertones  of Tim Burton, Stanley Kubrick and Alfred Hitchcock.<p>All in all a well  rounded movie, a definite must for all collectors of this genre.
Kyle (Jon Favreau of Swingers) is escorted off to Vegas by hisbuddies for a bachelor party that will have him in therapy for therest of his life.  When the drinking, drugs, and overall debauchery of Sin City kick in, a hooker and a security guard wind up dead. The downward spiral rapidly increases and their troubles follow them back to Los Angeles, where more havoc ensues. Leave your morals at the door for this one, folks. This is a belligerent, modern-day Woody Allen-on-crack movie, a comedy version of Reservoir Dogs that your parents would probably shut off in disgust after 15 minutes. But those of us with a seriously sick sense of humor will find the good in this blacker-than-black comedy. This movie pushes you to your ethical limits until you just give in to the badness. Don't fall too much in love with any of these characters-there's a good chance they'll be pushin' up daisies by the time the credits roll ...
This is one of those rare occaisions where I can read both the extremely good and extremely bad reviews for a film and understand where both parties are coming from.<p>Very bad things is, on one hand, a poor movie because it  breaks one of the commandments of plotting a film: Thou plot shall not  derive entirely from characters illogic and duplicity.  In other words,  Siskel and Ebert used the term &quot;idiot plot&quot; to describe a  scenario where the story would end in two minutes if the characters just  told the truth, which 99% of the audience would normally do.  Suspencion of  belief is something to be excepted in an exteralized conflict (even in  something as stupid as Independence Day) but in a situation where  everything hinges on an internal decision, that decision must be a  reasonable thing to do.  As I sat there watching Christian Slater reason  that they should hide the corpse in a desert, I knew that the reasoning  offered was not that of a believable character but a contriving  screenwriter who decided to make a character forty times stupider than  himself as a launch pad for the plot.  Everything that happens afterwards  is corrupted by the idiocy of the character reasoning in this scene.<p>On  the other hands, Very Bad Things, once the characters are out of the hotel  room is a hilarious send up of something though it is often very heavy  handed - a character throws himself in front of a moving car to protect his  minivan (why do minivans take so much abuse in today's anti-suburban  propaganda?).
Before I saw this movie, I thought it was a comedy. But this movie is so gory and there is so much violence that you shouldn't call it a real comedy. It is a thriller with some funny moments. <p>If you look at it  serious, you will probably hate it. But if you don't think about the  tragedy and the drama, then it's an enjoyable movie. <p>The performances of  the actors are great and there are some very funny scenes. <p>Good to see  once, but not twice.
First of all: if you want to see and enjoy - and laugh out loud - this movie, you have to get rid of your prejudices. This is more than a black comedy, but it comes to show actitudes of real people. Believe it or not,  I'm sure many women would be very close to do the same that Cameron Diaz  did in the film to achieve its unique objective in life: getting married.  But, if that kind of girls saw this movie, I belive they would review their  priorities. Christian Slater and Cameron Diaz are superb!
I don't think I've laughed so hard at a film since Pink Flamingoes.  My God...what an incredible film.  Superbly crafted performances, raw tension, and some of the darkest comedy this side of Sunday that would make John  Waters proud.  This was my favourite film of that year, the funniest film  I've seen in 20 years, and one of the best films of the decade.
Terrific, Funny, cynic, a great punch to the american dream and to Las Vegas city . Christian Slater in his best part : simply diabolic !  And Cameron Diaz is here a kind of a anti-Cameron Diaz able to do everything to  get married,... everything.... Wonderful!
You have to be in the right mood for this one,  Good Movie if you are!
This black comedy took me 2 sittings to get through it, however I am glad that I did - it is SO sick that it is funny.  The high testosterone level of the movie was irritating, ever for this male viewer, but heck - they were in DEEP and didn't really handle it all that well.  Saying that, there were some classic scenes of weirdness that I have just never seen before, making it worth the price of admission.<p>If you want something to shake you up and you are not upset by tasteless humor, this movie should be on your rental list.  Diaz is great, and all the 'bachelors' in the party-gone-bad are pretty good when their time comes, some better than others...  Slater was the big name, but he was just simply the scumbucket that all the others worked off of - and I enjoyed the 'other' performances a lot more.  <p>Give it a run through the VCR when this kind of urge hits ya...
it has an independant film feel like that of Payback...  and the writing style is not that unlike Donald E. Westlake (aka Richard Stark).  The film was dark, yet i laughed the whole time.  So who's opinion would  you rather read?  That of a film student who has a knack for great  cinematography, or that of someone who doesn't respect art at all??
This movie is a great example of comedy of the absurd.  Situations presented here are carried to the worst possible extremes.  This would be a worst-case scenario movie.  The movie keeps you watching out of sheer  desire to see how things could possibly get any worse.  And things do get  worse... Contrary to some of the reviews printed here, this movie is a  comedy.  It doesn't have it's roots in The Three Stooges or Keystone Cops,  but instead is firmly rooted in the same comedic base that made movies like  "Heathers" and "Death Becomes Her" funny.  This is often not an easy movie  to watch as it is graphic in nature.  The basis of the story is a group of  guys do one horrible thing, and spend the rest of the movie dealing with  the repercussions of that deed.  The movie puts normal people into a  genuinely horrible situation and shows what happens when they start  reacting the wrong way.  Strong performances by all of the actors involved,  especially Favreau and Diaz.  This movie is not for everyone.  At least  half of the people I saw it with hated it.  I, however, thought it was  amazingly funny.  If you like your humor a little on the grim side,  check  this film out.
all i can say about this movie is that it left me without words at the end, all through out  the movie it kept me rolling with laughter, you have to have a dark scence of humor to like this movie, for all those goody  people stay away cause you won't like it, this movie was made for the ones  that know the difference between real and unreal, all in all it was an  imaginative story....for those serious movie people remember movies are  just stories.
If you don't like dark comedy at all, you'll probably hate this movie like so many of the other reviewers. That's a shame, because Very Bad Things is just wicked, and that's what makes it great. I actually went to see this in the theater when it first came out. I was definitely shocked, and quite pleased, to see something like this as it was different than most shiny, happy people movies out there. I can't even think of another movie to liken it to. A group of guys go to Vegas for a bachelor party. Lots of drugs and partying, and a gorgeous stripper who winds up dead. It's purely an accident, and the group covers things up. Or so they think. But there's a lot of loose ends and loose cannons and the fun in this movie is watching them all get tied. Christian Slater is just wonderful and if you love him, you'll love this movie. I couldn't have been more delighted to find it for $5.50. The ending is probably the most disturbing of all, so for all those dark comedy fans, Very Bad Things is full of all the guilty pleasures that we love.
yes they have done some very bad things. great movie<br /><br />shocks you, scares you, thrills you, chills you, makes you laugh all at once almost. highly recommend this one. it's different roles for each character. and they play their parts part well. I was definitely shocked after seeing this the first time thru. I shall watch it again and again. the ending is nice. the story is very twisted at times. but I think it helps the viewer think of what might happen next before they show it. I am glad I have this on dvd. a true shocking classic movie. That goes to show you that when you do "very bad things" sooner or later your conscience will eat away at you for them and you'll either beg and confess or something else. quite a shock of a movie they made. but it's worth the watch always
I just bought this film on the recommendation of a friend. It is, by far, one of the most annoying films I?ve ever seen. Basically you get five guys yelling for two hours. The plot is transparent and the characters two-dimensional. I seldom take time to write a negative review but this movie is just so awful.
This was a good movie.  Not great, but well worth watching... when your mom is not around.  The cast is perfect and the comedy ensues as the errors compound, erupting in a final &quot;happy&quot; ending.  See this movie at least once.
I have never seen a movie that made me feel so uneasy as this movie did. I can't say if i liked it or not. I don't know if i would tell someone to see or not. It was unlike anything i've ever saw. It is by far not that funny, the cover is misleading. I guess i liked it only because it is so different. Good acting and directing. &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; type of movie, dark. Just keep telling yourself it's just a movie. Give it a try, just be warned.
Went to my video store looking for a romantic comedy to cheer me up but the proprietor insisted I take this out instead. I had no idea what to expect and was blown away by the energy and pace. From the first moment to  the last this film just kept on going without a let-up. I was exhausted by  the end - I can't imagine how the actors felt.<p>For a sick black comedy,  it had just the right balance of humour and gore, of callousness and heart.  Every role was perfectly cast and brilliantly played (especially Favreau).  If the idea of five guys trying to reassemble the dismembered and mixed-up  parts of two dead bodies doesn't make you laugh then this isn't the film  for you.
This movie had me falling down laughing,, I watched it with a couple of friends and they just looked at me in horror. Don't worry about the negative reviews of this movie JUST SEE IT FOR WHAT IT IS AND LAUGH AWAY!
I just had to put in 2 cents worth because it disappointed me that some people apparently aren't open-minded enough to notice how funny this movie is!!! There is a quite defined plot, the actors are great, and the comedy  is dark so expect nothing less, in short it's Funny As Hell!!!
What a horrible mess!  Despite a great cast, a great premise and a first-time, promising director, the movie fails miserably to succeed. It's like a terrible, missguided experiment in black humor.  Those in search for  a true black comedy should try Todd Soldonz's &quot;Happiness&quot;.  Those  who think that Christian Slater's role was a good &quot;Jack  Nicholson&quot; imitation, should take a look at &quot;Heathers&quot;, and  those who think Cameron Diaz was truly wicked, should watch &quot;The Last  Supper&quot;.  'Nuff said.
If you enjoy watching people scream, fight and kill through an entire movie, then you'll love this one.  If not, don't bother.  No redeeming value whatsoever.  I'd give this negative stars if I could.
that could condone the production and marketing of a film like this. I'm convinced that eveyone who gave this film 4 stars or above also ordered Time Life Books &quot;Serial Killers&quot; for some reading enjoyment on a rainy day. Lets face it, this movie represents a very sick scenario that when it actually does happen in real life, the perpetrators get the death penalty or life in prison. I would like to see the people who laughed through this movie, or proclaimed it as brilliant do the same after it actually happened to a member of their family. You people have way to much time on your hands.
This movie would have not been half as funny without Cameron Diaz. I Love Cameron'^s ideas for the wedding( like John-John Kennedy), She's very convincing. But there is a little too much dead people, God bless them, thank God, Diaz doesn't die( oufffff)
I dont know why everyoen thinks this movie is so graet. I saw it once and it was about a bunch of idiots who didn't know to kill the idiot who kept teling them to murder people, just becuse he liked that.<br /> The guy who was getting married shouldnt have let hsi friends hire a prostitue, and then, they shouldn't have done drugs. I had a friend who did drugs but he didn't kill anyone. That I know of.<br /> Finaly they killed the idiot, but only after nearly everyone else was dead. Then that stupid woman the guy was marrying wanted him to kill his friend and the DOG! What kind of sick person would want to kill the dog? It never murdered anyone or slept with prostitutes or did drugs. The dog should have been the hero of the movie. I forget what happened to the dog, because I stopped watching the movie there and went to get a drink. Anyway, this movie is something that only a murdering, raping, dog-hating druggie would want to watch, over and over. I'd rait it zero stars but I cant.
It would seem that in Australia we have more relaxed censorship laws. I was sixteen when I saw this movie and loved it. And I was not alone. There is a very large teenage market for black comedies (American teens are  deprived). Some sexy women can act, and Diaz is one of the best. This is  not to detract from the rest of the cast, there is nothing but good things  in this movie. My only criticism is that the ending could have used some  extra thought. Other than that it is so funny, so original, and so deserves  four stars.
I was surprised by the majority of the reviews of this movie. I watched it and laughed the whole way through and half the people on this site thought it was disgusting. I'll grant them that it was gruesome at times, but no worse than some of the other movies out there (Braveheart, Gladiator), but to say the acting was bad? This is perhaps one of Christian Slaters best perfomances, and Cameron Diaz was great too. If you can't realize that this is just a movie and just sit back and enjoy it for what it is, then don't bother. But if you're into &quot;Black Comedies&quot; then you owe it to yourself to watch this.
I really took to 'Very Bad Things' when it came out in '98, and as I watched it the other day with a friend (having not seen it since its run in theatres), I found that I still esteemed the crazed entity with unique fervor.<br /><br />I think what's most commendable about 'Very Bad Things', at least for a person like myself, is that this was actor Peter Berg's directorial debut.  Not for its technical virtues, which it does possess, but because Berg created a picture of such grim ferocity, holding back so little and, most dangerously, for entering the directing world with a product that, by its neccessity, was going to receive near unanimous criticism for its "distaste".<br /><br />Here's the thing... Despite the sensationalistic way the film approaches the most horrific of circumstances, I find 'Very Bad Things' almost brings about within me a sense of empathy because, all in all, the five main characters in the film -- a group of old friends -- are not bad people.  Seriously -- how many groups of genuinely decent guys take to Vegas for a buddies' bachelor party?  Furthermore, are they inherently despicable because they're getting loaded, snorting cocaine, and generally acting like crazed little boys the night of the event?  Oh, but one of them is pounding a prostitute -- if none of the other characteristics qualify at making someone evil, surely this one must.  Well, not for me.  By and large, these guys appear as likable middle class schmucks, stuck as so many are within a half-baked life.  Where many find them unlikable without hesitation, I empathize because they are all flawed; once Favreau's soon-to-be wife is introduced (played bitingly by Diaz), it's hard to view him as much more than a pathetic noodle, completely subserviant to the witch behind the beauty.  Then you've got Piven and Stern, playing two dichotomous brothers with a general disdain for each other's personality complex; Piven lively but lost, single and apathetic towards his career, probably acting a bit younger than he should be, while Stern, by contrast, is responsible but neurotic; an uptight family man who's no easier to respect given his Life's accomplishments and anal behaviorisms. Leland Orser's reclusive, enigma of a shy guy doesn't offer much to look up to, and Christian Slater's demented complex made up of a handful of self-help books is easily the most pathetic of the five.  Basically, these guys are all normal in some senses but completely deprived in others, and before the night that begins their descenting journey into madness, none of them, in my eye, could be judged as despicable with any justification (okay, so maybe Slater's could, judging by the real estate selling scene). By the film's fateful  climax, I was pretty fond of the entire group.<br /><br />And so, then, you've got the premise, in my mind; an awful accident occurs in the hotel room in Vegas, and a prostitute is no longer living.  Thing is, it wasn't anyone's fault, unless you are seriously to blame Piven for the act (as if the prostitute wasn't responsible for taking part in the circus act); simply a devestating accident.  Yet, because of the nature of how the system tends to work, an accident that could still prove to bring down more lives as a consequence.  Perhaps if they weren't all coked up, their decision making abilities might have steered them in a better direction.  Nope -- they were high as a kite, and scared as an abandoned baby.  Essentially, from that point on we see them make one mistake after another, usually out of survival instinct, and by no means the rendered act of will.  And so ensues suffering and paranoia for all, reaching a snowball effect until the film finishes.  If you ask me, if these guys weren't relatable or capable of likelihood, the film wouldn't last beyond the intial moment of chaotic hysteria... but it does.<br /><br />Throughout most of it, the film expresses a nice emphasis of exaggeration, and that lends some comedy to the dire consequences that proceed. But, as many have said before me, 'Very Bad Things' doesn't really seem like a comedy.  Slater's character, with his outrageous justifications for their nasty acts, comes as the highpoint of the exaggerated comedy. And yet, it is surely no drama, in the sense of melodrama at least.  Rather, it's just a detatched, furious account of bizzarely interesting but fatal situations of, up 'till this point, people who've never encountered such fearful, life-altering experiences.  Combined with Berg's energetic direction and, overall, impressive, convincing, intense performances -- wavering between seriousness and comedic (my favorites being Piven, Stern, Orser and Diaz') -- the whole thing is just ashamedly entertaining.  It just is.  What else can I say?<br /><br />I think highly moral people might shun the film, but anyone with a knack for fatalism oughta really dig 'Very Bad Things'.  The abuser only abuses because he was abused.  While this might be seen as cowardly, I think we all, at least secretly, view many things from such an angle, especially if events as such hit us or those close to us. Indeed, we are all at the whim of the great magnet who, in this case, just happened to cause the asian hooker to slip on the wet bathroom floor, letting her head gracefully plow through the towel hanger on the wall.<br /><br />It's dark and it's twisted.  It's ugly, for sure.  I myself have no issues with people disliking it, and will at least claim not to judge them for it.  I just hope that those who are in fact repulsed can at least attempt to understand why some may like it, and not judge them in the unrelenting way many seem to judge the film, which sometimes seems to near the likes of being possessed by a demon.
by Dane Youssef<br /><br />Well, now here's one that feels like doesn't just feel like another machine-made piece from off the assembly line. Here is a movie that feels like it has it's own ideas, thoughts, edges and all.<br /><br />The studio execuives didn't dig their claws into this one, sucking all the nerve and originality out of it just to make it inoffensive and more filt for mass consumption.<br /><br />All the more making this a move that's really worth seeing for those who don't like movies that just connect-the-dots and paint-by-numbers. In other words, a movie that desperately needs to exist. And be seen.<br /><br />A bizzare combo protein-shake of black comedy, thriller and horror show, this is one of those Slow Saturday Night cult films that the weirdo clerk behind the counter is always personally recommending for those customers who ae kind of like his pals.<br /><br />"Very Bad Things" is a film that plays out like a worse-case scenerio. One of those movies that puts a group of relative people in a situation where everything that can possibly go wrong... does. Hopefully, with results that translate to a good movie.<br /><br />I found the movie to work on multiple levels. As an angry, aggressive, and assertive male-bonding comedy. As a thriller. As a white-knuckle, nail-biting action film. As a nightmare.<br /><br />Writer/Director Peter Berg remarks he came up with the idea for this movie when he was at a bachelor party and saw the rowdy and over-the-top behavior from a lot of the other guests. These guys were looking for trouble, he said. What would happen if they found it? More than they could handle.<br /><br />The movie is all-over-the-map, but I like that about it. Berg sets up some cynical suburbanites and their rowdy behavior and puts them in several life-or-death situations, which despite what many say, is thrilling to watch.<br /><br />Christian Slater gives the strongest performance as the devil-may-care Robert Boyd, a man who seems to have no moral threshold. We never doubt his actions for a second. Slater knows how to play this character as plays him to the hilt.<br /><br />Daniel Stern plays his usual nebbish. From the "City Slickers" movies, the "Home Alone" movies and all his others, he's appropriately nervous and uneasy--especially after what's occurring right now. There's are massive murders bobbing up and the body count is still rising.<br /><br />Cameron Diaz is also effective doing an evil turn on the wedding-obsessed loon she was in "My Best Friend's Wedding" as a woman who doesn't care about anything else but having her big day. As far as she's concerned, the guests and the groom are secondary. She nitpicks and she bullies and berates. Many guys see this as the epitome of the woman who's about to have her big day.<br /><br />Jon Faverau isn't as "money" as he's been in other roles, but maybe that's because he's supposed to be the straight man. He's a little too straight. Too stiff. You kind of wish they had spiced him up some more. He appears to just be in shock and going along with the flow most of the time, like a tag-along.<br /><br />The movie plays out as a dark comedic thriller and at times a morality tale. What I like the most is the anarchy of the film and the performance of Christian Slater and especially the different ways the men and women in the movie react to him.<br /><br />Watch for his scene with Tripplehorn when they go one-on-one. The homages to "Good Fellas" and "Reservior Dogs" are cute and memorable too.<br /><br />Like I said before, this is a must-see for anyone who hates generic, paint-by-numbers movies. If this sounds like your cup of tea (and it damn well should), you're someone after my own heart. Then THIS is a must-see.<br /><br />Next time you're at the video store looking for a movie with huevos that hit hard (but don't worry, not down there exactly)...<br /><br />danessf@yahoo.com<br /><br />http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendid=58175682<br /><br />http://movies.yahoo.com/mvc/mymovies
Be warned, this movie is seriously twisted.  If you're not into dark comedies or just don't get that kind of humor, don't watch this movie.  I loved it.  Jeremy Piven and Daniel Stern are awesome, Christian Slater is solid, and Cameron Diaz is halfway decent.  This movie should be required viewing for any man before his bachelor party.  Just a downward spiral from first to last and absolutely hilarious to those of us who are sick and twisted.  I can understand why some of the reviewers didn't like it--just not their cup of tea.  It's a solid effort and one of my all time favorites.
I just saw this film, and I must say what a good film.  Much better than the usual bubblegum fare you see people like Cameron Diaz in.<p>The only downer is that it seems a little bit like the Danny Boyle film Shallow Grave - also about a group of friends who do whatever it takes to get and stay ahead who end up going crazy and being totally paranoid with each other.<p>Note Shallow Grave was released 4 years before Very Bad Things.  So I think some Hollywood exec saw that film and decided to make an American black comedy based on a similar premise.  However I do recommend both films for anyones insane collection.
Christian Slater, Jeremy Piven, Jon Favreau,Daniel Stern and Leland Oser go to Vegas and have them selves a bachelor party with a sexy stripper and then it turns out that she turns up dead, also a security guard too. bummer. they get rid of the evidence and take a pact that they wont tell anyone what really happend. but bad habits surface close to Favreaus wedding and Stern flips out and ends up dead. Janeane Tripplehorn suspects some foul play and then she ends up dead, with Jeremy Piven. Christian Slater goes bezerk and attacks Leland Oser and Favreau at the wedding. Cameron Diaz kills him or at least she things she did, but Oser actually kills him by making him fall down a flight of stairs. dark and sometimes comical, this one goes way to dark and ends up somewhat of a thriller more than a comedy. the comedy ends up coming back at the end. not the most worst film of all time but it had some moments. Berg did an ok job on this but it runs out of steam along the way.
Black comedy... are you kidding me.  This one is just a little too over the top to really fall into that category.  But just the idea of it is great.  It's every woman's nightmare.  Her man is on the way with his loser friends to Vegas (much against her protestations) for a weekend of God knows what.  Of course you have the classic different personality types.  Some ultra conservatives, some guy always looking for an angle, a guy who thinks he's much cooler then he really is, and then the guy in the middle who just so happens to be the fiance of said woman (Cameron Diaz)<p>Now throw in the fact that the woman is just an overly uptight and insecure [person] and you know that all manner of mayhem is on it's way.  But even I couldn't have imagined the lengths and depths to which these guys would go.  The film is just a little to ridiculous for real enjoyment.  But nonetheless you'll get some great laughs from it.  And if your friends are anything like mine I could really see all of us as the characters in the film.  <p>Worth a look just don't expect shakespeare (although) you could almost think of it in terms of a greek tragedy.
I am a Christian Slater fan, and thought this movie would be funny.  Well, it was...sort of...but I wasn't expecting a dark comedy and, because it's really not my thing, I probably wouldn't have chosen to watch it had I anticipated it.  However, if that is your cup of tea, I would have to recommend it as it is a well done movie with a good cast, good acting...but somewhat disturbing...
This movie is not a comedy ITS A DARK-COMEDY! You have to see it for what it is not what you want it to be. this is for all you "one-star" raters about this movie.
Normally, I wouldn't like a dark comedy like this.  I ended up watching it purely by accident.  I was actually surfing the net, the tv had been left on, and this is what came on next.  I found myself continuing to look up at the movie and the next thing I knew, I had moved to the sofa and watched the entire thing.  Having never heard of the movie before, I didn't even realize it was a comedy til about a half hour in.  Everything goes so horribly wrong and you can see how the two slightly normal, decent guys get swept up into the cover-up that continues to blow up in their faces.  I gasped out loud more times than I could count, and then cracked up.  Every couple of years, I dust it off and watch it again and it gets funnier each time.  There are at least 10 classic lines in this movie, from Cameron Diaz "I will not be common" to Christian Slater "I am the Lighthouse" and my favorite "I want to hear the truth, and I don't want to hear it from the LIAR"  When they are all leaning on the bathroom door, each characters face and behavior is priceless.  We all know people who embody each of the personalities of these characters.  The eager to please but still immature groom, the somewhat shallow, wedding obsessed bride-zilla, the hard working, serious minded suburban dad, his screw up brother, and the party boy, lying, jerk friend of our hubby that will never grow up that we can't stand and wish would just go away.  Also, the drunk/drugged up friends who are so deep, brilliant, cerebral and worst of all, sentimental when they are gorked out.<br /><br />I know Hangover was the breakout comedy of the year, and it was funny, but I have to say I watched this again last night and laughed til I teared up.  I can't explain it.  It is horrible really, VERY BAD THINGS they did, but there is true cosmic justice, and after all, it is just a movie, for entertainment, not some movie to learn any morals from.  Obviously, the things they did wouldn't be funny in real life.
About ten years ago, I saw this movie on Comedy Central, absolutely loved it, then forgot about it until Owen Gleiberman mentioned it in a recent-ish issue of Entertainment Weekly.<br /><br />A lot of people want a feel-good movie when they watch comedies, and Very Bad Things is exactly the opposite.  I really feel terrible, sort of depressed even, after watching it.  But this is definitely what you would call excellent film.  If you want to see distilled essence of the victim story, this is it.  Excellent performances from Cameron Diaz, John Favreau and Christian Slater.  A must for film buffs.
As many other reviewers have stated, I would definitely not call this a comedy (not even a dark comedy).  This was much more of a dark drama.  However, I will have to disagree with everyone who has said that the acting is poor.  I think that Christian Slater did a fantastic job in his role, and the other big name actors and actresses were surprisingly good with what they had to work with.  I think the plot was interesting, but not fantastic.<br /><br />All in all, if this movie was marketed as a Drama, it would have gotten 4 stars from me.  I just don't think it lived up to its reputation as a comedy.  The movie itself is good if you let yourself get over the initial shock over the lack of humor, and I will definitely watch it again (and will probably enjoy it more now that I know what I am getting into).  Still a good buy, just be prepared for what it is.
What distinguishes black comedy from it's more mainstream counterpart is the element of the macabre and disturbing.<p>"Very Bad Things" is one of the more disturbing movies I have ever seen--it can be physically uncomfortable to watch the movie, but fascinating nonetheless. Perhaps the prime example of this is the early scene in the movie with the hooker and the man who inspects the noise.<p>The plotline is an interesting concotion. Five friends attend a bachelor's party in a Las Vegas hotel, wherein the prostitute hired for their entertainment is accidentally killed whilst having sex with the brother of the groom. From there the movie spirals into a mess of murder and chaos. The characters exhibit great depth as they attempt to cope with their acts and the attempted coverup, while the act of murder destroys them both inwardly and outwardly, as the tightly-knit group of friends begin to violently turn on each other.<p>There's a notion of either supreme cosmic irony or karma (depending on your point of view) as the last scene fills the screen.<p>Human complexes come to the fore throughout, from Carmen Diaz's unstoppable and insane need to go through with the wedding at whatever cost, to Christian Slater's ego-driven lust for power to the point where power and control is a death urge. In the process, the frailties of each person become absolutely hilarious. The function of humor serves two goals in this movie: to keep the audience from nausea and despair, and to drive home the point that the lengths people will go to protect their own interests in the face of all obstacles and against all morality is ultimately a destructive drive that also from a God-like perspective seems so ridiculous that it's just downright stupid.<p>It's no accident we don't feel sympathy for any of the characters except perhaps the one who seeks to repent and the initial murder victims.<p>The film is an indictment against us for acting this way--driven by power and greed, self-serving animals that are guided entirely by our own peculiar mental illnesses. When we seek to protect ourselves within the framework of a social group, the will of the group will retract to it's originators--the group becomes a mass of self-serving beasts running at conflicting aims. Death is the only result. In moral terms when we perpetuate evil, we invite it in kind for the very simple reason that like attracts like. Karma, baby.<p>I'm not sure this was the original intention of the movie, but this is the way I read it. Ultimately it's a fascinating movie that has three levels of appeal: to begin with, visceral comedy or intellectual stimulation. But the problem with this is that these two are often mutually exclusive. The third is an absorption in the one without the expense of the other. Approach it in your own way, but remember that its comedic aspect is no less important than its thematic one.
This movie was pretty darn funny; it's also very very harsh.  After a hooker is accidentally killed, many people die and others are unhappy. Needless to say, I enjoyed it.
On the subject of this intensely love-it-or-hate-it movie, I am torn between absolute revulsion at the most disgusting, morbid movie I have ever seen and the fact that I laughed for about ten minutes straight at the end.  When the guy stabs the security officer and they shove him into the bathroom and we have to listen to his screams for mercy as he bleeds to death, we must wonder: are we supposed to be laughing or ralphing our guts out? Nevertheless, chances are you will laugh.  But it probably won't be when the whore gets a spike shoved through her head or when the boys get out their power tools and separate the dead bodies into easily transported cubes.
I was drawn to this movie because it was billed as a &quot;dark comedy&quot; I thought that meant that it was supposed to be funny, at least on some level.  But, it wasn't funny (darkly or in any other way).  It was not suspensful because it was predictable.  It did however feature a  very hip cast... except for Daniel Stern and Leland Orser who provided us  with the extremities of acting (overacting and no acting).  This movie  reminded me of the late HBO series Tales From the Crypt, minus the  cryptkeeper.
This is a well designed movie with an interesting story.  Maybe a little gory in parts.  Then again maybe it is supposed to be.  Any way it keeps my attention.  What was so weird was they keep it in the realm of "this could really happen."<br /><br />I have run into a few people like the part that Cameron played.  I could see this years from now on something like Mystery science theater 3000, with lines like "she got hung up" and "he was stuck for the drinks."<br /><br />For real, this was a chance for the people like Christian Slater to be their selves.  If you do not think this is a good movie, try "8 Heads in a Duffel Bag" with (Joe Pesci, Andy Comeau, Kristy Swanson, Dyan Cannon, and George Hamilton).  Alternatively, maybe "Eating Raoul" directed by Paul Bartel.
What a wonderful ocassion it is when one can stumble upon an underated movie and get a chance to share it with others ( I played it to my friends and they loved it). Very bad things is a dark satire that has no cliche  whatsoever and keeps the audience on their toes as to the next adventure or  even scene. It moves with a rapid pace through the events of a messed up  bachelor party and its severe consequences.  I loved the way the characters  each percived the event and the way each reacted to it. Terribly wicked and  dark, I love it !
The opening scene at a very wild bachelor party in a Vegas hotel room is the movies hook.  After being shocked into submission by this scene you will not be able to turn the movie off (try as you might) The remaining  scenes are less interesting and pointlessly violent yet increasingly  insane. Cameron Diaz also throws some extra &quot;spice&quot; into the  movie and over-all it makes an excellent movie for someone who lives in a  boring suburb to watch.  But prepare to be shock to a degree that you will  remember every scene the next day. Especially shocking to women.
In general I approve of black comedy.  &quot;Theatre of Blood&quot; is a favourite of mine, for example.  I thought &quot;Fargo&quot; was great.  VBT, however, does not work for me as entertainment;  I think this is for  one very simple reason:  the plot centers around the murder (or  manslaughter) of a prostitute by a hopped-up John, and this -- wake up  folks -- is not fantasy but something that happens every goddamn day all  over the world.  I have heard that the cops in LA and NYC don't even start  investigating the deaths of hookers till they reach double digits per  month.<p>So, umm, a bunch of rich white guys killing a hooker and then a  black security guard just doesn't strike me as unrealistic enough to be  funny.<p>This is a fantastically misanthropic film;  the only person with a  conscience gets killed off only half way through, and though in the end the  bad guys get what's coming to them, it hardly qualifies as a morality play.  There is no one you can like in this cast of characters.  The writing and  directing has a cold and depressing quality; the general mode is one of  deep contempt for humanity, a sort of vicious post-Swiftian accidie.<p>The  only bright points for me were its uncompromising illumination of just how  stupidly grown men behave when in packs, and (here I'll give it four stars)  its cruelly accurate dissection of the selfish amorality behind most  popular &quot;self-help&quot; pseudo-philosophies.  Slater makes a truly  demonic villain, but again he is just a bit too real to be comfortably  hilarious -- I get the feeling that there are people just like him running  many major corporations :-)<p>It's true one can have more than enough of  trad Hollywood feel-good fare, but I think VBT is not the right antidote.  It has the Tarantino disease, a kind of cold creeping nastiness that offers  sadism in place of wit and blood-n-guts shock value in place of any real  originality.  See it for Slater's virtuoso performance -- it's a classic,  right up there with Peter Lorre at his scariest and funniest -- but don't  expect to feel cheerful afterwards.  I felt like I wanted to wash my face  and hands after it was over.
