As a teacher and a relatively new resident to Tulsa, I am struck by how segregated this town is.  I first learned about the history of the race riot when reading up on my new hometown.  As I got to know people living here and learned how "swept under the rug" this event has been over many decades, it became clear just how important this event was in defining subsequent race relations in the city.  This film tells that story with clarity, focusing not just on the accounts of the events from 90 years ago, but looking at the continued contemporary impact of the riot on today's very segregated city.  My five-star rating is based on the powerful message that this film conveys - that events from the past, particularly those that are violent or oppressive (and most likely to be intentionally obscured), shape the present in ways that may be uncomfortable to confront.  Tulsa's race relations and continual segregation are still realizing the effects of this event from nine decades ago.  Some viewers undoubtedly will critique the argument presented by some interviewees in the film in favor of reparations.  While that is a complicated and controversial topic (How can those of us who have inherited a system created by an oppressive past make it right for the present and the future?), the fact that these filmmakers ask such a challenging and complex question is even more reason for all Tulsans to watch this film.  Consider the facts of our current situation (one need only consult a map of census data to see how black and white this city is) and the available facts about the race riot (which, while fuzzy on some accounts, include indisputable primary source photographs and documents of the absolute annihilation of the black community by an angry mob of whites).  The questions that naturally arise from consideration of these facts are ones that these filmmakers are unafraid to ask.
I wasn't even aware of the Tulsa race riot in north Tulsa in 1921 until in recent years some element tried to get reparation for this horrendous event, nor have I ever heard of the clan operating in Tulsa in these times or in all the years I've lived there. The general public would not tolerate that outrage, so if they're around it's hidden well. The climate you portrayed in the documentary of separation is not accurate. African Americans live, work, and succeed in every part of Tulsa. There is always going to be the poor and disenfranchised, and those who refuse to work or live responsibly, but there are plenty of good families who have lived in north Tulsa with honor and integrity for generations, and they are the ones who suffer the most for the bad element who thrive in north Tulsa neighborhoods.<br /><br />One part of Tulsa's story that was misspoken by one of the African American speakers in this documentary is that the African Americans are forced to assimilate into south Tulsa by whites. If they want to go to a grocery store or patronize other types of nice stores, or malls, then yes, they have to leave that particular neighborhood, and unfortunately there is a good reason for that. Grocery stores will not locate in the area, especially deep into the north, because they cannot guarantee the safety of their customers, or risk losing their businesses and livelihoods, very possibly their lives, to repetitive robberies and arson. Black on Black crime in north Tulsa is endemic. A mall and grocery stores in years past were robbed so many times by north Tulsa thugs that even African American business owners will not relocate there anymore. One hears the same stories from people who live in places like Watts or south central LA where people have rampaged, rioted, looted and burned their own neighborhoods, including African American owned businesses, and then complain that no one will rebuild there and they have no grocery stores. There is a good, hard working population there, but even they are afraid of the criminal element with entitlement fantasies that have churned out generations of welfare breeders in the numerous projects and run-down neighborhoods full of  blight and boarded-up crack houses. State and city agencies have built projects and allowed Section 8 housing in some of the nicer areas of Tulsa, such as Midtown and South Tulsa, which has since seen much higher crime rates and a feeling of fear in some old middle class areas. I have lived in midtown, south Tulsa and Sand Springs for 32 years, and have seen the safety level and some of the old neighborhoods deteriorate. This is equally hard on the educated and honest African Americans who have worked hard to better their lives and have chosen to move out of the north side, or never lived there. Part of the north side, in the Greenwood area narrowly aligned on the border is coming back with some art galleries, restaurants and pubs.<br /><br />It's a bad situation for the honest population, but until black leaders and much of the general north Tulsa population who expect government handouts quit blaming whites for all their troubles, and quit accepting the culture of drugs, gangs, and irresponsible layabouts who think everyone owes them a living, will this area and others like it prosper again.
