In most Tom Cruise movies, he is in earnest, with his Julia Roberts smile often carrying the day.  It is to his early films that the viewer must turn to see him enjoying himself.  In COCKTAIL, director Roger Donaldson shows a side to Cruise that seems to have disappeared shortly after the release of this movie.  Cruise is a bartender who hooks up with fellow bartender Bryan Brown in what at first seems to be a buddy movie.  The chemistry between the two is palpable with Brown as the sage guru of alcohol and Cruise as his quick study grasshopper.  Had the movie limited itself to that level, the result almost certainly would have been more of interest with Cruise taking on the George role and Brown as Lenny from OF MICE AND MEN. Enter rich girl Elizabeth Shue as the romantic interest for Cruise.  She tries mightily to generate sparks but she is overshadowed by the male bonding between Brown and Cruise.  <p>What makes this movie sizzle is not the plot, in whose predictability one has seen dozens of times before, but in the dazzling melding of song and surprisingly competent acting by all concerned, especially by Bryan Brown, who shows one happy side to the world but does not permit anyone to see the darker layer underneath.  In a film that is clearly designed to appeal more to a music hungry audience than to a critic who seeks traditional ways to judge a movie, COCKTAIL stands as a vastly entertaining movie that, if you delve beneath the color and noise of a throbbing musical score, you will also see a film that has a few enduring comments about the need of one man to find respect from his peers even if it means that this education comes at at high price.
The seasoned bartender, Doug Coglin, has to be the funniest character of any 80's movie made. (Even though he doesn't intend to be) If he's so experienced and knows all the ropes, why's he behind the bar at a TGIFriday's?! And his constant 'know-it-all,' English, mentor tone dialogue is classic. &quot;Beer is for breakfast around here. Either drink or be gone...&quot; So quotable.<br />The other funny part of this movie is the fact they're 4 deep at the bar and it takes these guys 10 mintues to make one drink! Who would go back to that bar?!  Classic 80's 'style before substance' film.
Tom Cruise stars as a small time want-to-be-rich bar tender who goes down to Jamaica to start his own bar and meets a girl named Jordan (Shue). They fall in love and some problems occur. See what they are. The movie is about love, friendship, care, and comedy.
Another Tom Cruise 'slice of life' film in which he plays a budding bartender. You can't go very far with that synopsis. All budding bartenders eventually realize there's more to life. This is like the characters from &quot;Midnight Cowboy&quot; with credit cards.
I have to give this a okay rating.  It was not a terrible movie but it's nothing ground breaking or great.  I was mostly interested in this movie because of the drinks.  The acting and dialogue can get pretty bad in this movie.  But if you enjoy a &#34;bar film,&#34; this is not a bad one.  Considering it's from the 80s, it is a good movie but there are other bar films that top this.
The performances by Tom Cruise, Brian Brown & Elizabeth Shue are very good, the soundtrack of the movie is excellent.
This is a christmas present to our sons.. I have been doing christmas shopping early.. I wanted them to have the movies that they wanted and to get the movies at a great price always use amazon to get them.. i always use GoHastings or MovieMars or Amazon.. they do great at product price and the quality and the shipping is great..
It was purchased as a gift. I recieved it on time and in good shape. What I remember from the movie it's a good flick.
GREAT MOVIE  PERFECT SOUND AND  PICTURE  GREAT MUSIC  GREAT STORY  A PERSON FINDING OUT  HOW TO BE SUCESSFUL IN LIFE  THAT GOING TO SCHOOL  ISNOT ALWAYS THE ROAD TO TRAVEL  THAT  PEOPLE  GET OUT IN THE  WORLD AND GET  THE HARD NOSE BUSINESS EXPERIENCE YOU NEED EVEN IF YOU START IN THE MAILROOM OR A FILEING  CLERK  IN  COLLEGE PEOPLE DONOT GET FIELD EXPERIENCE  THAT WOULD  SECURE THEM A JOB  JUST A BILL  FOR ATTENDING THE COLLEGE
Have you ever watched a group of people from afar do something that is completely ignorant and stupid, having the time of their lives and thought, 'morons'! Who hasn't? Seems there's always some fad, be it a dance, a commercial some idiot repeats over and over or something else. I've come to think Cocktail is like that and, oddly, I'm on the side of the stupids. We Cocktail fans get it. We know this isn't Earth shattering stuff. It deserves all the Razzie awards it won and then some. The dialogue is corny, pointless and mostly absurd. The situations are absurd. The mugging never stops. But, nonetheless, we like it the way those people loved the Macarena, or line dancing, or 'obsessed girlfriend' or Nyan cat or whatever other crazy fad came and went.<br /><br />Why do we like it? I can't speak for everyone but I think it's a bit of an escapist movie. We KNOW upfront it's going to have a happy ending without too many bumps. We know there's going to be a happy couple. We take a little tour through late 80's NYC AND get to go to beautiful Jamaica. It's a bit of a vacation of sorts and that's what I feel when I watch this. I ZONE out. I might even pop a Twizzler in my head. Actually, I'd love to invite all my friends over and throw a great big Cocktail party where we watch the movie and get stupid drunk. It's THAT kind of movie.<br /><br />Don't hate us. Just keep your eyes open for your own 'Macarena' and if anybody knocks it, well, maybe they'll catch the next party boat.
Always liked this movie from 1987..Tom Cruise and Elizabeth Shue are great in this film..Always liked it and a good story!
A great love story with a happy ending.  I love the way they handle the bottles, such a hard an act to do! Love when they do it together.
Viewed: 5/12<br />Rate: 4<br /><br />5/12: Cocktail...*shakes my head* Now, that's what I call a "bad, bad, bad movie." It's a good thing that Tom Cruise had many impressive films in the 80's and early 90's, and Cocktail is considered more of a skip in the heartbeat. Doug Coughlin was so full of crap that I think the suicide was a great idea for him. I mean, how preposterously impossible was that for him to marry a rich chick like that? Then, he had money like as if he was the Wolf of Wall Street. Brian Flanagan's annoying character served no purpose except to reveal how much of a snake he was. I mean, his brains were just a bag of rocks, ain't they? Elizabeth Shue...Elizabeth Shue...Elizabeth Shue...had a great knack for turning movies into pieces of rubbish; no question about it, she is a terrible actress. Leaving Las Vegas was more of Nicolas Cage's one-man show. At least Gina Gershon's character did the right thing: becoming a cold-hearted person and backstabbing Brian by making out with his friend and dumping Brian flat out in a second. He sure drank a lot during many scenes; alcoholism in the works? I believe it's well-documented that bartenders tend to suffer brain damage (smelling too much alcohol all night long daily) after working in a bar for so long. No smoking in these bars...hard to believe. Oh sure...New York City is darned cheap to set up a bar! On the other hand, Tom Cruise had a great tan going on in the picture. All in all, Cocktail is a horribly cheesy film with terrible and corny lines. I think the reason why Cocktail is watchable is because of the many bottle throwing moments (called flair bartending; in other words, pointless skill).
Very good item very good movie Great shape nice movie liked alot must see<br />watching fun seen in the past but fun to see again
This movie is totally entertaining. I am very much surprised that it has been rated 14% in rotten tomatoes.<br />Its Soundtrack is incredible specially Run For The Shelter of Ur Love nd Wild Again.
"Cocktail" is a film that contains a lively narrative with notable modern day thought-provoking philosophy. Brian Flanagan (Tom Cruise) is ambitious and wants to make millions, but he learns his greatest lessons behind a bar whilst supporting his studies. Veteran Bar Tender Doug Coughlin (Bryan Brown) teaches him more than any academic can with his "Coughlin's Law" philosophy to life. Coughlin scoffs at Flanagan that his business school text books "dangle but don't deliver". Flanagan also has a few catchy lines of his own when he breaks up with his older woman love interest and says, "If it didn't end badly it wouldn't end". It's a solid film where friendships are tested, and Flanagan's business and personal growth is stimulated by the world around him.<br /><br />Nicholas R.W. Henning - Australian Author
What can you say great movie came as described. Still got it like 3 years later.
Cocktail was an entertaining movie that probably didn't have some of the commercial success as some of the other better known Tom Cruise movies but it was alot of fun. Great music and a very realistic look into the bar/nightclub scene back in those days. A good date movie and ofcourse Tom Cruise and that  million dollar mugging. Maybe not the strongest storyline in the world and kinda jumps around a bit but still an entertaining hour and a half.
I'm not a huge fan of Tom Cruise, but I think this is probably his best movie in my opinion. This is the right role for his cocky attitude. This is a great 1980s movie too. It has a lot of the themes from that time period. Of course the movie is probably most famous for the bottle-spinning slick bartending and banter between Cruise and Bryan Brown. It's almost like two great movies rolled into one. One movie is the whole get-rich decadent 1980s scene and the other is a halfway decent romantic movie. All of the acting is great, and most of the dialog is sharp. This is a movie you can watch over and over and it never gets old.
My boyfriend really wanted to rent this movie, but we could not find it anywhere-- so I went ahead and bought a copy here on amazon. I didn't know what to expect, my boyfriend was a 'flare' bar-tender while in college (he does those amazing stunts while making drinks).<br /><br />Anyhoo. I can typically figure out the plot, the intended morals of the film- and most all the corporate sponsors of a film in about 15 mins of the start. This one was much more difficult-- it portrayed the way, I am sure many, 20-somethings feel when getting into the 'real world'. What to do with your life, how to get there. The lead character starts down one avenue, the military where we begin the movie. Then he goes to the big city imagining life at the top only to realize he will need some more education to get there. Gets into school, but needed employment. He stumbles into a bar where he learns very quickly the skills of the trade. Sleep deprivation and his own idealism screw him over in college.<br /><br />So the character still has a goal of getting to the top and creates another idealized plan for getting there without a degree. His partner betrays him as a way to teach him a lesson about love *cruel, but... you'll see* So the hero of the story continues his plan for success alone. Life is great, if not lonely. He meets a girl. *awhhh*<br /><br />The cruel partner shows up again... but he's a gold digger now! And gets the hero into trouble again... *hearts get broken*<br /><br />Plot shift again... totally new lifestyle, but the hero remains faithful to his plan of getting to the top (very '80's movie). But more heartbreak, a death and a few fist fights later he learns lessons about money, love and friendship... *cue cheesy music* the things that really matter in life.<br />----------------------------------<br />SPOILER ALERT!!!!<br />--<br />----<br />------<br />--------<br /><br />Over all the movie was fine, but if you think deeper than the average movie viewer you will note that they sugar coat the true economic hardships of living in the city as a student; and completely ignore the issue of alcoholism as a disease. You will get annoyed by the fact that the partner of the hero can always manipulate the hero by 'betting' with him. And unplanned pregnancy is completely glossed over as something that happens with no options available to the woman... and the man is not expected to participate-- or even be aware-- of the pregnancy or the child. However because he does want to be in the woman's life he is a hero, and of course just because they spent a few sweaty nights having unprotected sex on a beach they will have a satisfying marriage in the city... regardless of the fact that he is a bartender/owner of a dingy bar, regardless of the fact that this woman was the daughter of multi-millionaires who was disowned because she stayed with the Hero of the story. Not to mention that they are expecting twins... and that she hangs out while pregnant in a smoky bar (but hey it was the '80s).<br /><br />I realize that I was born in '84, and I don't entirely understand the ethics of the decade-- but there is so much more to being successful in life than being idealistic. However I imagine it did help him that he was attractive, white and male... I would love to see a sequel to this film:<br />-- The Hero of the film becomes absent, alcoholic husband/father, bitter because he's too old and too tired to keep up the fantasy that he'll 'make it one day'.<br />--- The beautiful love interest, now overweight, depressed and resentful of the man that got her knocked up in the first place, then got her disowned by her rich family; and of the children that made her loose her figure.<br />-- Plot twist involving low-income housing, AA, Jenny Craig, child protective services, welfare and food stamps... maybe an extra-marital affair!  Oh the possibilities are endless.
Just a great favorite of mine from a while back.  Always loved Elisabeth Shue!
not sure what the problem is, or if its even the fault of the actual dvd, but the picture quality is pretty awful.  its grainy, and dark.  i get a better picture when im' watching something on regular tv, on a station that is NOT HD.  other than that, it was delivered quickly which was nice, just the quality has bummed me out a bit...
I really like this movie, cause it shows the pains of being a single adult.<br />Plus some of the stupid mistake we make as adults, and sometimes we almost miss our one true love.<br />Cruise is great in this movie as a guy going to college and a part time bartender.<br />I rate this a 5 of 5 stars!!
I bought this for my wife ( I swear it )I never watched it, but this is one of her favorites. if you like Tom cruise and the 80's type movies you'll like this one.
It's ridiculous how many times I have come across this movie on a weekend on cable and watched it.  I can never tire of this movie, maybe it's the get rich quick schemes the Charlie is trying to cook up.  I can envy how Charlie can get over a break up and move to Jamaica to bartend on the beach.  This movie is a classic for me.
Cocktail delivers the goods not only do you have the irresistible Tom Cruise,but its a fun movie..... Tom plays a young man from New York trying to start a new life and ends up one of the hottest bartenders in the club scene.... While bartending he ends up falling madly in love with Elisabeth Shue.... The movie has a great story and a awesome cast and of course its from my favorite era the 80's..... Like i said its one of my favorite Tom movies!!!!!!!!
Now we all know at this point that Tom Cruise is a little odd and not exactly a brain trust, so it shouldn't be too surprising that he chose to make this awful piece of trash after becoming a pretty big star. But Bryan Browne? The terrific Aussie actor from FX, A Town Like Alice and Breaker Morant? He must have been desperate for cash. Poor guy - He went back to Australia not too long after participating in this hideous venture.<br /><br />This movie is both unintentionally hilarious at times, and really just plain bad at others. I saw it at the movies with my husband and we both agreed at the time that it was a real stinker. The script is atrocious and completely unrealistic.<br /><br />If it smells like a bomb and it looks like a bomb, guess what, it's a bomb!  A big smelly bomb. Only watch Cocktail if you've consumed several cocktails yourself!
... I thought I was in for a turkey, but found myself watching a pretty decent flick. Yeah it's poorly made and the camer crews shadows can be seen in a few frames, but it is still a pretty good movie. Tom Cruise plays an ambitious young man who arrives in New York City and becomes known as a flashy bartender in a hot club. After falling for Elisabeth Shue's girl-next-door character, however, his desire for success causes him to travel down a more selfish path with an older woman. The film, directed by Roger Donaldson, is built on entirely on appearances and flash. The more interesting and underlying themes, however, particularly the hero's obvious Oedipal dilemmas, are lost beneath this window dressing, as if everyone involved was afraid to commit to the story's intrinsic value. All in all, unless you're a die hard Tom fan, there isn't much here for you, but if you just don't have anything better to do I suppose it's okay to watch, you know on those days where there is nothing on t.v. and it's raining outside.
Just like Pretty Woman this would have to be one of the most overrated and overhyped movie ever made. Watching this movie calls for an immense 'Suspension Of Disbelief" which I could not quite accomplish. Tom Cruise plays a bartender who encourages everybody to "take a shot". The drunks in this movie are all terribly well behaved. There is no date rape, no violence and nobdody loses their luch after consuming a few too many drinks. It is not that often that you see a movie gloryfying Alcoholisms . I give this movie 5 stars because sadly it succeded in making a whole generation of youmg men think they are just as good looking as Tom Cruise when they are drunk.
This movie is one of those sublimely awful movies that should be savored line by line, wretched moment by wretched moment.<br /><br />As truly awful as "Plan 9 From Outer Space."<br /><br />So awful it's terrifying at first, then mesmerizing, then strangely exhilirating--I mean, can people really conceive of something THIS bad?<br /><br />The "Best Worst" Film of the entire 80s, by a long shot.
If you don't know what I.Q. is, but if you did, you are sure you could count your's without takeing off more than one shoe ( only if you are sure ) you may enjoy this film.
As an undergrad I saw this at a free showing on campus and still felt ripped off.  This film had shallow characters, a non-existent plot, and terribly weak acting per dollar required for the stars ( even if it was early in their careers this is the sort of thing that would never have gone to the theaters without a big name to hook to it and if it had been straight to video would have had minimum wage actors, that latter would not have diminished the outcome.)  While the film does touch on some serious human issues, deire for the brass ring, the lure of infidelity, class conflict, ect, it deals with it on a three year old's level of understanding.  Tom goes from being a moronic but ambitious child playing in someone elses sandbox to being a moronic child with his own sandbox and a wife who will flee as soon as she realizes what she has gotten herself into.  Save your brain cells and don't ware out your gag reflex.
God what a turkey! But it was the 80's afterall.
Brian Flanagan(Tom Cruise) plans with his middle-aged buddy Doug(Bryan Brown) to open a cocktail bar Cocktails &amp; Dreams. He studies bartending at a community college. The professor(Paul Benedict of TV's The Jeffersons) threatened to fail Brian after making a harsh comment. At his first bartending job,while fresh in college,Brian doesn't toss around the booze and glasses like novice bartenders do. As his skills improved,Brian had the patrons singing,&quot;Addicted To Love&quot;,the late Robert Palmer's hit song. While on holiday in Jamaica with Doug and Doug's new bride(Kelly Lynch),Brian meets a pretty girl named Jordyne Mooney(Elisabeth Shue). Jordyne's girlfriend passed out on the beach after a champagne binge and a sunbath. Brian saved the girlfriend's life. Brian and Jordyne are romantically involved until Jordyne catches Brian with another woman,this one wealthy like Doug's new wife. Doug made a bet that Brian can't hook up with a wealthy woman. Brian accepted the bet since it was a dare. When Brian visits Jerry's Deli back in New York,where Jordyne works as a waitress,Jordyne drenches him with various entrees. Brian showed up at Jerry's to apologize to Jordyne for hurting her,but had no chance to do so. So Brian goes to Jordyne's penthouse apartment where he meets her father Richard(Laurence Luckinbill). Richard offers $10,000 to &quot;get Brian out of Jordyne's life&quot;. Jordyne's is now pregnant with twins and Brian is the father. Brian tears up Richard's written check(&quot;This is how hung up on money I am.&quot;). Doug wound up drinking himself to death on a vessel. Brian returns to the Mooneys' apartment and proposes to Jordyne. At the newly opened Flanagan's,Brian and his new wife are toasted by Brian's uncle,who himself owns a tavern. Director Roger Donaldson subsequently directed 1990's CADILLAC MAN.
Can't remember seeing a movie this bad in, well... ever.  Tom Cruise's Flannagan can't get a job in the biz world, so starts tending bar at what's evidently the world's most swinging TGIF restaurant.  There he meets a shallow, woman-hating bartender named Coughlin who teaches him Coughlin's Laws of How to Treat Women Like Dirt and End Up Pathetic and Alone.  In the end, happily he (Coughlin) dies.  Flanagan, meanwhile, ditches his sweet new girl Elizabeth Shue for some "rich chick" (in his lovable words).  Then he gets bored of the rich chick, finds out he got Elizabeth Shue pregnant, gets spooked by aforementioned pregnancy, kicks a stuffy doorman in the buttocks, proposes to nice pregnant girlfriend, finds out it's gonna be twins, almost gets spooked again but doesn't, recites horrible poetry, and finally tops things off by yelling "The bar is open!" in a high-pitched puberty-like squeal. Yay for happy endings.
Whatever were they thinking when they dreamed up this one!? What's next, a movie glorifying busboys??
This movie brings back so many wonderful memories of my cousin, sisters and I singing along, just being silly! Great movie...one of the VERY few roles I think he did well at: it let him "channel" his ADHD!!! Great though!!!
