This third series of Inspector Lynley Mysteries finds Detective Sergeant Barbara Havers (Sharon Small) demoted to Detective Constable on account of her assaulting a fellow officer with a flare gun, as you may recall from "Deception on His Mind", the last film in Series 2. Detective Inspector Thomas Lynley (Nathaniel Parker) is now a married man, but his wife, Helen Clyde (Leslie Vickerage) is in the background in all but one of the films. As is common to Elizabeth George mysteries, these stories revolve around the sordid secrets of dysfunctional families. Fans of the Inspector Lynley novels observe that the Sergeant Havers of the films is essentially a different character than that of the books. The differences are more pronounced in Series 3, as some effort has been made to make Barbara less frumpy with respect to wardrobe and makeup. Inspector Lynley's longer, tousled hair and more laid back attire may or may not increase his sex appeal, but they make him seem less aristocratic.  I find the films in this Series to be about equal in quality, but it is important to watch them in order.<br /><br />The four films in Series 3 are "In Pursuit of the Perfect Sinner", "A Traitor to Memory", "A Cry for Justice", and "If Wishes Were Horses". The films are each about 90 minutes long. Fans of the Inspector Lynley novels will notice that "A Cry for Justice" and "If Wishes Were Horses" are unfamiliar titles. They're not based on books. Elizabeth George has given the BBC permission to use her characters  in original movies for which she has script approval. Six films not based on her novels have been approved thus far, so we will be seeing at least 4 more of them in the future. For those who are nervous about the direction the films are taking, I quote Elizabeth George from a Washington Post online interview: "The BBC knows where the characters are heading. We are in contact. I read the treatments for the episodes and then the screenplays as well. I comment on them and control what happens to the characters on film." I have to say that the tone, style, and themes of the 2 independently conceived episodes match the episodes based on books very well. But "If Wishes Were Horses" stretches credibility more than the other films.<br /><br />"In Pursuit of the Perfect Sinner" investigates the frenzied murders of a young couple as they were camping in the countryside. The dead woman, Nicola Maiden (Emma Willis), was the errant daughter of a retired vice detective (Timothy West) who believes she was killed for revenge by someone he sent to prison. Her companion, Gerard Cole (Tom Lawrence), was an artist whose relationship to Nicola is unclear. Inspector Lynley requests that Constable Havers be excused from street duty to assist him is researching Mr. Mayden's old cases. But Havers doesn't take well to desk work and enlists a boisterous young Constable Billy Slavin (Al Weaver) to help her look into neglected avenues of investigation. Havers' breaches of discipline make her relationship with Lynley antagonistic for the duration.<br /><br />"A Traitor to Memory": Havers decides that she prefers resignation from the police force to demotion. Inspector Lynley tries to convince her to stay by involving Havers in the first murder investigation at hand, that of Mrs. Eugenie Martin, who was run over several times while crossing a street on rainy night. Simultaneously, across town, her son, acclaimed violinist Gideon Martin (Patrick Kennedy) ran from the stage unable to play during a concert. Detective Sergeant Brian Leach (John McGlynn), the first officer on the scene, displays an unusual interest in the case. Files and evidence are disappearing. It smacks of a police coverup perpetrated by Chief Inspector Webberley (David Burke) to conceal the facts of another case that involved the Martin family 20 years before.<br /><br />"A Cry for Justice": A longtime employee of the prestigious Crucible Club, Morag McNicholl (Catherine McDonough), is found dead in her apartment, a murder made to look like a suicide. Her wallet is missing, but a mysterious £10,000 cash is untouched. Newly reinstated Detective Sergeant Havers goes undercover, against Lynley's protestations, as secretary for Crucible Club owner, socialite Jemma Sanderson (Jenny Agutter). Jemma's husband Nigel Sanderson (Terence Harvey) is a wealthy philanthropist being hounded by investigative reporter Red McGuire (Daniel Ryan) for past, and perhaps continuing, misdeeds. Short telephone calls to Morag in the weeks before her death point to a young man, Daniel (Stephen Webb), who was seen hanging around her apartment building. And the near-bankrupt Crucible Club's finances don't quite balance.<br /><br />"If Wishes Were Horses": Forensic psychiatrist Dermot Finnegan (Oliver Cotton), who mentored Helen early in her career, is murdered shortly after his testimony denies an appeal to an abused woman imprisoned for murdering her husband. The woman's father, Noel Shakespeare (Paul Copley), conducts an obsessive crusade to free his daughter and has been in contact with another man whom Finnegan's testimony put behind bars, Stephen Stephanopoulous (George Jackos). Finnegan's meek wife Grace (Jemma Redgrave) is playing hostess to his first wife Maureen (Barbara Flynn), a blunt, sardonic woman who detested Dermot but aims to stick around until his will is read. When Helen is seriously injured by an attack on her car, apparently connected to the Finnegan case, Lynley takes his anger out on Havers.
This particular detective series stands above the slew of whodunnits. There's only one other detective series in its class that comes to mind - and that is the Sherlock Holmes series which starred the wonderful Jeremy Brett. There's something terribly interesting about the relationship between Lynley and Havers. It's always strictly platonic and professional, and yet, it's something more....a friendship. I affectionately refer to Havers as Lynleys' 'work spouse'. Those familiar with the series, and newcomers, will find that to some extent this is true. Friendship aside, there is much hard core detective work in this series. I enjoy Lynley and Havers brainstorming sessions and even their arguments, which can be scathing. I have to mention a word about the actor Sharon Small. It needs to be stated that Ms. Small fits so seamlessly into the role of Havers, its almost unbelievable. Overall, this is a high quality and very entertaining detective series which only comes along once in awhile.
This series is great. The acting is great. The stories are great, even the two not based on Elizabeth George's books are great. The funny thing is that the books are so complex that you can watch the show and then read the book and not all be spoiled because they are so different, but they are both so good. My only complaint is that the sound on BBC productions consistantly sucks. How can their be an entire country with bad sound production? But I can't blame the DVDs because it's been like that on every British show I've ever seen via DVD or BBC America.
the best of the detective series and a must for your own cllection dvds
I was hoping that another set was being made after I finished Set 2. I finished Set 3 and am anxiously awaiting a Set 4. The last episode just left me hanging. I like the mysteries that are being solved, but the interaction between Insp. Lynley and Sgt. Havers is very interesting. I have introduced the series to a few friends and they are enjoying them immensely!
I have not read the Elizabeth George books, but as a big fan of PBS's Mystery! the Inspector Lynley mysteries are among my favorite.<br /><br />Although these mysteries are set in the present day, the beautiful English countryside and the nature of the characters will inspire a familiar fondness for those of us who grew up reading Miss Marple and Sherlock Holmes.<br /><br />Season 3 brings additional depth to the characters of Lynley and Havers.  Nathaniel Parker and Sharon Smalls are perfectly cast, and the relationship of their characters keeps many viewers tuned in.  Overall I preferred the stories in season 3 to some of those in season 2; however, it is useful to view the series in order.<br /><br />My main complaint with these episodes is that we only get 4 of them in a season.
I really could do without any Tommy Lynley - I think Havers could carry the investigations on well enough on her own!  Still, even his moody obnoxiousness isn't enough to ruin the series completely.  The individual cases are compelling and well-written; the investigations run and interesting (and sometimes surprising) course.<br /><br />As a police/investigation show, I'd give it fairly high marks.  It could do without a lot of the personal drama, which feels a bit forced and unnatural at times.  I don't know if it's the script or the acting, because although I can see good reason for some of the drama and angst, it just doesn't feel right.  I suppose in the last episode in this series it's meant to show Lynley as more human, not the unfeeling aristocratic snob he appears in the books.  However, the rest of the series has amply made him feel like a character with plenty of depth, and this just feels uncomfortable.<br /><br />Still a show worth watching if you're a fan of British mysteries, but it wouldn't be at the very top of my list.
"The Inspector Lynley Mysteries Set 3" picks up where Set 2 left off, with working class Detective Sergeant Barbara Havers demoted to Constable for assaulting a police superior, while her aristocratic partner Inspector Thomas Lynley struggles to balance work, marriage, and the pending birth of his first child.  Lynley and Havers have grown into an instinctive and highly effective parternship.  A subtle and unspoken emotional dependence on each other complicates their work together but carries them through the challenge of the four tough murder mysteries in this series.<br /><br />"In Pursuit of the Proper Sinner" takes Lynley to the North of England to investigate the murder of the daughter of a retired vice cop.  An excess of suspects gives Lynley an excuse to summon the deskbound Havers to assist.  The murder victim turns out to have a hidden life and a number of enemies.  Havers and Lynley will pursue parallel trails of clues to a surprising finish.<br /><br />"A Traitor To Memory" focuses on the murder of the long-missing mother of a world class violinist suddenly struck with stage fright.  In addition to the challenge of the case itself, Lynley suspects a possible coverup by his boss DSI Webberly and fears a disgruntled Havers' resignation from the police force.  The two detectives will unravel a long and complicated mystery dating from a murder ten years earlier to find a surprising killer.<br /><br />"A Cry For Justice" features a suicide that wasn't, a philanthropist with a bare knuckles approach to life, and a social club that isn't.  Havers, newly returned to Sergeant rank, promptly runs off on a undercover role, leaving Lynley to work the public side of the case while worrying about her safety.  The answers they seek are wound around a shocking conspiracy, an adopted child, and a shop girl with a secret.<br /><br />"If Wishes were Horses" begins with the murder of a noted criminal profiler.  There are plenty of suspects, between the profiler's criminal cases and a collection of ex-wives and girlfriends.  Also implicated in the case is Helen, a former protege and now Lynley's very pregnant wife.  As additional corpses pile up, Havers and Lynley race to find the killer or killers.  In a stunning conclusion, tragedy will strike at the three people most dear to Lynley.<br /><br />"Inspector Lynley Mysteries Set 3" is very highly recommeded to fans of the series.  It features four intriguing murder mysteries that will keep the viewer guessing, while Lynley and Havers work through an unusual burden of personal challenges to solve the cases.
I have just received this one and it is just as good as the other 2 sets. His lady partner always gives him a different way at looking at the crime. Really do enjoy them<br /><br />What I like most about British Mysteries, they don't have much violence and the violent language as the American shows have.  The are really different and  hope the British mysteries stay that way.
i enjoy the Lynley mysteries so much. the stories include the case itself and then insight into the main charaters lives. i love the interaction between lynley and havers. i think they do truly enjoy each others company even though they are from different backgrounds. i so enjoy watching them play off of each other. i always find myself feeling for the two of them. one thing i really appreciate about lynley is that, when he does lose his temper or say something harsh, he always goes back at sometime and apologizes for his words. now there is a great man!
This superb "Murder/Mystery" series continues to delight me in every way especially with its two main characters.  As stated before in my review of Series Two of this Murder/mystery, I'm besotted with the character of Barbara Havers as played by Sharon Small.  I really feel that her character "matured" wonderfully in Series Three exhibiting much of her "strength" therein-she is more than willing to "stand-up" to the powerful men that are "running the show" in other words her bosses or those that consider themselves her "betters".  Continuing where Series Two left-off with Havers having suffered the unjustified and humiliating demotion to merely "a cop on the beat" she really proves that she is made of "tough stuff" helping upper-class Lynley (who, to me is, at first in this series,  sickeningly tolerant towards Havers while at the same time, rather condescending towards her) to solve some mysteries with her "of common folk" intelligence playing a vital part in resolving the cases and showing Lynley that he needs her in more ways than one (to me that also includes romantically which, of course, still remains hidden). She certainly, on a few occasions verbally "lets him have it"!  In most of the instances, it's good that she is there because Lynley is having troubles "on the home front" with that bore of a wife that he's so in love with-I'll never understand the attraction!  However, their relationship (or lack thereof) with all of its ramifications adds "interest" to the program (if nothing else but confirming the saying "love is blind" This is very evident in Series Three.  There's a pregnancy that I don't think Lynley is too happy about with the bore of a wife not too happy with his reaction). The two main characters of this series are a wonderful duo and the writers have allowed in Series Three them to somewhat meld naturally (while maintaining their fierce independence) with the characters changing in a most natural way. Especially in Series Three, it's a good thing for Lynley that Havers is around.  When a case hits too close to his home, Lynley almost loses it with Havers really proving her "worth".<br /><br />Havers in series three has become a little more of a "lady" while Lynley is less of a "dandy".  However, the "class thing" is still very much evident which adds just the right amount of "spice" to the series.  The "class status" of the characters (Lynley's upper class" and Havers "working class") was very evident in the third disc episode "A Cry for Justice" with both of their sensibilities needed in order to solve the murder/mystery.  That was just one of the four outstanding shows in Series Three.  All are great!  I'm really looking forward to more series from this murder/mystery show-I love it!
I am new to the Inspector Lynley mysteries, and have been hooked on the show since watching the first series via streaming through a movie rental website I subscribe to. I love the brilliant crime stories and the investigative team of DI Thomas Lynley (Nathaniel Parker) and DS Barbara Havers (Sharon Small). Each episode is filled with drama, tension, and psychological insights, almost always dealing with flawed individuals who are driven to extreme acts out of desperation, greed, etc.<br /><br />Series 3 is another excellent series of shows containing four episodes in all. Unfortunately, the packaging for this set is simply awful. The DVDs are crammed into a small DVD box and the manufacturers, for some inexplicable reason, have chosen to place two DVDs on top of each other on either side. I do not see this set as value for money as the way the DVDs are placed in the box will probably result in scratches to the DVDs. In fact, I found the DVDs sliding around the case and at times had difficulty closing the box.<br /><br />As for the episodes, the DVDs do not state the order in which they are to be watched, except for a description at the back of the DVD case. The episodes are to be watched in the following order:<br />In Pursuit of the Proper Sinner<br />A Traitor to Memory<br />A Cry for Justice<br />If Wishes Were Horses<br /><br />Two of the episodes here are not based on Elizabeth George's novels, but since I have only recently begun reading the novels (in conjunction with watching the series) I cannot comment on how accurately they portray the characters in the books. I did not find the episodes to be too far apart in terms of plot and character development, and there is a good level of continuity in all the episodes, which makes the stories easy to follow.<br /><br />I truly love this series, and am sorely tempted to get the entire series which is out in one DVD package.
Again, I love the series and truly enjoyed every episode, which is why I purchased the entire series. I highly recommend the series for any fan of mysteries, especially British ones. Intelligent dialogue, scenic locations and the developing respect and admiration between the two lead characters make this a show worth viewing.<br />Again, the four episodes contain a mix of darkness and wry humor.<br />Again, Series 3 does an excellent job of continuing where Series 2 ended. It's been said that the book series author wasn't particularly pleased with the casting Sharon Small. I haven't read the books yet, but I find Small to have been an excellent choice. She portrays the working-class detective without difficulty; a believable portrayal.<br />Its nice to see that the British are just as conniving, crooked, selfless and rotten as their friends across the pond, more so in all the episodes of the series.<br />In this series, there are scenes in which the viewer may grow to hate Lynley. I know I did. There are times he bullies Havers and treats her like dirt. Sure, he suffers a personal crisis just before, but that's no excuse, especially since she had saved his life in the series before. We also see Havers get shot and wonder what is her fate?<br />If you enjoyed the previous series, or in British television, especially crime drama, don't hesitate to add this to our collection.
A critical season in a fine series.  However, the disks are not numbered and don't come ordered in the bos.  View them in the following sequence:<br /><br />In Pursuit of the Proper Sinner<br />  A Traitor to Memory<br />  A Cry for Justice<br />  If Wishes Were Horses<br /><br />I would also note that Netflix has all the other seasons except this one.  Go figure.
You don't know a good mystery until you have seen the Inspector Lynley Series.  My mother is a mystery book fanatic and got me hooked on these movies a few years ago - I can't seem to get enough now.  This series is based off of the James mystery novels.  They keep your mind constantly guessing "who dunnit"?
The Inspector Lynley mysteries are one of those series that get better each time.  I especially enjoyed the fact that it is a bit more intelligent than the run of the mill shoot em up blood and guts type that seem to be prevalent these days.  Anyone who liked Inspector Morse, Lewis or a Touch of Frost would also enjoy this.
The Series actually gets better with each set.  The mysteries are engrossing, and the performances of the actors are always excellent.  We were so disappointed to be stopped at #5, at least for now!  All 5 series well worth watching.
I love Elizabeth George's books - have read all but two I think. I just finished watching this series on Mystery and just finished reading her new book "With No One as Witness" (also good but with an unbelievable twist). Can someone help me? Was "If Wishes Were Horses" - the last installment of this Mystery series - a book? Why does it completely contradict the storyline of "Witness"? I don't want to say too much to give away the story lines but if someone could help clear this up for me I'd really appreciate it.
I love this series of books and have been reading them since they were first published.  I eagerly awaited the series and also enjoy it very much.  Like most adaptations of books into films there are a lot of differences between the books and the series.  Note to previous reviewer gci - I don't believe that there is a book titled If Wishes Were...  The twist that you refer to in the newest book is causing a lot of talk; if you are interested in some of it, I suggest a visit to the author's website at [...].
I love the Inspector Lynley Series but couldn't watch this series because of moving, annoying lines on the top of the screen on all four installments.  I've obtained this series from two different sources now and both have these lines.
