K, I know it's a small thing, especially when Cheers uses so little pop music in the series. But for this reason, you'd think that Paramount could secure rights to the original music used in the episodes.<br /><br />Here we go: Episode: "Get Your Kicks On Route 666: Song "The Wanderer" by Dion, heard in the exterior shot of Cliff's car as the guys cruise down the highway -- gone -- along with the exterior shot.  Hasty edit here.<br /><br />Episode: "Bar Wars V: The Final Judgement" Song "Monster Mash" By Bobby Boris Pickett" is replaced by generic Halloween music. VERY WEAK! That's just the first disc!<br /><br />ENOUGH ALREADY!  The Fugitive fiasco should have been a wakeup call for the DVD division execs at Paramount. In addition to the greed demonstrated by partial season sets (on other series), this studio is going overboard with this music replacement thing.  Fans do notice, and Paramount is trashing it's TV library! This rather irritating fact aside.  The video quality, sound and picture are top notch, and would deserve five stars.. if it weren't for the music thing.
The "Sam and Rebecca decide to make a baby together" ongoing story arc in Season 10, for me (as a longtime fan of the entire series) was nowhere near as strong as some of the individual episodes that focused on utilizing the characters, telling a story, and going for big laughs.<br /><br />A perfect example of this is "One Hugs, The Other Doesn't," featuring laugh-out-loud moments from both the cast and Emma Thompson as kiddie entertainer (and former wife of Frasier) "Nanny G." This one's merciless, easily one of the best single episodes in the entire series. It's full of surprises, full of laughs, and ten seasons in, manages to add even more nuances to well-established characters.<br /><br />"Get Your Kicks on Route 666" is another stand-alone classic, primarily for the fact that it gets four of the show's male leads out of the bar and into a unique setting...a road trip to find their "inner hairy man." Kelsey Grammer delivers the best line here..."I wouldn't want to run into the wolf who could carry off Norm"...but it's a solid episode from start to finish.<br /><br />We get a return visit from Annie Golden as Cliff's on again, off again girlfriend Maggie, and of course there's Woody's wedding...every bit as chaotic as you might expect.<br /><br />Overall, Season 10 is worth a rock-solid four stars...maybe even 4.5. If you collect the series, either via "best episodes" or entire seasons, you can't afford to miss this one.
I am a die-hard Cheers fan, so I liked this DVD. However, I am disappointed that they have made cuts, and in a least one case, actually changed from the original episode.
This DVD set contains all 25 episodes of the tenth season of "Cheers" that aired on NBC from September 1991 to May 1992.  In this classic sitcom, patrons at a Boston bar form a sort of community, even though they are from different walks of life.  The ongoing subplot of Season Ten is whether Sam (Ted Danson) and Rebecca (Kirstie Alley) will have a child.<br /><br />This season has quite a few strong episodes.  In one, four of the guys go on a long car trip; in another, Boston Celtic Kevin McHale guest stars; in another, we learn about an early marriage of Frasier's (Kelsey Grammer's); and the season finale is Woody's (Woody Harrelson's) wedding.  Johnny Carson and Senator John Kerry make cameo appearances during the season.<br /><br />I wonder if there was ever another show that was almost cancelled during its first season that later went on to such great success.  Many sitcoms aren't all that funny, but "Cheers" has many laugh-out-loud moments and deserves its status as a classic.
I have loved CHEERS ever since it premiered on TV and now I can watch it anytime i want to.  Season 10 has some of the funniest show of all time and makes me laugh everytime I watch the shows.
Cheers is great. From it we got 22 years of great comedy with Frasier. Also Becker could be included. I recieved it fast and in great shape.
I got the item in a very short period of time, and it was in great condition. It was perfect to give as a gift!
Received Cheers Season 10 from Amazon in good condition. There were no damages. The DVD set is slim and does not occupy much space, but the down side is that its just a plain box - the earlier season sets were bulky but they had photos of some episodes from the season that one could have a look at when unfolding the box.<br />Season 10 was an enjoyable season with two memorable episodes Woodys wedding and the bar wars episode. Woodys wedding episode is so hilarious, things keep on getting worse and yet the Cheers gang pulls it off - probably one of the best episodes of the entire Cheers franchise. Season 10 was not among the best seasons but hey its CHEERS!! none of the episodes are a drag and they always put a smile back on the viewer.<br />The only reason why I am giving 4 stars is because the dvd set contains NO EXTRAS - thats disappointing<br /><br />All in all worth the price
I received Cheers in good condition and in a timely manner.  The DVD is a gift for my son that is the Air Force over seas.  I know he will love it because he has all the other seasons.  Thanks
Since it took season 9 a year and a half to be releaseed after season 8, it is important to show our support for seasons 9 and 10 or else we might have a long wait for season 11. I am still surprised they announced season 10 so close after season 9. Anyways...<br /><br />This is a great show, but by now in Season 10 things were starting to get stale. They had some great episodes: when Cliff goes on the Johnny Carson show, the episode involving the Boston Celtcs, and the Boyd Wedding sequence. Plus, my favorite episodes are the "BAR WARS" ones, and there are TWO in this season! Still, some episodes that just felt old. It takes until now for Sam and Rebecca to get together, but after so many years of waiting I feel more relieved that it is over than excited for what it potentially could bring to the show.<br /><br />I won't say that the show jumped the shark in this season, but by now ideas were running out for the show to use. I still love the show, but the magic had started to fade. However, even just a "good" season of Cheers (not "great") is still WAY BETTER than many of the shows out there today. Sam still is a womanizer, Norm loves his beer, Cliff is still annoying, Frasier and Lilith act as weird as ever, and Woody does anything for his girlfriend Kelly.<br /><br />Classic Cheers, and a great place where everybody knows your name!
This is my all time favorite sitcom. Each week I have friends over to play pool and Cheers is always on. It's great that season 10 didn't take as long to be released as season 9. However, in season 9 there were some disappointments. (1) Some of the original music was replaced. (2) Some scenes were edited (3) The packaging was cheap. No color fold out with pictures, and the DVD's were plain. Paramount has done this before with other releases such as Happy Days. This was very disappointing, especially since we were given no advanced notice and no significant price break. Will Paramount cut corners again? I hope not. We'll have to wait until Sep 2nd to find out.
Woody's 2-episode wedding story arc was worth the price of the entire season. "Calling Dr. Daniels, Dr. Jack Daniels!" .....too funny!
Dare I hope that finally CBS Paramount(?) will finish Cheers. I don't care that they cheaped out on the packaging of season nine as long as they finish the entire series. Tripe like Happy Days they do but they don't finish one of the finest comedy series of the century? Let's keep our collective fingers crossed.
Season nine is really the last great season of Cheers. It's the one in which Rebecca and Robin come to a resolution of their relationship after Robin finishes his time in prison, and where Rebecca and Sam finally fall into some form of normalcy in their relationship. Finally, it was the first full season after Sam finally got his bar back after losing it at the end of season five.<br /><br />Season ten can only be judged as "more of the same". That's not bad when you consider Cheers' weird cast of characters, but there are really no surprises. The only real season-long storyline is Sam and Rebecca's attempt to have a child together. For things to really get moving again you have to wait for the final season - season eleven. The outstanding episodes of season ten are the two involving the "Bar Wars" between Cheers and Gary's Olde Towne Tavern, and the very best of the season is the finale involving Woody's marriage to his wealthy girlfriend, Kelly. For once there is no season-ending cliffhanger here, just lots of fun Cheers-style.<br /><br />The timing between the release of seasons nine and ten - end of May for season nine and the first of September for season ten - makes it look like Paramount will probably release season eleven and probably "Cheers: The Complete Series" around Christmas time. Since these sets are always cheaper when packaged together I'd recommend waiting and seeing if that is what is planned.
Did anyone else notice this is being advertised and sold as Cheers: The Tenth Season rather than Cheers: The Complete Tenth Season? Season 9 says The Complete Ninth season and yet we all know that's not true as scenes were edited and music changed. It even said so itself on the back of the box. So this time they list it as only The Tenth season which makes we wonder how much they butchered this season.
the three-star rating is for the box set... it's gone cheap with just a box sleeve (season 9 is the turning point). not only is this bad for collection purpose, but the entire set is inconsistent.
the product was in good shape and was delivered in a quick and ordely fashion.
Cheers is a classic.  Season 10 was another great one for Cheers.  We have the hilarious wedding at the end for Woody.  We have the Bar Wars episodes of which are always good.  This is great seasaon and I look forward to the final season 11 to complete my collection.
CBS DVD and Paramount Home Entertainment have announced that Cheers - The Final Season will arrive on DVD this January 27th. The 653-minute collection will include all 25 episodes, including the double-length episode "Rebecca Gaines, Rebecca Loses" and the triple-length series finale, "One For The Road". from tvshowsondvd dot com.
I give it 4 stars only because it is a GREAT season, but there are no extras.
Great to finally get Cheers 10 after such a long wait - frustating that dates for releases are not easily or readily available - Cheers 11, The Sheild 7 etc., and also would be better if there was some 'special features' - interviews or contributions from those involved as on previous early season releases - hope they do it for the last one - Cheers !!"
I have waited a couple of years for them to release the 10th season. It is still one of  the best sitcoms ever created. I can hardly wait for the 11th (Final Season) to be released!
I was EXTREMELY disappointed in the cheap packaging of Season Nine and Ten.  All of the others were nicely packaged and these two seasons came in a cheap plastic DVD holder!  Had I known this in advance I may not have spent the money to buy them.  I HOPE the final season is NOT packaged this way because I have pre-ordered it!
I just received my 10th season and all 4 discs were all badly scratched.  CBS/Paramount's quality of their DVDs is the worse of all studios.  I think because they have so many rights to TV shows and are putting them out at a fast pace, regardless of the quality of the DVDs.  CBS/Paramount needs to get their act together and start putting out quality unscratched DVDs.
