Honestly, my expectations when approaching "The Wild Hunt" were fairly minimal. Even though this feature played very well at the edgier film festivals, something about the DVD's marketing made me believe that the movie might devolve into a rather pedestrian horror film after setting up its intriguing premise and setting. However, that didn't happen. The movie retained its integrity by remaining a psychological thriller where ordinary people are pushed into extreme circumstances. Whether or not you understand and appreciate the realm of Live Action Role Playing, it certainly makes for an undeniably interesting and dramatic atmosphere. Most entertainment that has featured the LARP phenomenon (Role Models, for example) have done so for comic affect. "The Wild Hunt," however, inserts the viewer right into the heart of such a game--revealing both its inherent silliness and its romantic allure. But when can fantasy go too far? This is the question that haunts the central characters of the movie as a game spirals out of control.<br /><br />The story charts the progression of Erik. When his aloof girlfriend starts to become more distant, he attempts to reinvigorate their bond. But she has been caught up with a new man in the fantasy world of weekend game play. Following her to a big tournament (in which his brother plays a prominent role), he soon finds himself an unwitting part of the game. His only hope to communicate with her soon becomes a love quest as he assumes the role of a Viking hero. Real feelings, jealousy, and pride soon infect the fantasy realm and quitting the game isn't as easy as it would seem. In fact, as tensions rise, a real danger starts to bubble to the surface. But how will it manifest itself? And who, if anyone, will remain immune to the escalating tension?<br /><br />First of all, the movie scores high marks for presenting a unique and different world. I felt like I was watching something with a fair amount of originality--because this isn't a setting that has been explored in many dramatic features. I further appreciated that it didn't immediately devolve into a violent free-for-all. The characters remained relatively rational and stayed true to the context of the game. That was part of the film's appeal--how it balanced the eccentricities of its setting with real world decisions. The film works on several levels and scores with a delightfully off-kilter, but believable, ending. Exciting, silly, sad, funny--"The Wild Hunt" certainly doesn't aspire to an Academy Award. But it is fitfully entertaining, surprising, and original and accomplishes the modest goals it set out for itself. If it sounds like you'd enjoy it, you probably will! KGHarris, 5/11.
When I read the premise of this movie, as well as the outline, it all sounded rather silly and undoable. I was wrong. Could this have been done better? Probably. Given greater resources, it would have picked up a smoother sheen and probably a bit better scripting. But, given everything, this is a remarkable effort.<br /><br />Here's the scoop. Erik is taking care of his deteriorating father. His girlfriend has left him to hook up with the king of a Live Action Role Playing ensemble. He heads to the roll playing compound to win her back. They are in the midst of a game which stretches out over days. Eric's brother, Bjorn, (who has abandoned Erik in regard to father care responsibilities) is also a role player. Together they try to make all things right.<br /><br />This movie is amazing in its own right. As others have mentioned, a large amount of respect is paid to the players. They retreat to this world and give it everything they've got while involved. They are organized. They have a well built compound for the games. They have walkie-talkies for communication. They have referees and judges if something needs to be ruled upon. And they party hard when the day's games have finished. The film makers, though, do juxtapose them to the real world and don't shy away from showing that there is a certain amount of silliness to it all. You see this duality in the girlfriend, Lyn, (played by a very fetching Kaniehtiio Horn) who is at once drawn to the splendor and magnificence of it all, but put off when the fantasy is played too strongly. There are hints as to where all this is headed. You have two men in two worlds both vying for the same woman. Something has to give and it does so in brutal fashion. Things do escalate and things do get out of hand. The climax is both sad and horrifying. I feel the film makers should have showed the authorities getting involved at the end. It only makes sense but, for whatever reason, they chose not to.<br /><br />This was done on a rather limited budget but done extremely well. The camerawork was good enough but some of the shots were downright gorgeous. Editing and music were decent as were the costumes. Were this a larger Hollywood project I couldn't have given it 4 stars, but all things considered, this is more than a commendable outing. If you're at all into role playing games, this is worth seeing. If you're only mildly interested, as am I, it's still more than worth the time needed to watch it. Enjoy
Erik chases after his girlfriend who has left him to live in a fantasy Live Action Role Play community. A stranger in a very strange land, Erik stumbles and has to partner with his estranged brother Bjorn, who has no life outside the game, and various players and referees (including a "Mexican Viking"). Yes, it's a quest. Along the way, Erik learns the ways of this new realm, rescues the girl, and reconciles with both his brother and his girlfriend. The game brought them together, but some people are sore losers.<br /><br />In some ways, The Wild Hunt resembles The Wicker Man (the original, mind you): the main character slowly descends from the modern, rationalist world into the pre-modern, mythic world.<br /><br />This is a low budget production, reportedly half a million dollars, and sometimes it shows, but that actually fits the story and the premise. Human imagination is so powerful that costumes cobbled together from thrift stores and foam-and-duct-tape swords can be create an entirely alternate reality, one where we can believe in heroes and villains and true love.<br /><br />Just as The Lord of the Rings ends with the departure of the elves from Middle Earth, the loss of their grace, this story ends with the breaking of the law that made this strange and beautiful place possible. It is quite literally the end of _a_ world, and pack an unexpected punch.
I WAS ACTUALLY LOOKING FOR A HISTORICAL MEDIEVAL MOVIE WHEN I CAME ACROSS THIS LITTLE GEM.  I'M A DIE-HARD MEDIEVALIST AND HORROR FAN, SO I WAS INTRIGUED BY THE TRAILER AND DECIDED TO WATCH, THINKING TO MYSELF I'D PROBABLY NEVER FINISH IT.  BOY,WAS I EVER WRONG!  FOR HAVING BEEN MADE ON A LIMITED BUDGET, THIS MOVIE IS TRULY EXCEPTIONAL.  IT IS BOTH TOTALLY BELIEVABLE AND FUNNY AS HELL IN PLACES, AS IT SLOWLY BUILDS TO IT'S SAD AND HORRIBLE CLIMAX. IF YOU WANT SLICK DIALOGUE AND SPECIAL EFFECTS, THEN THIS IS NOT YOUR MOVIE. IF YOU WANT TO SEE A GOOD FILM ABOUT REAL PEOPLE SHOWING US JUST HOW BADLY JEALOUSY CAN MAKE US BEHAVE AND WHAT THE "PACK INSTINCT" CAN DO WHEN IT RUNS AWRY, THEN WATCH THIS MOVIE. PLUS, IT HAD SOME OF THE MOST REALISTIC LOOKING INJURIES I'VE EVER SEEN ON FILM. IF YOU LOVE GOING TO MEDIEVAL FESTIVALS LIKE I DO, YOU WILL NEVER ATTEND ANOTHER ONE AFTER WATCHING THIS, WITHOUT FIRST REMEMBERING THE CONSEQUENCES OF TAKING ROLE PLAYING WAY TOO FAR.
Obviously this is a low budget production so viewers may want to keep some of the usual issues that accompany films like this in mind, especially amateurish acting. I must say though, none of the problems that typically plague indie films seemed to bother me here and I think that's due to the concept, dedication of the cast, fantastic wardrobe and the dizzying change in tone. It all just seemed to work so well, nothing really put me off at all. Admittedly I did do a ton of laughing but most of it was uncomfortable chuckling brought on by embarrassment and I attribute that to the films constant shifting from medieval era decorum, which was easy to get lost in, to modern day mannerisms and lingo.<br /><br />Just when things seem like they cannot possibly get any "geekier," a claustrophobic madness slowly creeps in and the film goes from nerdy fantasy to frenzied nihilism. The Wild Hunt is a heart-pounding thriller with gruesome sequences of savagery and a jaw-dropping finale that spells the beginning of a successful career for filmmaker Alexandre Franchi. I'm not at all surprised that IFC Films picked this up.
Having found some info about this randomly on IMDB.com a few weeks back, the Wild Hunt has been in the back of my mind as one of those "must-see" indie films ever since. Last night I was able to catch a screening of this on DVD and I was absolutely blown away. The cinematography, colors, storyline, character development - it was all mesmerizing. Not having known that any of this culture existed, I was happy to see how respectful the film makers were of the "live action role playing" that this movie is based off of. Nothing seemed cliche, or forced, or mocked at all. I could see the appeal of the "game", as well as the incredible ways in which the filmmakers sought to capture the raw humanity of these characters - as people feeling most free to express themselves when they were able to do it as a "character" in the game. As you may already know, events do get tense as the storyline progresses. I had forewarning from what I'd already read, but I wasn't prepared for the ways that the movie made me feel. It was absolutely surreal, beautiful, heartbreaking, haunting and truly a smart film. Highly recommended, no question.
I didn't know what to expect from "The Wild Hunt". But I didn't expect it to be so harrowing, and so devastating. Having seen a few documentaries about real life LARPers, the concept is familiar to me. But this is a fictional story. The main character is a very likable, attractive guy named Eric, who crashes his big brother's weekend LARP event to find his runaway girlfriend. He just wants to bring her home, and thinks this is all pretty ridiculous. You probably will, too. But there is something deeper at work in these people; a longing for a greater purpose outside their everyday lives, for sure. But in addition to that, the event becomes an outlet for darker, more horrifying tendencies in others. Although the plot is very unlikely, and out of character for LARPers, who are known for being bookish, detail and rule oriented, you could say this is a nightmare scenario.
A gutsy, confident movie. Fine, realistic portrayals of awkward, uncomfortable people. Takes you slowly and assuredly to places you never would have, at the beginning, expected.
A very confused movie.  It meanders through its first eighty-minute Act and then gets nonsensical and just winds down in its last ten minutes.  Is the coda supposed to be a searing indictment of live-action roleplaying?  Is such an indictment really necessary?<br /><br />Tonally, the movie is profoundly confused and doesn't know what it wants to be. Story-wise it's illogical and really asks the viewer to abandon any real investment in the very world its trying to create.  Aesthetically it's blue-on-blue-on-black flat.  There's a single character of interest but the movie fails to successfully explore him (and the moviemakers ignore a great conflict between estranged brothers that could've been the lynchpin of a spectacular action/comedy).  Ultimately there aren't any valuable characters; I don't know who these people are, what they're really fighting for or why I should care.<br /><br />An impressive effort for a budget of $500k, is what we're all supposed to say about this movie, but it fails in nearly every department.  It generally lacks heart, eschews tremendous opportunities for story, characters, humor and excitement throughout its incredibly-long first act, degenerates into nonsensical gore in the last few minutes and then just sort drops off the face of the earth.<br /><br />A great concept given an abysmal treatment.<br /><br />I did, however, make a spectacular stew while I was watching it.  So, there's that.
Both my wife and I are into gaming, but not this type of dress-up/act out gaming.<br /><br />Unlike some other reviewers here, I didn't think the "players" gave it their all. They were ignoring "game decorum" every 10 seconds or so, so it really made everyone look half-hearted and  silly. There were a few comedic moments here and there which were ok, but the drama was totally uninteresting. Maybe there is a good story here somewhere, but neither my wife nor I could get into this film.<br /><br />A big thumbs down for us!
