Contrary to a previous post, The World is Not Enough will not be included in the 3rd gift set. Rather, this 2nd gift set will include an empty space for The World is Not Enough DVD, which will only be sold seperately.<p>An  explanation: In sales numbers, studios can't count units sold in sets (in  this case, The World is Not Enough) as sales. So, in order to keep the  sales numbers for TWINE as high possible, it will only be available  seperately, and not as part of any set.
The groundbreaking DR. NO is one of the best James Bond films of the series. Sean Connery's performance is that of the no-nonsense dedicated civil servant entrusted with a "licence-to-kill" when he chooses, where he chooses and whom he chooses. His screen presence alone conveys the physical, intellectual and moral conviction of the character. Connery's portrayal in this film directed by Terence Young seems closer to the literary James Bond created by Ian Fleming. Many elements that distinguish the James Bond series were introduced in this film. The opening gun barrel trademark, "The James Bond Theme," M played by Bernard Lee, Miss Moneypenny played by Lois Maxwell, Ken Adam's distinctive melding of modern and futuristic production designs, Maurice Binder's unique main titles, the "Martinis shaken not stirred," exotic locales, just to name a few are all here. Bond is sent to Jamaica, land of the Undertakers Wind, to investigate the elimination of British field agents and strange signals that have been interfering with the American space program. Joseph Wiseman as DR. NO is one of the best villains of the series. His steel mono-toned performance is eerily unsettling. Ursula Andress as Honey Ryder leaves the most indelible image of the series as she emerges erotically from the blue waters of the Caribbean clad in her white bikini. Along with Felix Leiter and Quarrel, Bond must uncover the trail that all leads to DR. NO's mysterious Crab Key. ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE is the one film closest to any of Ian Fleming's Bond novels. George Lazenby, possessing the physique and physical attributes that fit the role, gives a visually striking and straightforward performance in his only appearance as James Bond. The combined efforts of all the filmmakers and Lazenby's performance of a James Bond with conviction, assuredness and determination make this the definitive James Bond film. The film has a sense of undeniable drive behind it accentuated by Lazenby's no-nonsense approach and the urgency of John Barry's instrumental theme used repeatedly to never let up the pace. If James Bond was ever the dedicated civil servant it is ever so evident in this film. There are intensely choreographed fights of great ferocity, exciting and incredible ski chases, car chases, an alpine battle atop an ice-capped peak and an extraordinary thrilling bobsled chase. There is more action, suspense and emotion packed into this film than any other in the series and Lazenby's hard edged performance, Peter Hunt's direction and John Barry's driving score make it all work. ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE is possibly the best film of the series. THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN contains one of Roger Moore's best performances as James Bond as he injects Bond's virility, worldliness and sardonic wit back into the character in his second appearance as Bond. Christopher Lee's performance as the enigmatic Scaramanga is refreshingly energetic giving the assassin an amiable quality on the surface hiding a darker side beneath. An often-overlooked asset to this film is Maud Adams' performance as Andrea, Scaramanga's beautiful mistress. She brings genuine compassion to the role as the tormented individual who can not escape her master. There is also great location cinematography in this film. We see Bond at the gambling tables at the Casino de Macaoand and witness his solo flight through the uprooted rock formations near Phuket, Thailand to Scaramanga's island. One bit of innovation combing location filming, miniatures and set design was the use of the half-submerged Queen Elizabeth, its hull at a 30-degree angle, scorched and rusted at rest in Hong Kong harbor. Hidden in the bowels of the sunken ship is the headquarters for the Hong Kong station of the British Secret Service. "It's the only place in Hong Kong where you can't be bugged" says a naval officer to Bond. THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN contains martial arts sequences, an imaginative car chase and some very witty dialogue. The music soundtrack by John Barry was re-mastered in stereo. THE SPY WHO LOVED ME is a big-budgeted opulent film with effective screenplay and editing delivering one of the most succinctly structured films of the series. Roger Moore clearly redefined his approach to the role as the good-natured British agent. His Bond is suave, debonair, never condescending and resorts to seriousness only when confronted with malevolence. That was the way he played it for the rest of the series.  The globetrotting THE SPY WHO LOVED ME featured a gadget laden Lotus Esprit as its centerpiece and a maniacal villain Stromberg whose immense wealth featured an aquatic empire aimed at global domination. Great action sequences and chases abound. MOONRAKER is one of the biggest films of the entire series. Once again Bond is on the trail of another maniacal villain, Hugo Drax, whose immense wealth has financed the research and production of the space shuttle program. This is also another globetrotting epic that features gorgeous location work in Venice and Rio de Janeiro bringing out the of essence of these exquisite cities. Following his work on THE SPY WHO LOVED ME, production designer Ken Adam returned with some sets reminiscent of the earlier Bond films as well as some completely innovative sets for Drax's space empire. MOONRAKER plays like a compendium of the entire series running the gamut from the serious to the fanciful. MOONRAKER contains many elements to please the diverse tastes of the millions of Bond fans. That is the magic of MOONRAKER. There is incredible action in this film. The free-fall sequence is one of the best pre-title sequences of the series. The boat chase in the South American jungle is truly thrilling. Bond's fight in the Venetian glass museum is a classic. John Barry's score is exquisite and moving, one of his most unique. The dialogue by Christopher Wood is witty and intelligent. MOONRAKER has it all. This Volume demonstrates the versatility and diversity of the world of James Bond.
Like the first James Bond gift set, I enjoyed the features of the DVD's in this, the second gift set.  However, there was one problem I ran into that turned out to be more of a headache than it should have been.  In the DVD  &quot;The Man With The Golden Gun&quot;, it seems that tracks 21 and 22  will not play on certain DVD players (of which mine is one of them).  I  didn't find this out until I had tried three different sets.  Kudos go to  Amazon's customer service department for supplying me with multiple sets to  try and fix the problem.  Unfortunately, they weren't able to, but it seems  that MGM has come up with a solution.  If you have a problem viewing  &quot;The Man with the Golden Gun&quot;, you should contact MGM Customer  Service at 1-877-MGM-4YOU for assistance.  Other than that, the set is  great!
Like the third boxed set, a few titles you can live without, but some good movies are in here:<p>From Russia With Love - slow by today's movie standards but an excellent Bond film.  Bond's gadgets are very practical and he's only human in this one.  Don't miss the gypsy girls fighting or Tatiana getting ready to meet Bond!<p>You Only Live Twice - not as interesting as the novel although the girls and the custom Toyota were good to look at.  Bond finally meets Ernst Stavro Blofeld.<p>Diamonds Are Forever - the funniest Bond of them all.  I enjoy this one even though there were some glaring questions like how does a car on two wheels suddenly go up on the other two wheels and why would diamonds around a laser make it more powerful than if they were in the laser?<p>Moonraker - the outerspace battle is as boring as the underwater battle in Thunderball and Jaws is as inept as he is indestructible in this one.  Plot is certainly more up to date than that in Fleming's novel, but didn't have much to offer except women in skimpy outfits and a good fight scene in the glass museum.<p>For Your Eyes Only - decent movie, often played for laughs.  Teaches you not to mess with women wielding crossbows.<p>The Living Daylights - Timothy Dalton attempted to bring Bond more in line with Fleming's down to earth, human spy.  Although Dalton may have been just a bit too serious as Bond, this is one of my favorite Bond films.  The opening is terrific and we see a Bond with his own moral code doing what he must.  <p>The World is not Enough - Bond's family motto and a good film.  Brosnan's line as he kills the true villain of the piece is reminisent of some of Connery's better lines. Most fantastic opening sequences of any movie!
The second DVD James Bond Gift Set is even more oddly made up than the first set.  Perhaps one more Connery entry would have filled the bill (at least the third set will have all John Barry scores!).  And why Pierce  Brosnan's photo is on the box is a mystery - not one of his 3 films are  included here, although as others have mentioned there is a space to put  THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH in the box.  The audio commentaries for THE SPY WHO  LOVED ME and especially MOONRAKER are very disappointing (didn't some of  the first set films have 2 audio commentaryes?), but I cannot praise enough  the John Cork produced commentaries and little documentaries included.  Many Bond fans (myself included) consider ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE  the best film in the series, and it is nice to see it here.  I hope newer  fans who have never seen it give it a chance.  And as for all those other  reviewers - well, everybody has their own opnion, and several people have  come to Bond at different times.  Try not to say something is bad, but  rather that you didn't care for it.  Wouldn't that be more realistic?  After all - we're all fans.
This collection includes various Bond movies from four of the actors that have played James Bond in the "official" Bond movies, which excludes "Never Say Never Again."  My only complaint about the three collections is that the movies are not in order.  I have all three sets because I like Bond rather than wanting all the Bond movies by one of the three actors.  However, you have to take them as you can get them sometimes.<br /><br />Each of the movies in this collection is a "special edition," which is a fancy name for DVDs that include extras that range in value from high to low.  I have been very fascinated with some of the commentaries (those by Terence Young were very fascinating) and some of the features just seemed like filler.  However, what I found interesting other may not, and vice versa.  Rather than listing all the extras, a list of which is available, I will discuss the movies briefly.<br /><br />"From Russia with Love" is one of the best of the Bond movies, and is the best in some people's opinions.  This follow-up to "Dr. No" introduced us to Desmond Llewelyn as Q, gadgets, multiple exotic locales, more tongue-in-cheek, a bigger variety of vehicles, and ever more Bond women.  The production values and budget were higher than for "Dr. No," and the action and plotting were outstanding.  This movie is a gem in this collection.<br /><br />The fifth movie in the Bond series is the second entry in this collection.  "You Only Live Twice" had even more gadgets, more exotic locations, and more jokes.  Someone is hijacking Soviet and American spacecraft and no one knows why.  After one of the best opening credits where Nancy Sinatra sings the title song, we enter one of the weaker entries in the Bond series.  There is too much reliance on gadgets and women and too little reliance on a serious plot.  I also struggled to believe Donald Pleasance as the evil Dr. Blofeld.<br /><br />Sean Connery's final official Bond film was "Diamonds Are Forever."  This time Dr. Blofeld has a plot to steal diamonds for a satellite that then become part of a laser-like device.  He then plans on blackmailing governments for obscene amounts of money or he will destroy their weapons.  This movie inspires either loathing or love.  I like it, but then again I am a science fiction movie fan, and the gadgets and science fiction subplot are geek cool.<br /><br />The next movie in this collection is one of Moore's worst, "Moonraker."  The producers of Bond wanted to capitalize on the public's interest in science fiction movies sparked by "Star Wars."  However, this movie is no where close to "Star Wars," and the spaceship effects are relatively cheesy.  However, the space station is reasonably well done.  This time madman Hugo Drax (Michael Lonsdale) plans to park his chosen people on a space station while he eliminates all people on earth.  His chosen people will then repopulate the earth with their perfection.  Drax is a suitable madman for Bond.  The popular character Jaws (Richard Kiel) appears again in this movie.  Unfortunately, Moore appears generally bored with this one and this movie just never sparks.<br /><br />The next movie in this collection is one of the best in the series, and one of Roger Moore's best.  "For Your Eyes Only" has one of the best spy plots with everyone after an A.T.A.C. system that went down with a British spy ship.  Julian Glover as Aristotle Kristatos is as coldly evil as any Bond villain, and Carole Bouquet as Bond girl Melina Havelock is beautiful and capable of revenge.  Topol as semi-good guy Columbo is wonderful.  The only point where the movie is weak is the inclusion of Lynn-Holly Johnson.  I will leave you to discover what she does to the movie, and what she tries to do to Bond.<br /><br />The next movie in this collection is the first of the two Timothy Dalton movies, which I also think was the better of his two movies.  The plot is complicated this time, involving a defector who is not defecting, and a bad guy who later plays a good guy in the Brosnan movies.  It's all in good fun with one of the most interesting chase scenes ever in a Bond film, involving a bass and its case.  Dalton managed to breathe new life into the Bond series with modern issues and locations that were in the news at that time.  This Bond film is worth watching multiple times.<br /><br />The final movie in this collection is one of Pierce Brosnan's weaker movies.  The typically complicated plot involves an assassination attempt on beautiful Elektra King (Sophie Marceau), and the theft of nuclear weapons.  While there are a number of good scenes in this movie, it is weaker than average.  However, this movie was the last appearance of Desmond Llewelyn as Q, and Q seems to steal all his scenes.<br /><br />Because of all the extras these DVDs require hours to watch.  While the value of the extras varies, watching them gives a fan much more information about the difficulties of making each movie, and how many of the stunts were performed.  I consider these movies to be among the gems of my DVD collection.  I recommend this set very highly as long as you plan on collecting all the Bond films.
Not a bad collection of Bond material, however, this is a mix of various Bond movies with a variety of leading Bond actors. I recommend looking into the 1996 Collections that have the videos in chronological order and primarily by actor. JAMES BOND 007 Collector's Set, Vol. 1 includes all six Broccoli-produced Sean Connery Bond films, to include a 1995 documentary video. JAMES BOND 007 Collector's Set, Vol. 2 includes all seven Roger Moore films and Timothy Dalton's first film. Although these sets are out-of-print, they are still available as used and collector's sets through Amazon.com's Marketplace. If you're like most fans, you'd prefer to have the movies that include your own favorite &quot;leading-Bond-man&quot;!
I finally broke down to purchase all three volumes for a complete James Bond set on DVD. Finding all of the sets online brand new was very difficult. The price was one of the best here for total shipped price.One word, "WOW". The packaging was very nice. The special editions of each 007 movies are loaded with impressive extras. After viewing the actual movies, I found the video excellent and the sound quality a huge upgrade from my Bond VHS versions. It was like watching them for the first time on DVD. In my opinion, these sets are classics for any DVD collection. I did not regret my purchase.
This isn't released yet, but anyone who has seen any of the Volume 1 giftset knows what to expect.  MGM has done a great job on these 007 DVD, and they demonstrate why DVD is worth owning.  The extra features are  great, and it shows that MGM spent the necesarry time to make a product for  the fans.  I am especially glad &quot;On Her Majesty's Secret Service&quot;  is included in this volume.  One word of caution:  although &quot;The World  is Not Enough&quot; is being released as Special Edition, it will most  likely be part of the Volume 3 giftset...
This is my favorite of the 3 Special Edition boxsets. For one thing, it's got 3 great Connery movies: "From Russia With Love" (007 tries to get a Russian decoding machine while surviving a SPECTRE trap); "You Only Live Twice" (007 in Japan must take on SPECTRE, which has been kidnapping spaceships to start war between the USSR and the USA); and "Diamonds Are Forever" (classic Connery 007, in Las Vegas tracking a diamond smuggling trail that leads to Blofeld). I find all those Connery ones entertaining, and YOLT and DAF are two of my personnal favorites, both very entertaining and with great settings. Next, there are two Roger Moore flicks: "Moonraker" (007 goes onto a space station to stop a madman from destroying the world); and "For Your Eyes Only" (007 must recover a stolen piece of technology). "Moonraker" is a bit silly, but I'll admit I find it to be entertaining and I enjoy it more than most Moore films. And "FYEO" is my favorite Moore film, the most hard edged and realistic. There's also a Timothy Dalton film, "The Living Daylights" (007 must stop a group of Soviet renegades from smuggling heroin). It's Dalton's first film, and he's my second favorite, next to Connery. Dalton's Bond is more dark and serious, yet "TLD" is still a good thriller. Finally, there's Pierce Brosnan's third outing, "The World Is Not Enough" (007 tries to stop a nuclear sub exploding and destroying much of the world's oil supply). "TWINE" is one of Brosnan's best, certainly better than his first two. Overall this boxset contains some of the lightest Bond movies, and some of the darkest, offering a good variety of styles and a good variety of Bonds.
This outstanding set includes the films DR. NO, THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN, MOONRAKER, THE SPY WHO LOVED ME, and ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE. THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN is on its way to becoming a cult classic while you get George Lazenby's single performance as James Bond in the ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE, already a cult classic. THE SPY WHO LOVED ME and MOONRAKER are Roger Moore's two epic Bond productions showing off Ken Adams' production designs for the last time in the series. Ken Adams' production designs were first seen in DR. NO and established the look of the Bond films for rest of the series. Sean Connery's performance in DR. NO remains one of the best to date.
In looking for a set of &quot;007&quot; movies I've read a slew of reviews...but the one by Geoffrey Hendricks (9 Jan 04) was the review that said it &quot;all&quot; for me...G.H. you are a funny funny person...you should be writing script for sitcoms!! I kid you not.  Thanks for assuming that the researcher has probably seen all of the films by now and really wants a collection of favourites...you helped me remember why I like all of these &quot;Bonds&quot;.  You certainly write to an intelligent audience. ...N.B. Amazon...you should pay Geoffrey Hendricks for the reviews...the copy: sells!!!
&quot;Dr. No&quot; is the most modest of the set, being the first James Bond adventure. However, there are very memorable moments, like Sean Connery first saying: &quot;Bond...James Bond&quot;, and the introduction of &quot;M&quot; and Miss Moneypenny. Also, SPECTRE is first mentioned in the series.<br />&quot;The Man With The Golden Gun&quot; is an entertaining outing, if a bit over the top (i.e. Scaramanga's flying car).<br />&quot;Moonraker&quot; is the worst of the set. It is completely non-believable, and almost ruined the Bond series (thankfully, &quot;For Your Eyes Only&quot; brought 007 back to Earth - literally!)<br />&quot;On Her Majesty's Secret Service&quot; is a masterpiece. I consider it the best of the series, and it has the most dramatic end in any Bond movie. It is long, but worth watching. Telly Savalas plays the best Blofeld, and Diana Rigg's part as Tracy is nothing less than touching.<br />&quot;The Spy Who Loved Me&quot; is a bit like &quot;The Man With The Golden Gun&quot;: entertaining, if you don't think very seriously about it. Perhaps the worst part of it is that it is a remake of &quot;You Only Live Twice&quot;, but the 70s music and Jaws make up for it.<br />Overall, a must buy, especially because it doesn't contain any of the Pierce Brosnan outings, all of which have a &quot;been there, done that&quot; feel.
This Volume is fairly good, but doesn't deliver the goods as much as Volume one. <p>Here's how I would rate them from oldest to newest:<p>1.Dr. No *** (1962) 2.On Her Majesty's Secret Service *** (1969) 3.The Man with the Golden Gun *** (1974) 4.The Spy who Loved Me ***1/2 (1977) 5.Moonraker *** (1979)<p>Probably the best one in the series here would be, 'The Spy who Loved Me'. These are good films, but they're not as good as Volume 1 and 3.
This set is very nice and completes our collection for 007! We found this set at a local store used for $32.99 plus tax. We are so excited to have our collection complete.<br /><br />We wanted to purchase the entire DVD collection instead of download and view, plus we knew we would want to watch the movies over and over. Which is okay for us as we like to take our DVD's with us while on the road as it makes for some fun times. This has also come in handy when we are out and have to wait for long periods of time.. This happen recently and 007 saved the day! We started watching and before we knew it, it was time to go on to our next destination.<br /><br />So back to the reason we went ahead and purchased this collection. Due to the garbage on T.V. these days, looks like many people are looking for great movies and are turning to movies like this again. Many people are tired of paying for trash T.V. so they have found other ways to view T.V. the way they want to. Looks like this is the growing attitudes with paid for TV these days.. And I know many like 007 so it is in demand!<br /><br />Anyway, our family loves this 007 and glad that we were still able to find this collection for a decent price.. We don't want to spend too much money out of our budget. We are just glad to be able to watch T.V. the way we want to and not have to pay for crap TV. We are tired of today's T.V. shows.. It's really sad that such a good method of influence has turned into trash T.V with the exception of National Geo etc.. Any way, if you want clean T.V. this is it!<br /><br />I can say since we cut cable off we have a better free life.. seems like we have more family time and time to do the things that we want to do. Plus we pay for the movies that we want like 007 etc since it is not on Netflix.<br /><br />These movies will entertain you with lots of action, turns and twist.. Miss those days of movies like this. So if you are looking for clean great family fun, this  is for you.. You will not be disappointed. Our children love these movies!<br /><br />We have re watched many of 007 movies so many times and we are still not tired of 007 movies.. Every time we watch we are still amazed. We wanted to create good T.V. movies with our children as our parents did. I can remember watching great shows like this with my parents and grand parents. This is a great addition to any movie collection!<br /><br />We love the cars, and all of the James Bond characters! the action, the scenes are so beautiful! The movies are full of surprises and will keep you on the edge of your seat wanting more and more! This is perfect for our movie night! The movies are refreshing! Stunning acting from all characters!<br /><br />Some of the movies in this set we already had, but will keep just in case for wear and tear etc. We were missing about five movies and four of them were located in this case so we decided to purchase the case.<br /><br />When you are looking through the different collections make sure you check the content to ensure its what your are looking for. Many of the cases have a few missing are some of the same movies in each case.. So make sure its what you really want.<br /><br />Enjoy! Whew Clean T.V. Yeah! It's 007 your won't be disappointed!
I bought this for my husband for Christmas.  He would watch the movies night and day, if I would let him.....  Shipping was fast.
Bought my dad this for a gift. He loves James Bond. We are trying to get him all of these collections. We are getting closer. Great collections for a James Bond lover!
I bought this volume after buying the other 2 volumes at a closeout store. I love them. The extras are awesome.
Product was exactly as described, and delivered in a timely fashion. I am very  pleased.
I picked up this collection for my husband and he watches it every chance he gets. Bond is an excellent dresser and his style is unmatched by film characters of late.<br />If you're looking for a gift that keeps on giving I recommend this collection.
John Barry began his "official" scoring duties in tandem with his screen credit on FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE bringing a highly recognizable and definitive substantiating sound to the Bond series that distinguished it with his unique and inimitable musical style. That has been a hallmark, which brings a cohesive quality to the whole series even in Barry's absence. FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE is considered to be one of the better Bond films in the series. It follows the directorial style of DR. NO but embellishes it with layer upon layer of style, mood and a richly woven texture unique to the cinematic world of 007. Sean Connery continues his portrayal of the character in the Fleming literary mold but simultaneously continues to refine his performance adding more depth to the character's worldliness, intellect, social graces and wry humor. The plot also offers a more substantial challenge to Bond and poses a dichotomy of villainy represented by the unwitting Soviets and the independent criminal organization known as S.P.E.C.T.R.E. headed by Blofeld (named in the end credits). FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE is exceptional filmmaking.<br />YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE is the fifth film in the series and gives us a resourceful and intelligent James Bond reminiscent of FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE as he seeks out his contact in Japan during the early scenes. Eventually Bond falls into the mode of the impervious hero created in THUNDERBALL. In the first hour the pace is deliberate, but never boring or unentertaining, ending with Bond flying "Little Nellie," delivered by "Q," into an engaging aerial dogfight with four helicopters.  As it moves into the second hour more of the science fiction and fantasy elements take center stage. The film peregrinates until it gets to the excellently filmed battle between Tanaka's ninjas and Blofeld's private army in his Volcano lair. Bond and Blofeld finally come face to face. John Barry composed one of his best scores for this film filled with great musical action vignettes, mood and flavor of the Japanese locale. YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE contained elements of espionage, action, thrills, adventure and science fiction making it entertaining all around.<br />DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER sees the return of Sean Connery as James Bond after a one-film hiatus. After the very Fleming-like ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE and George Lazenby's single performance of a no-nonsense Bond, DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER brought the series to a new kinder and gentler level. The plot is confusing at times but it really doesn't matter because the film does not take itself too serious. DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER, though not a suspense epic, remains an entertaining exposition bringing Bond into the 70s. It is also a very stylized film thanks to Ken Adam's designs for the Willard Whyte penthouse and Blofeld's cavernous mud bath lair and John Barry's above-and-beyond score. These elements were visually opulent and pleasing to the eye and ear making this an extraordinary film of universal appeal.<br />MOONRAKER plays like a compendium of the entire series running the gamut from the serious to the fanciful. MOONRAKER contains many elements to please the diverse tastes of the millions of Bond fans. That is the magic of MOONRAKER. There is incredible action in this film. The free-fall sequence is one of the best pre-title sequences of the series. The boat chase in the South American jungle is truly thrilling. Bond's fight in the Venetian glass museum is a classic. John Barry's score is exquisite and moving, one of his most unique. The dialogue by Christopher Wood is witty and intelligent. MOONRAKER has it all.<br />In FOR YOUR EYES ONLY 007 gets rough as he goes up against an international tycoon on the payroll of the Soviets. This is an action packed film, with picturesque European and Mediterranean locales and a very exciting score by Bill Conti. The sinking of the St. Georges, the attack on Kristatos' warehouse and Bond kicking Locque's car, with Locque still inside, off the cliff were high points that were excellently filmed.<br />THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS introduces Timothy Dalton as 007 and it brings the series back to its roots. Dalton's performance brings comparisons to Sean Connery over other actors that have filled the role. The film looks more like a product of the 60s as it brings Bond behind the "Iron Curtain" and up against the KGB. An emotionally charged pre-title sequence on the cliffs of Gibraltar introduces the new James Bond and is a highlight of the entire series. Alec Mills' rich and colorful cinematography and John Barry's best Bond score in years make this a nostalgic rebirth of James Bond and returns the viewer to his unparalleled stylish world. The plot involves a defecting Russian general but there is more than meets the eye and Bond must use his "instincts" to the disapproval of M to ferret out the truth. Dalton immediately puts his stamp on the role as the thinking man's Bond and he displays a distinct dislike for bureaucracy but remains the ever-dedicated civil servant. THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS is one of the best films of the James Bond series.<br />THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH is somewhat a throwback to what Timothy Dalton was demonstrated with his interpretation of James Bond. Infrequently in an action film series does one of its entries attempt to deal with the persona of its hero with equal intensity as it handles the plot. This is the case with THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH. Visually this film shows how James Bond develops an obsession for a woman for whom he has become intrigued with, her having been mistreated by British Intelligence (in Bond's vision), and the effect it has on him. The results are devastating. All being said, Pierce Brosnan really has the part of James Bond down to an art and science. THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH is one of the most intriguing films of the series.<br />This DVD Volume demonstrates the versatility and diversity of the world of James Bond.
While Collection 1 has the best movies for any James Bond collection, Collection 2 has some of the most enjoyable films in the entire series.  These are still some of the best DVDs out there as every one has lots of extras including at least 1 documentry covering some aspect about the James Bond films in general in addition to a documentary on the film itself.<p>Dr. No - I hadn't seen this one in a long time.  It is a true classic.  I am now convinced it is as good as if not better than Goldfinger.  Honey Ryder is now my new favorite bond girl -- I now understand her fan appeal.  If there is one thing you will get from this film it is a true love for James Bond!<p>On Her Majesty's Secret Service - Has good action and a decent performance by George Lazenby but I don't like his taste for disguises.  Very cool DVD menus.  This movie's main problem is that it spends to much time developing the Bond relationship and has an unusually sad ending, however credit should be given to the filmakers for adding a new dimension to the bond character.<p>The Man With The Golden Gun - Much more fun and enjoyable than I remembered, but I wish the action sequences would have been longer.  I really enjoy Roger Moore's Bond films.<p>The Spy Who Loved Me - It has every bond cliche -- fast cars, ski chases, over-the-top villians, giant villian lairs, lots of gadgets, lots of humor and good one-liners, and a beautiful leading lady.  And for this Bond film, it really works!  One of Roger Moore's best.<p>Moonraker - Corny but enjoyable.  More exposition is needed to bring continuity to the story.  Every scene feels like a setup for the next action sequence.  The film blatently ripps off several hit 70s films with a humor such that it almost is making fun of itself.  It is still very fun to watch.
This set of DVDs is the best collection I have in my library. Altogether they beat any other set. Each DVD is a special edition DVD, not just a normal set. Each one has it's own documentary produced in 1999 which runs from 30 to 45 minutes. You hear very interesting interviews with cast and crew that are narrated mostly by Patrick MacNee of `Avenger' fame. Each one also has a special mini-documentary about some aspect of James Bond such as a biography of the first James Bond director, a feature on stunts of James Bond films, a section on Q branch, a section on the art/set director of a lot of the films and a section on the special effects. These run about 25 to 30 minutes. Each DVD comes with trailers, TV spots and even radio spots; not that interesting. The older films also contain some original featurettes. The DVDs' also come with picture galleries that contain some short but interesting production notes. Usually I find galleries boring, but these pictures are all very interesting because they aren't just traditional publicity photos, but behind-the-scenes shots. Alas, the one item missing here is deleted scenes. Some of the trailers and photo galleries hint at deleted scenes but none of the DVDs' have them. The only other item I didn't care for were the documentaries that were edited together and are moderated by some fellow from the Ian Fleming Foundation. First of all they have too many people on the documentary. They have comments from over a dozen cast and crew from each film. They often don't talk about the film you're watching but some aspect of Bond films or the movie industry in general. Although sometimes interesting, mostly verbose, the commentary is easier to listen to without a picture. I'd prefer comments that are directly related to the film you are watching. A lot of the comments are lifted from the documentaries, so this will be the second time you hear them. The commentary is a feature that I'll only listen to once. Overall this set is hands down the best of any collection I have. Each DVD by itself is good to average, but taken together this set is a must have in anyone's collection whether your like James Bond or not.
Firstly i'd have to say that if i weren't for the huge special features contained on each disc i'd have only given the pack a 4.  Only one movie out of the 5 is in True Dolby Digital 5.1 and the rest are stereo with Dr  No being Mono.  Still i believe this captures the spirit of the original  title and if indeed all had been in the 5.1 format it would have spoilt the  originality of the movies. I personally want to view them as close as  possible to how they were originally made.  The special features is where  this box set gets the extra points.  The makings of and other bit and  pieces provid the viewer with involment in the movie that other titles  should offer.  Seeing how the stunts were performed and how they did  certain special effects is great and still gives you something to watch if  you haven't got time to sit down infront of the whole movie.  Perhaps the  only title i would have changed was OHMSS. This could have waited till the  last set so a more popular title could be inserted.  The other movies that  are due for the last set will definately be worth waiting for with  &quot;from Russia with love&quot; being a personal favorite.  The extra  space for the newest addition TWINE is also a great idea. If you are a fan  you would have to be crazy not to pick up the set. A truly fantastic job by  MGM and i'm definately looking forward to the last set later in the year.
I got the first boxed set and have been waiting patiently for the 2nd and 3rd and now I have them.  This is rare opportunity for the Bond-o-phile to own ever Bond film on DVD.  Like the volumes in the first set each individual DVD is chock full of special features and documentaries so as you progress through the series you learn the history of the Bond films themselves.  Many of these I've never seen so I'm looking forward to seeing those.  If you love Bond then bite the bullet and get them all then settle back with a vodka martini, shaken not stirred, and enjoy them for years to come.
While I think Vol. 1 had more consistantly good films, Vol. 2 is no pushover. <p>*While Goldfinger will probably always be my favorite, From Russia with Love is still a great Bond film (with one of the best villians IMHO). While better than Dr. No, this one can be quite boring at times.<p>*You Only Live Twice is one of Connery's weaker Bond films (see also Diamonds are Forever) and you couldn't believe how disappointed I was when Blofeld was revealed (the whole theater went crazy). I never believed for a second that James Bond looked Asian at all.<p>*Diamonds are Forever was a big letdown after OHMSS, and Connery, who was looking too old for Bond at this point, should have stayed out and Lazenby should have stayed. Charles Gray was also a dud after Telly Sevalas perfected Blofeld in OHMSS.<p>*Moonraker was basically a Star Wars knockoff. With all of the hype that came out of SW, Cubby Broccoli tried something new in having Bond go into space. This was actually a decent film up until the last 20 minutes or so. BTW, I can't stand Hugo Drax.<p>*This is where I disagree with the previous reviewer. For Your Eyes Only is one of the best entries in the series, as Bond returns to earth after Moonraker. This is Roger Moore at his best (never lived up to Connery), and while the action is toned down a bit, it has the best Bond girl in Melina. A horrible villian and an annoying kid kept this from being higher on my list. The best Bond song was "For Your Eyes Only" by Sheena Easton.<p>*Growing up with Bond, I was initially disappointed when I went to see The Living Daylights. The villians are officially the worst in the series, though having a Bond girl (Kara) that needs to be protected is a nice change for Bond. I have recently grown to appreciate Dalton more, but Licence to Kill (yes that's how it is spelled) is still the better movie.<p>*Pierce Brosnan has been a savior to the Bond series. While Connery will always be my Bond, Brosnan is a close second. The World is Not Enough is a good Bond movie, though not as good as Goldeneye. While the villian (Renard) and the Bond girl (Dr. Christmas Jones), are not up to par, Elektra King really makes this movie. Brosnan returns the ruthlessness that was present in the Connery era (look at Elektra for evidence) and it makes him truly one of the greats.<p>***Buy this set, and get the third only if you are a true Bond fan (OHMSS and Thunderball are worth it).
While Collection 1 has the best movies for any James Bond collection, Collection 2 has some of the most enjoyable films in the entire series.  These are still some of the best DVDs out there as every one has lots of extras including at least 1 documentry covering some aspect about the James Bond films in general in addition to a documentary on the film itself.<p>Dr. No - I hadn't seen this one in a long time.  It is a true classic.  I am now convinced it is as good as if not better than Goldfinger.  Honey Ryder is now my new favorite bond girl -- I now understand her fan appeal.  If there is one thing you will get from this film it is a true love for James Bond!<p>On Her Majesty's Secret Service - Has good action and a decent performance by George Lazenby but I don't like his taste for disguises.  Very cool DVD menus.  This movie's main problem is that it spends to much time developing the Bond relationship and has an unusually sad ending, however credit should be given to the filmakers for adding a new dimension to the bond character.<p>The Man With The Golden Gun - Much more fun and enjoyable than I remembered, but I wish the action sequences would have been longer.  I really enjoy Roger Moore's Bond films.<p>The Spy Who Loved Me - It has every bond cliche -- fast cars, ski chases, over-the-top villians, giant villian lairs, lots of gadgets, lots of humor and good one-liners, and a beautiful leading lady.  And for this Bond film, it really works!  One of Roger Moore's best.<p>Moonraker - Corny but enjoyable.  More exposition is needed to bring continuity to the story.  Every scene feels like a setup for the next action sequence.  The film blatently ripps off several hit 70s films with a humor such that it almost is making fun of itself.  It is still very fun to watch.
This includes ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE. I happened to think this was one of the best bond films ever made. Moonraker is in here where Jaws is reunited with bond. it is a classic collection:Dr.No included.
this is probably the best collection of bond films avilable out there! it features:dr. no(the first and one of the best all time bonds),on her majeties secret service (probably one of the best only if sean conery was in it!), the man with the golden gun(a bit goofy but still good), the spy who loved me(definetly one of roger moore's best), and moonraker,(this would have been my favorite bond film except for the bad ending that spoils it all!) of all the other sets, this has my personal favorites. in my opinion there should have had a conery set, a moore set and the dalton/brosnan set but thats not what happened so i'd go with this one! the dvd has all the tailers and other good extras. if you'r gonna bye one of the bond sets, get this one!
Frankly, I was not that impressed by this box (the first box was top  notch, however). In my opinion, MGM rushed this box (and TWINE) out of the  door, at the expense of quality. TMWTGG refused to play the 2nd layer, but  thank you, Amazon, for replacing it. The picture quality of the other  movies is excellent, but none of the movies feature a 2nd audio commentary,  as opposed to 6 of the 1st box. On the bright side, the movie that started  it all is included, as well as Lazenby's only flic, which compensate for  Moonraker. IMHO, you might as well get OHMSS or whichever movie you like  best, and forget the rest, unless you're a die-hard JB fan.
Though the first one was better, the second OO7 giftset holds its own. It re-releases some great films such as Connery's debut in Dr.No but the first one picks better Connery outings with two of his best, Goldfinger and  Thunderball. George Lazenby's On Her Majesty's Secret Service is an  excellent choice however and is better than Tomorrow Never Dies. They made  a mistake in the Moore section, however. They should have put two Moore  films out and two Connery films like last time but instead put or three  Moore films and one Connery. The Moore film choices were weak with the  exception of his best, The Spy who Loved Me. They should have put out  Octopussy and A View To a Kill instead of Moonraker and The Man with the  Golden Gun. As for Brosnan, GoldenEye is excellent but in my opinion isn't  as good as The World is Not Enough. Overall, weaker than the first set but  still good. I can't wait for the next set to come out.
I just bought James Bond Collection, Vol. 2 for my brother and much to my surprise found that THREE of the titles were also in Vol. 1 of the series (which he has).  What a rip-off!  Paid over $100.00 for 3 new discs. Very disappointing.
The unltimate Classic's of 007's Sean Connery and Roger Moore: Dr. No, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, The Man With The Golden Gun, The Spy Who Loved Me &amp; Moonraker.<p>Into classics, this is your choice... <p>Into 007 library regardless of how old or new the movies are this is a must.<p>Into 007 new ones, go for The James Bond Collection (1999).
Sean Connery in Dr. No (1963) the first bond movie ever bond goes to jamica to investagate strange disapearences but he runs into one of spector men named Dr. No bond gets help from Honey Ryder Filix Liter and Quarrel,  George Lazenby in On Her Majesty's Secret Service (1969) Bond meet many  girls as he chases his nemisis Ernst Stavlo Blofed but finds himself in  love with Tracy Draco, and Roger Moore in The Man With The Golden Gun  (1974) Bond faces a man who never misses his target and his servant nic-nac  and soon mets an old friend named and fellow agent goodnight / The Spy Who  Loved Me (1977) bond must save new york and moscow as he battles Mr.  Stromburg and Jaws the giant metel mouth / MoonRaker (1979)Jaws is Back  this time he is helping Hugo Drax bond goes to a space station to stop them  from sending probes to kill the human race bond get help from cia agent  Polly Goodhead , this set is a must for all Fans Bond Fans!
If these DVD's are eany thing like the first 7 special editions, then Bond fans are in for a real treat.  True, only three of the five movies are fantastic Bond films (Dr. NO, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, and The Spy  Who Loved me). But even the two not so grate ones (The Man With The Golden  Gun and Moonraker) will have grate behind the seen facts that will delight  eany Bond fan.
James Bond 007 Collection Volume 1 was a great boxed set of different Bonds (4 different Bonds, Sean Connery, Roger Moore, Timothy Dalton, Pierce Brosnan) and make for some great entertainment.  That boxed set contained 7 films (Goldfinger, Thunderball, Live And Let Die, For Your Eyes Only, Licence To Kill, Goldeneye, Tommorow Never Dies).  The weakest thing about this set is that it only contains 5 Bond films.  But, they're 5 very good Bond films.  <p>The first film in the set is also the first film of the whole series, Dr. No, directed by Terence Young and starring Sean Connery as 007.  In this film Bond travels to Jamaica to find out why Commander Strangways has dissapeared.  He meets three woman during this time.  One of them is Sylvia Trench (Eunice Gayson), who has the honor of being the first girl to be seduced by Bond.  The second is Miss. Taro (Zena Marshall).  And, of course, the last (but NOT least) is Honey Ryder (Ursala Andress).  Bond must confront evil Dr. No (Joseph Wiseman), who has steel claws for hands.  Dr. No is an exciting entry, it's really good when you think of how much the movie started.  If this movie hadn't been made, would we be lining up to see Pierce Brosnan in &quot;The World Is Not Enough?  No, we wouldn't.  This is one trill ride that I recommend to anyone.  The next film in the set is the highley underrated On Her Majesty's Secret Service, directed by Peter Hunt and starring one-timer George Lazenby.  On Her Majesty's Secret Service (OHMSS) sends Bond to Switzerland to track down Blofeld (Telly Savalas), who he encountered in the last picture, You Only Live Twice.  Bond encounters beautiful, disturbed yound girl Tracy (Diana Rigg), and the audience is goin to get a big surprise at the end of this one!  OHMSS is so good.  It's certainly the most romantic of all the Bond films, and George Lazenby does so much better than people say.  Sure, he's no Sean Connery, but he's very good.  Then comes The Man With The Golden Gun, directed by Guy Hamilton and starring Roger Moore.  Bond's sent to find Scaramanga (Christopher Lee), who he beleives is trying to kill him, because he sent him a golden bullet with his name on it.  Bond encounters two sexy woman, Andrea Anders (Maud Adams, who would return to play the title character in Octopussy)  and Mary Goodnight (Britt Ekland).  Bond's up against a powerful oponent with Scaramanga, who's golden gun kills with one shot.  The Man With The Golden Gun is a good, silly entry.  While it's not Shakespeare, it's good entertainment.  The Spy Who Loved Me comes next with this set.  It's directed by Lewis Gilbert and stars Roger Moore.  In this, Bond is up against Jaws (Richard Kiel), a giant with metal teeth.  Unfortunatly, Jaws overpowers our main villian, Karl Stromberg (Curt Jergens), who's pretty darn dull.  But, The Spy Who Loved Me is good.  Now, the last one is Moonraker, directed by Lewis Gilbert and starring Roger Moore.  This is a very controversial entry, because it sends Bond off to space, but I love it.  Sure, it's not really right for Bond to be shooting lasers at the bad guys or flying space shuttles, but if you know it's coming at you, you'll have a great time.  It also gives Jaws a love interest, which is a little ridiculous, but funny.  Moonraker's a great rainy day movie.  Now, there's a space in the box reserved for The World Is Not Enough, directed by Michael Apted and starring Pierce Brosnan.  This entry's a silly, overcomplicated mess of a movie.  For one thing, it makes M a victom!  M is powerful!  She would not be taken prisoner.  And, Brosnan's really dumb as Bond.  As with his previous two entrys, you never feel he's in any real danger.  He's invincible.  Of course, I got The World Is Not Enough and put it in the box, but that's because I'm a die hard Bond fan, and I want all the movies.  <p>The movies are all presented in great DVDs.  The picture and sound (Mono?  Who cares?) is great.  Considering Dr. No dates back to 1962, the picture gets a 5 from me.  The films all look sharp, and clean.  The feature's will keep any fan happy.  Each film comes with a documentary, as well as another documentary about other things (for instance, on Moonraker, there's a documentary about the special effects of the series).  You've also got trailers, commentaries, still galleries, as well as intersting collectible booklets.  The films are also presented in their correct widescreen format.  All in all, this box set is almost equal to the first, but if you wait for a few weeks, a boxed set containing all 20 films will be released in a tin case!<p>My rating of each movie is as follows..... Dr. No gets (out of ****) ****.  On Her Majesty's Secret Service gets ***1/2.  The Man With The Golden Gun gets ***.  The Spy Who Loved Me gets ***.  Moonraker gets ***1/2.  The World Is Not Enough gets **.<p>If you found my reveiw helpful, please vote for me.
These DVD sets (1, 2 & 3) are an absolute MUST have! It's next to impossible to get some of these movies unless you get the sets. I already owned some of the movies, but I just sold the copies I already had on Ebay.<br /><br />Each DVD's special features are very informative and almost as much fun as watching the movie. It's a blast to see all the behind the scenes stuff.<br /><br />A must have collection!
These Bond bundles were apparently designed to package one or two essential movies in each set together with several bad movies. Vol. 1 was a reasonably good collection with not too many weaknesses, Vol. 3 a travesty with the incomprable From Russia With Love lumped in with the bottom of the Bond barrel. This set falls somewhere in between. Dr. No, the first movie in the series, is also one of the best. Man With the Golden Gun is one of Moore's least annoying, I actually found it pretty enjoyable. The Spy Who Loved Me is not horrible but pretty forgettable. Moonraker is a joke, with the worst climax ever. Hardest to review is On Her Majesty's Secret Service. George Lazenby plays Bond for the first (and mercifully the last) time. The tragedy here is that they waste one of the best Bond scripts and the best heroine on the worst Bond. Diana Rigg is magnificent, virtually the only Bond girl with an actual character to play. If Bond was ever going to truly fall in love, it would have to be with her.
Let me just say, I am pleased with MGM's decision to release all of the Bond films for this holiday season.<p>FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE is my third favorite Bond film. I felt that this was Sean Connery's finest hour. John Barry's score is perfect for the chilling felling that this film gives off. I would buy this set for this movie alone.<br />****<p>YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE has great locales and a heart-pumping plot. However, it is not that special. This film overdoes the whole Japanese theme too much. But, the last half hour is back in the Bond tradition. Donald Pleasance is fantastic as the super-villan Ernst Stavro Blofeld. Even because of the comic-book-like scenes, this is a great 007 flick.<br />***<p>DIAMONDS ARE FOREVER is more like a Republic serial than a movie 007 film, but, it is great fun to watch. Probably, the most raunchiest one out there, but it is great. The homo-sexual henchman, Mr. Wint & Mr. Kidd make the movie as well does Charles Gray as the final Blofeld. A great film in the first half but it does bog down at the end. Great fun though!!!<br />***<p>MOONRAKER is silly, over-the-top, has poor special effects, and I love it. This is probably the poorest Bond film but it is an awesome treat on a rainy day. However, this Bond film is big and I mean big! It covers three continents and space. It definitley shows that the cast had an awesome time making this. Once again, silly but entertaining.<br />**1/2<p>FOR YOUR EYES ONLY is like watching the grass grow compared to Moonraker. But it is not bad. A very realistic film which covers many aspects of the early Connery Bonds. However, is slow at many points and can be boring for people who watch the Bonds for the action scenes.<br />**1/2<p>THE LIVING DAYLIGHTS has possibly the most realistic plot. This is Timothy Dalton's first appearance as 007. After reading the Ian Fleming novels, I find him to be most similar to the way his creator viewed him. I expected this movie to have a great Russian plot but is doesn't, you'll have to wait until GoldenEye for that. Definitely the most forgettable.<br />**1/2<p>THE WORLD IS NOT ENOUGH has an intresting plot, a brilliant villan, and a delicious villaness. Sophie Marceau plays the disturbed Elektra King brilliantly. I feel that in this film Pierce Brosnan finally feels comfortable in the role of 007. However this is a sad hour for Bond lovers. This is Desmond Llewellyn's last time for playing the gadget wizard "Q".<br />***
The 2nd collection of James Bond movies was a gift to me. As my title suggests, I do not like movies in mono. They should have re-mastered or done anything they can to not present a movie on DVD in the year 2001 in mono. Rediculuous, IMHO.<p>The movie Dr. No is one of the best Bonds so I have to give the movie pack some positive rating. Plus, DVD is better than VHS so that is a second star.<p>For my money, I would not have spent so much money on 3 of 5 movies in mono. Just not what I'm about.<p>Along the same lines, I bought T2 early on - and it was not remastered at that point for DVD and it sucks as well - even though we all know the content of T2 is among the best. If you can (and if they ever do), I suggest waiting for these to be remastered in 5.1.
As a lover of Bond films, it is difficult to seriously critique them -- they are what they are.  Unfortunately, some of them are...bad.  Gift set Vol. 1 gets a loving five stars -- Volume 2 -- well, let's face it...it  contains some of the worst of the series.  Dr. No is EXCELLENT, and worth  five stars on its own merit.  A must for any Bond fan because Sean Connery  does a masterful job at portraying James Bond as Ian Fleming wrote him.  On  Her Majesty's Secret Service IS underrated, but I would recommend it only  to the die-hard fan.  Lazenby simply isn't likable enough for the role.  In  other words -- it bores me.  The Spy Who Loved Me -- well done and  deserving of four stars.  One of Moore's finest outings, just behind For  Your Eyes Only and just above Live and Let Die.  The others, The Man with  the Golden Gun (so much potential if ONLY they had gone with the Fleming  version! Doh!) and Moonraker are forgettable garbage that bear little and  sometimes no resemblence to the stories Ian Fleming wrote which could be  forgiven if they had improved on them.  They don't. And I'm not an elitist!  Just because a movie bears no resemblance to its own inspiration does not  automatically mean it is a bad film.  These two films are simply not well  made as far as both story and character.  My condolences to Mr. Moore (he  made a fine James Bond -- the fault was in the writers and filmmakers).  My  advice -- save yourself some money and purchase Dr. No and The Spy Who  Loved Me, which are both well made and enjoyable, separately to compliment  or begin any Bond collection.  Then wait for From Russia With Love.
A great selection of Bond movies in this second collection. None of the tedium of &quot;Thunderball&quot; or po-faced nonsense of &quot;For Your Eyes Only&quot;, or misguided vigilante movie of &quot;Licence To  Kill&quot;. Instead, we get Bond as it should be; big, splashy and fun.  Best of all is the controversial &quot;Moonraker&quot;, my favourite Bond  movie and a sheer tonic every time I watch it. Best villain - the  exquisitely precise Michel Lonsdale - best settings, best script - &quot;I  think he's attempting re-entry sir&quot; - and the very best Bond in Roger  Moore. Personally, I can't stand Connery, the grizzled milkman, but Moore  is simply perfect. It's got nothing to do with Ian Fleming of course, but  why let that get in the way of such delicious fun ? Bernard Lee is also at  his best in his last film, and his timing of the final &quot;007 !&quot; is  immaculate. <p>Then we have the marvellously exciting, gritty and  sensationally well made &quot;OHMSS&quot;, which has the best action scenes  of the entire series and a much better performance from Lazenby than anyone  is willing to admit. Besides, he's surrounded by great performances,  notably from Diana Rigg and Gabriell Ferzetti, so his occasional woodenness  doesn't matter a jot. <p>More Moore jollity in &quot;The Spy Who Loved  Me&quot; - a notch below &quot;Moonraker&quot; as it insists on replaying  &quot;You Only Live Twice&quot;, but still a lot of fun. &quot;The Man With  The Golden Gun&quot; is probably the worst of the series, but does have the  benefit of Christopher Lee. <p>Finally, &quot;Dr No&quot;, the film which  started it all. Connery is awful in it, displaying not a jot of class or  charisma,  but Joseph Wiseman and Ursula Andress make up for the  non-presence at the centre of the film.
