Been waiting for this one to get to DVD. My review will be updated when I get the disc, but for now I'll comment on the movie itself and not the disc quality.<br /><br />FWIW this was also known as Eyes of Hell, it is a 1961 low-budget Canadian horror film produced in 3-D by Warner Bros.<br /><br />This is a really great B horror flick. One of those Friday night Shock Theater gems for sure.  The 3-D sequences, four in all, last only a few minutes each. They were designed by montage expert Slavko Vorkapich, and feature an array of distinctively psychedelic visuals, some of which are mildly gruesome. A crude electronic music score enhances the strangeness of the 3-D scenes.<br /><br />The movie is well done considering it's low budget, the story concerns a young scientist who obtains a mysterious ancient tribal mask. Whenever he puts on the mask he experiences weird dream-like visions which become increasingly disturbing and violent. The visions begin to alter his personality, and eventually drive him insane! Wee, what great Friday night fun! Pretty obvious where the later comic book and Jim Carry movie plot line came from.<br /><br />UPDATE: As far as the disc quality, it's good, very watchable for a budget film, don't expect a flawless presentation as I'm pretty sure no master exists that would be better than this disc. Highly recommended.
I remember this one. We were given 3-D glasses going into the theater and were told, "When the guy in the movie puts HIS mask on, put on YOURS!!" Needless to say, there were plenty of BOOO!!! moments. Kind of suspicious of how it will look now. But back then.........if you're into nostalgia and remember this, then buy it. If not, you might e=want to pass.
when i was a pre-teen i watched this movie at my local theater. i remember having the s--- scared out of me by this movie. having watched it recently it's not quite as scary but is still a very good movie. i hope the 3d effect was better at the theater because they are pathetic on tv.
i first saw this film on tv when i was about 7 years old, and i remember it as being the first movie that ever scared me.<p>the plot is pretty simple: psychiatrist fools around with an ancient sacred indian mask that eventually drives him to insanity.<p>im now 23, and after having recently viewed the film again, its really not scary, more like just eerie.<p>the &quot;nightmare&quot; scenes filmed in 3-d (about 15 minutes of the total running time) are truly quite chilling, and the movie itself really isnt that bad. the music is also pretty creepy and does a good job at setting the tone for the film, but the acting and dialogue do leave something to be desired. but come on, what can you expect from an early 60s B movie.<p>anyway, break out the popcorn, turn off the lights, and &quot;put the mask on, now.&quot;
The Mask is a good film from way back when and is also in 3D in some sections when it says 'put the mask on' (meaning put your glasses on'. I thought it was clever, scary and all around a good production.  As far as the 3D goes, it works very well actually there are some moments in there that reflect it's goal and it just adds another element to the film. So all around, as in these movies go , keep an open mind, follow the instructions on viewing 3D, and just try to relax and enjoy yourself.
To 3D enthusiasts this is a one of the best examples of a black & white 2D film with anaglyph (red/green) 3D sequences.  The idea is that when anyone wears the ancient tribal mask (which looks like a decorated skull) they experience strange hallucinations and they become increasingly neurotic and violent.  Wearing the mask is like an addiction, once tried they have to keep returning to it.  The three bizarre 3D sequences are introduced in an effectively corny way - as a voice tells the man in the film to "put on the mask now" the viewer puts on her/his mask (ie 3D glasses).  When the film was first released the glasses were shaped and decorated like a mask.  So the film is an inventive piece of harmless hokey fun with appropriately strange 3D inserts.  However, I found the image in this DVD release quite soft, and although the 3D works quite well (given the process and the variations in viewer's tv screens) I don't think it's as crisp as the Video release from a few years back.  I don't know why this should be - it seems to me there really is no excuse for a DVD not being the best ever quality, even if it's taken from a 35mm print.  These films were projected onto huge screens in cinemas, so why don't they look wonderful on our home screens?  So, a good old classic film but a disappointing DVD.
I don't know what's up with this release...the DVD I got says nothing about included 3D glasses, and indeed there are NONE.  I went to the manufacturer's website, and the same basic DVD cover is displayed, except theirs says, "3d glasses included" right on the front (mine doesn't)...weird.  I see another reviewer here claims their copy came with one pair...who knows?  Video quality is a little hazy, but overall probably an improvement over VHS.  Best 3D is achieved when viewed on a computer monitor.
surreal, dark, awesome!  love this movie, wish it was available on DVD!<br /><br />D
My brother and I went to see this in Ithaca, Ny when it was released in the local theater.  I was 12 and he was 9.  We never saw the end of the movie.  We left the theater and ran home as fast as we could.  I doubt it would hold a candle to Alien which today I still can not watch all the way thru.  Of course, I would have to hide behind the couch during parts of the Wizard of Oz.  This movie made my Mom thankful for bleach.
This is definitely one of those movies that you have to see only when you're in the right mood for it. Otherwise, the low budget, bad acting, and Elvira lead-in will set you up for a &quot;it's so bad it's good&quot;  experience, which would be a pity.<p>This one is out there - a milestone in  the history of the &quot;psychotronic&quot; film. The mundane plot is  offset by the most bizarre &quot;dream&quot; sequences I know of (with the  possible exception of &quot;The Electronic Monster&quot;, but let that go  for now....) They were directed by Slavko Vorkapich, a well-known montage  artist whose elaborate work was featured in many films of the 30's and  40's. These sequences are initiated by our stupifyingly dull protagonist  donning an ancient Incan? Aztec? Mayan? ceremonial mask (with the voiceover  &quot;Put the mask on NOW! supposedly cuing the audience to put on their 3D  glasses with all the subtlety of a large mallet). There's no point in  trying to describe what happens - they are almost plotless, and feature  violent death, astonishingly weird sets (some are reminiscent of Cocteau's  1946 &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;, although far more sinister; others  are more Lovecraftian, as if Cthulhu was in the wings....) and IF you are  in the right frame of mind, they ARE effective DESPITE the obvious low  budget. (I can only imagine what a true-to-form remake could accomplish  with a decent budget.)<p>So - I'd give the dream sequences 4.5 stars, the  rest of the movie 1.5, and Elvira, well.... ;-)
Okay, 3-D has come a long way since this movie was made, but this still provides a fun evening with the kids.  And don't feel bad if you start nodding off 'cause the narrator will wake you up when he shouts, "Put the mask on now! Put the mask on now!"  The story is a bit goofy, but it's nice and creepy when you get to the 3-D scenes.  Viewers who enjoy films such as "Carnival of Souls" and "The Killer Shrews" are sure to enjoy this rose of the gutter. :)
