For the most part, surfing movies only subtly delve into the totally experience of surf adventures.  You may see an airport scene here, and a flat tire on the rental car there.  But viewers may not get the full essence of a real surfing adventure.  Endless Summer II is a tremendous mix of awesome footage at beautiful breaks, interesting experiences from the cast, and delightful break from the typical surf film.  If you have any bit of surfing blood in you, you will be extremely pleased with this pick.
Know what I did the other day?  Woke up with the theme song from Endless Summer in my head.<p>It was snowing up and down the east coast, so I popped in Endless Summer II (on VHS - still waiting for that DVD), turned up the heat, cracked open a couple Coronas with my roommate, and instantly was back in the sun, on the beach, in the kind of place where deeply spiritual connection to people and place combines with waves and nice looking girls in bikinis (or less if you're in Biaritz, Fr.), the kind that only comes from surfing.<p>The thing about this movie: it puts you there through the footage, the people themselves, the locations, and of course, the great music.  Being from Dana Point, CA, this is nice not only in January, but anytime I'm not there in person.<p>The thing I really love about the film is how it remains true to its original roots: too guys travel the world surfing low budget style; one's a brash, outspoken blond, the other dark-haired, more reserved but equally stoked.  This time around, it's Pat O'Connell from Dana Point, CA, and Robert &quot;Wingnut&quot; Weaver from Santa Cruz.  This masterpiece of surfing video -- in a time when many think surfing videos are considered bland, recycled delivery mechanisms for punk bands and spoiled surf-brats -- is a breath of fresh air anytime, anywhere.  I think the commentary and participation in this one by the likes of Jerry Lopez, Shane Matthews, crazy Laird Hamilton, Kelly Slater, Tommy Curren, Walter the Zulu, and others makes it really special, since they show us how different surfers can be and still retain such kinship and passion for the ocean.  What could be more fittingly ironic than Pat and Wingnut tromping over the same dunes at Cape St. Francis that Mike and Robert did 30 years before to find luxury homes, but still some great waves, only a few miles from Jeffries Bay?  Add to that the innocent and inspiring surfing of 5 year old TJ Barron of HI and you've got not only something for surfers, but something for anybody.<p>Bruce Brown has always been lauded for his colorful, witty, tongue-in-cheek humor, and this is no exception (though it is exceptional).  He's also an innovator in the field of capturing the beauty and essence of surfing and the ocean itself on film.  The underwater scenes in Fiji and elsewhere are truly beautiful, and the soundtrack fits together with what's going on onscreen better than Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon with the Wizard of Oz.  The footage of Wingnut's footwork and amazing -- I mean truly genious -- moves on his longboard (shaped by ES I surfer and legend August) in any conditions are unparalleled.  Pat's surfing was so great at that time many thought he was really headed from greatness, and it shows in the shots.  And let's not forget the side-footage of the places themselves: the people, the ecology, and of course, the food, the last of which is a huge part of the surf experience.  You'll know what I mean when you check out the South Afica experience part with John Whitmore.<p>Thanks be to Bruce, Wingnut, Pat, and all the others involved in shooting and being in Endless Summer II.  You've provided the surf culture and the world at large with a gem: true to Endless Summer I, true to the way things are now, mindful of the past, living in the present, stoked for the future.<p>Now watch the movie and go surfing!
I read the review where someone said this movie is full frame, so I referenced this movie on dvdplanet.com. Sure enough, it says it's full frame!!  Unforgiveable !! I think this is 1 of the best movies ever. Who is the bird brained gremmie responsible for sabotaging this dvd ?  Grrrrrrr.  I was going to buy this dvd, but now I will just record from my ES II laserdisc onto a dvd.
This movie is pure goofy fun.  Great footage of surfers doing their thing in some of earth's most beautiful places.  The humor is so goofy and cheesy that you can't help laughing and cheering your way through the movie.  On a winter's night after playing all day in the snow, O'Connell and Weaver are the perfect guides to endless summer fun......
This is a great surfing film that shows the lives of surfers, both what they do and who they are. I highly recommend this flick for anyone who has ever surfed or thought about riding a wave. Once again Bruce Brown has out done himself.
That's a good movie with a good storie and good surfing. I've just seen it once and I don't know how many times I will watch before being bored.
Awesome video, great videography and humorous narration of two young men who trek the globe, catching waves during an "endless summer" of fun and adventure.
It is hard to improve on the original, but this DVD comes real close.  Any surf film can show good waves, but what separates ES II is Bruce Brown's narrative (reminiscent of ES), the characters, and how this movie flows.  There is enough non-surf events going off that it stays fresh from start to finish.<br /><br />Add this one to the collection, and hope that the formats don't change too soon.
I've made it a personal tradition to watch this movie during spring break each year throughout high school.  It always gets me excited about summer.  I HIGHLY recommend this film for anybody who loves to travel to new places.  The guys in this film have the opportunity to go to several exotic places that most people wouldn't even consider for vacationing.  But each place has its own charm and appeal, and the surfers are able to have a blast wherever they end up.<br /><br />Great film all around.  Awesome surfers, awesome waves, awesome producer.  Simple as that.
This film follows a meandering path of a few dudes attempting to get "stoked" while riding waves on various continents. It combines surfing, humor, nature, beauty, and cool. You might even get stoked while watching it & take a trip down the beach. The film rarely takes itself seriously and instead, gives a light side of surfing entertainment. It's my favorite surf film (I have about a dozen).<br /><br />Rent or buy this film for the content, not the quality. If the quality was there it would rate as 5+ stars.<br /><br />Please note; don't waste your time or money on another film called "The Endless Summer Revisited". It's a discredit to have "Revisited" associated with this film.
Simply the most classic surf video ever!<br /><br />Certainly a "must have" for any respectful surfer
this is perhaps the greatest surfing documentary of all time. i thought no one could top the endless summer I, but clearly i was wrong.
Endless Summer II joins its predecessor in the "Classic Surf" movie genre. It's not quite as good as the original or I'd have given it 5 stars.
If you enjoyed Endless summer I then this is a must. This movie  captures the atmosphere of the surf scene and makes you want to just get out there and go for it. The steps of the Endless summer I characters are retraced and new exciting locations visited and surfed. A healthy dose of humour is thrown in as well
The sequel to &quot;The Endless Summer&quot; has much better surf footage than the original and I think that the soundtrack is a tad better than the first as well...but both movies are excellent...makes you wonder when they will do &quot;The Endless Summer 3&quot; !!! Take me along for the third installment !
I rented this video for my 13 and 15 year old sons and their friends everyday for an entire summer! I kept thinking, "this is the last time they'll want to see it" NOT SO! I could have saved a bundle if I'd just purchased it the first day. I made a joke about putting it on a loop so it would never go off. I did not tire of having it on because the music is pleasant, the narration smooth, charactors likable and the scenery & surfing breathtaking. We've since purchased a couple of copies each of Endless Summer 1 and 2 (along with movie posters). The boys are 16 and 19 now and we still love the videos. One son took a special detour to Biaritz France, just to see where they surfed.
Endless Summer II is without a doubt the best movie I have ever seen! If you are into surfing, or even if your not, CHECK THIS MOVIE OUT! It is well worth your time and is the best surfing movie ever. I have been surfing for four years and this movie perfectly conveys the emotions, sights and sounds of surfing. Excellent sound and music, A+ cinematography, some of the best scenery caught on a surfing movie ever, and some of the most influential surfers in the world such as Pat O'Connel and Robert Weaver ever to grace a surfing movie, make this movie a definate keeper. <p>Bottom Line: A+
No other surf video has caught the soul of surfing like ES II!  Of course it has unbelievable surf footage...it also has unbelievable surfers...then you add in the adventure of an around the world trip...but the thing that makes this movie special is it captures the passion that we as surfers have for the awesome power and majesty of the ocean.  Any video can show some nifty moves that the beachcomber would be blown away by...but here for all to see is unveiled a small glimpse into the unique world of the surfer.  Here, unveiled, is a peek at what drives each one of us to paddle back out to the break, day after day, and what makes surfing the most spectacular, addicting, adrenaline pumping sport in the world!  Anyone from a 3 decade veteran to a Kansas farmer will enjoy this landmark movie.<p>ES II follows 2 surfers from cali as they make their quest for the endless summer around the world.  Along the way they visit costa rica, france, africa, australia, and s.pacific.  Their are huge days at jaws in Hawaii, cold days in Alaska, never ending waves at jeffries in S.Africa...all topped off by a bear encounter, a croc chase, and some class 5 rapids.  If you want adventure than this is your movie.  If you want beautiful photography than once again this is for you.  Great movie!  Don't miss it!
This is a very good movie with some excellent surfing footage with both long and short boards. The movie does a great job of capturing the same feeling of the original 1964 movie with a more modern updated feel. I really appreciated the shortboard footage in this movie along with the humorous narration. This movie is a must-own if you are a surfer or anyone that appreciates the soul and art of the sport.
This is a good movie.  I first watched it on HBO about five years ago.  It made me want to surf.  If you don't surf, you'll want to learn how after watching this.  I was disheartened to find out that a lot of the experiences in the movie were scripted... I don't want to ruin the movie for anyone so I'll stop there.
If you are a surfer who is stoked to see some great surfers riding the best waves in the world, this movie is made for you.
This is the coolest movie that I have seen in a long time. I saw it about 2 years ago and I still think that it is my favorite movie of all time.  Even if you don't surf it is a fun movie to watch. It had great camera shot  and humor. The parts in Australia are the best in my opinion. I lve the  seen with the smallest wave too.
The Good, The Bad &amp; The Ugly.  The good is the all that is surfing, which this movie is all about.  The bad  is Hollywood's corporate stranglehold on creativity.  The ugly is all those  amateur movie  reviewers, myself included.  However, most don't know the true (behind the  scenes)  production and post-production struggles between the surfers  involved in the project and the funding &amp; distribution company, which  suffocated many talents. There was some pain involved. Yet despite all the  struggles, an incredible and entertaining 35mm surf documnetary was made,  and should be seen all.
If you surf, or want to surf, or just like the ocean, then get this video. Great footage of some awesome waves(breaks) and also a KILLER sountrack as well. Gary Hoey and Dick Dale. Cant go wrong with that! I just wish they  would release it on DVD now....
The video show some of the best  surfers and breaks ever.  The footage is great.  Some of the best surf in the world.
I would have to disagree that this is better than the original. I'm not saying that it is bad, because that would be blasphemy, but the orginal still remains my favorite.
