I read somewhere that the overwelmingly red look of American Beauty is a symbol for blood and roses. Represented in the film by the flower petals in  Lester Burnham's fantasies, and the blood spilt when the sadness that  hovers beneath bears its face. The title of American Beauty does not refer  to the pretty surfaces that hide the anguish of these people, but the  beauty of their souls when dealing with that anguish. Many reviewers have  considered the title to be ironic, it isn't.  I've heard Kevin Spacey say  that this film is about context, because taken out of context the behaviour  of these characters seem bizzare and even phsycotic, but out with in the  context of their messy lives or indeed anybody's life, it seems natural. If  I tell you that Kevin Spacey plays a character who is obsessed with the  idea of sleeping with his daughter's best friend, a daughter who constantly  anounces her hatred of her parents, a woman so obsessed with appearances  that happiness is but a memory to her, a loner who makes his living as a  drug dealer with a firm rigid father living in denial about his son and  himself, you would guess that there would be no one to like in this film.  You would be wrong. This film is magical in the way it lets identify with  these characters, care for them and worry about their outcome.  Infact  the ideas of American Beauty are nothing new. The persuit of happiness  through the abanodoning of materialistic possesions and the satisfaction of  primal, animal and natural desires was the exact same premise for Fight  Club. This could be a middle aged version of that film. The family turmoil  closely resembles Ang Lee's The Ice Storm 1998, and like that film,  American Beauty ends in tragedy. But as with all masterpieces its not the  &quot;point&quot; that counts, but how you get there. Just like the fact  that anything new you learn in life is the history you don't know, most  originality in movies is the movies you haven't seen and the novel's you  haven't read. The fact that the film remains a masterpiece is a credit to  the execution of those ideas, not their originality.  Our hero is Lester  Burnham a man who goes quits his job, black mails his boss, and goes wild  for a year. His journey of self-discovery is not what your average citizen  would call moral, yet we still sympathise. My favourite scene in the film  is where Lester meets Ricky(Wes Bently) outside a part. Ricky sells  marijuana for a living and makes a lot of money. Lester tells him that when  he was his age he &quot;flipped burgers all summer long&quot; for very  little money. &quot;That sucks&quot; says Ricky, &quot;No actually it was  wonderful.&quot; The heart of the film is this scene, Lester's yearning for  those years where his whole life was ahead of him, when he believed he coul  do anything, when he wasn't such a &quot;loser&quot;. This purity is the  Beauty to which the title refers.  Ricky Fitts is the boy next door, a  loner who likes to film people. His father is a rigid military man. Both  Wes Bently and Chris Cooper who play father and son respectively give  monumental performance equal to Kevin Spacey's oscar winner. Their family  is a contrast to Lester's, and in its tragedy, emotional complexity and  heart break exceeds it. Ricky's catatonic mother is perhaps what Lester  would have become had he not taken charge of his life.  I have tried to  define this film, but its not a film that can be defined. It is one to be  experienced. If I tell that the sight of a paper bag blowing in the wind  will amaze you, you find it very silly indeed. Acredit then to this film  that when Ricky show us a video of a paper bag blowing in the wind, it is  indeed a breathtakingly beautiful sight.
&quot;American Beauty&quot; is a pure cinematic triumph that is both funny and sad.  It's disturbing... and yet, it's extremely provocative and deep.  The film is an extraordinary achievement that reveals a tragic and realistic story about a family that is anything but ordinary.  It's a film with so many layers that it is almost impossible to dissect them all in one single thought.<p>Meet Lester Burnham; a man who feels like he's completely dead inside.  His wife and daughter despise him and do not show him any signs of respect.  On the surface, the family seems like a picture-perfect family that everybody dreams about--but inside is a completely different matter.  His wife is obsessed with material possessions and doesn't care for &quot;petty&quot; things like love or life, while his daughter resents herself because she isn't &quot;perfect.&quot;  Lester's mental coma is rudely interrupted when he meets his daughter's friend and starts fantasizing about her.  The awakening might be due to a disturbing thought or feeling, but the wake-up call changes Lester and allows him to realize that there's always time to erase his &quot;forced-image&quot; and be the person he really is.  This is all a set-up for a funny, disturbing and tragic movie.<p>I don't know about everybody else, but my mind was literally racing around when this movie was playing before my eyes.  It's one of those films that allows you to pick up on something different upon each viewing.  As I said in the beginning of the review, this film has a number of layers to it.  There's so many different meanings and points to the film that it is nearly impossible to describe them all in one little review.  Besides, the fun part of the movie is discovering these meanings and points for yourself.  You know a film is successful when you totally lose yourself to it and allow it to challenge you in every way.  The film is crafted flawlessly and doesn't have a wasted minute in it.<p>The acting from Kevin Spacey is really a sight to see.  He gives his character all of the right needs and feelings that is necessary for the authenticity of his role.  You don't even look at him as an actor--but as the real person he portrays.  It is certainly a milestone in his acting career that will continue to be remembered throughout all cinematic history.  Annette Bening is also superb in her role and brings life to her character, as well.  Everybody in the film should be applauded, as they all make the film what it is.<p>The DVD has some neat features to offer.  The picture quality is fantastic and the sound is more than great.  You have the option of watching the movie in DTS if your system is able to play it.  Extras included are commentary from the director and writer, a behind-the-scenes featurette, cast and crew biographies, trailers and more.  While I wouldn't had mind a Two-Disc edition of the movie, this is a pretty impressive package overall.<p>&quot;American Beauty&quot; is a breath-taking masterpiece with a very high replay value.  It's a terrific film on every front and does not disappoint for a single second.  While it's not a movie that everybody will like, it's most certainly one to check out if you are a lover of films.  If you're looking for something that isn't so ordinary, then this may be the chance that you are seeking.  I feel that it is a unique and superb film that is very hard to express in words--you'll just have to experience it for yourself. -Michael Crane
There's something special about &quot;American Beauty&quot; that's hard to pinpoint. I don't think I've ever seen a film with such a great ensemble of actors - everyone is perfectly cast, from Kevin Spacey's eerily lovable  Lester, to Annette Bening's loopy real-estate broker Carolyn, to Thora  Birch's hauntingly disenchanted Jane. And the Fitts family...whew. Don't  even want to go there.<p>It's one of many films lately dealing with the  disparity between appearances and their underlying realities. Lester's  abrupt break with his superficial world is refreshing, and the chaotic  circumstances that evolve from it are both provocative and entertaining. I  think that, along with &quot;Fight Club,&quot; &quot;American Beauty&quot;  is the best of them all. The beautiful cinematography, outstanding  percussion-centered score, precise and evocative *original* screenplay, and  above all first-rate acting make this movie stand above all the others.  Thinking about the fact that this is Sam Mendes' first film, and Alan  Ball's first screenplay, gives me hope for the future of film in America.  Not every movie has to leave you nauseous.
The first time I saw this film I was left thinking, &quot;...is this what the Academy considers for a Best Picture?  It seems a bit odd for  considering a Best Picture nomination.&quot;  But then as the days went on  I couldn't get the images and music from the movie out of my head.  I must  admit, I am a Kevin Spacey fan ever since &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot;  and to see my favorite actor once again I knew it had to be good.  It  wasn't until the second time I saw the movie that it hit me like a freight  train....this is my most favorite movie of all time.  Everything is  perfect.  Even the surreal rose-petal sequences are a visual treat.<p>The  cast was given a razor sharp script to follow and each actor performed  perfectly.  Thomas Newman's haunting score was very intriguing.  It think  the ultimate scene that touched me was when Ricky (Wes Bentley) showed the  simplicity of a paper bag being blown around by the wind to his girlfriend  Jane (Thora Birch).  The sheer magnitude of his finding beauty in something  like that is why I love this film so much.  The movie has a perfect blend  of superior acting and cinematography.  <p>A brilliant job to Sam Mendes,  the entire cast, and to the Academy for giving this film every Oscar that  it deserved.
I'd like to address some of the criticisms made in earlier reviews about this film and offer my interpretation. The main criticism seems to be twofold: firstly, the film uses cliched characters rather than realistic portraits, secondly, the film offers a simplistic message about breaking out of mundane everyday life.<p>To begin with, yes the film does use cliches. It's deliberate. At no time does American Beauty claim to be a realistic portrayal of suburban life. It uses extremes and saturated emotions, as well as saturated colours in the cinematography, to offer an incisive, sarcastic, and over the top criticism of Western Culture. (Althought the film is set in suburban America I think it could have been set in the affluent suburbs of many Western nations and still have been apt.) The characters are consciously and obviously stereotyped - the middle aged man in the throws of a mid life crisis, the shallow and ambitious real estate agent, the beautiful cheerleader, the latently homosexual marine - but we are encouraged to recognise these as stereotypes and to focus on the way in which these figures struggle with the details, desires, and fears of their world. It is a hypereality that is being presented, and is which is used to mock and criticise the actual.<p>Some have seen the film as little more than a saccharine message about being true to yourself in the face of mediocrity. I think it is a film about the impossibility of just that. There is no happy ending, no comfortable resolution, Lester ends up dead, and those around him frustrated, imprisoned, and weary. It's a film about the way in which society succeeds in alienating us from ourselves and each other, not about trite attempts to break out. Lester's job quitting and his buffing up don't succeed in bringing him happiness. Nor does Caroline's affair or rifle range education. It is the small, temporal moments that give us pleasure: small, fleeting visions of beauty in a cold and frustrating world. Overall, the film ends on a sour note (gorgeously contradicted by the score) and argues that simply refusing to cooperate doesn't stop the machine from turning.
