I have just begun Tina Landon's DVD, and feel that I have gotten more than my money's worth in the way of a wealth of fresh new dance moves-similar to my experience with the wonderful "Darrin Henson's Dance Grooves" DVD.  Both Tina and Darrin are great choreographers; and I love the humor, insight, and sense of fun they express in their videos.  I also find their passion very appealing.<p>It is a real mountain to climb learning your moves from DVDs such as this one-a good kind of mountain that feels extremely rewarding as you accomplish it.  (Nothing worthwhile to learn is easy, right?)  My approach to each routine is to pause the DVD with each count to see where the dancers' arms and legs are.  On other passes through the routines I also slowly move from count to count using the magic of the DVD controls to go a few frames at a time.  I use this technique to follow the transitions of the arms and legs of the dancers to each "pose" to be achieved at each count.<p>I go over the routines over and over again.  And practice and practice and practice them.  I am very pleased with the choreography that I've learned from Tina's DVD and actually have gotten a lot of compliments for them when using them in dance clubs.  I feel that at a bargain price I have been gaining an extremely valuable education in agile dance grooves from a great choreographer.  (I feel the same way about Darrin Henson's best-selling DVD, too.)  Especially considering that I spend hundreds of dollars a month in dance training for ballroom, latin, and swing.<p>There is no substitute for years of training in dance.  (Tina even says that in the video.)  For what you pay for Tina's DVD you get a lot of information, and if you have the desire to put the time in and possess enough body coordination you will learn Tina's routines.  If you go in with that mindset you will have the proper expectations for this dance video.  After all, there is no magic pill to make you a better dancer--it takes work whether from you learn from a DVD or from a private instructor.<p>What you get from this DVD is a little slice of knowledge from a master choreographer that you probably could not spend any real time with.  This DVD is a most welcome addition to my dance instruction DVD and book collection.
If you would like to learn dances done on MTVs, then this is the dvd for you. Tina Landon breaks down each segment of the dance/video she whishes you to master. The teaching pace is just right and if you do not get it the first time,rewind.The instructions are not done as mirror image so you have to do it on the opposite direction.The last dance segment of the dvd is interestin, imo. I hope next time, Ms. Landon will do different dance routines instead of the ones she all ready did in her previous works. If not, maybe she could add a couple of Janet Jackson moves,which i find better than the other teeny booper singer/dance video she did.<br /><br />I find the interviews and other interuptions pretty annoying. I payed for the dance instructions not the interview.I hope the next session will have emphasis on the instructions.
This has been the best dance dvd I've bought so far. Especially made for amateur or professional dancers, don't expect beginners to learn the steps easily. You have to patiently keep on rewinding to get those moves.
I bought this DVD because Tina Landon is one of my favorite choreographers.  She has done fitness videos in the past for MTV that I bought almost 10 years ago and still workout to today. Behind the Moves is nothing like them. It shows you just what it's title implies - behind the moves of 4 videos that  Tina has choreographed. For those of us who have had no formal dance traning, it can be hard to follow because there is no mirror image, not to mention you do need coordination, persistance & determination.  And once you finally do get the choreography down for any given segment, you realize it's only about 30 seconds of dancing. BUT, if you like to dance and are interested in something challenging buying this video used may be worth a shot.
At first I was so excited to order this because I have heard so much about Tina Landon &amp; was eager to give this a try.  I found it so difficult to keep up with Tina &amp; you basically need to have some sort of training in choreography to understand how to do some of the moves.  It is a little cheesy at times &amp; I feel that she teaches a little too fast and doesn't break down the moves well enough to understand them.  As the titles indicates, this is session 1 and after giving this a try (twice!) there is no way I am interested in a session 2! Save your money, unless of course you've had some form of professional training.  Too bad that Amazon doesn't offer a video preview so you can see for yourselves.  Some of the dance portions she breaks down are from Jennifer Lopez's &quot;If you had my love&quot; video, Christina Aguilera's &quot;Come on over&quot; Shakira's &quot;Wherever, whenever&quot; video, Britney Spears' &quot;Oops I did it again&quot; and one by Samantha Mumba.
I hated it...way too cheesy and I thought she was way too fast and a terrible teacher.
