After traveling to Italy three times, I had to have my 'fix' of sites and sounds. I previously have purchased "Visions of Italy" that, while good, only offered overhead shots. Magnificent Italia takes you right into the middle of the smallest of Italian cities up to the Eternal City, Rome. It is really well produced, with just enough 'facts' to compliment the beautiful imagery on the tv. There are 12 episodes, each around an hour covering a different region in Italy.<br /><br />These blurays are three times the length, half the price, and double the quality of the "Visions of Italy" blurays.
For eleven hours of hd video you do get your money worth with this overview of Italy, but this could have been so much better. It is spoiled by never ending fast moving footage from the air that is often very dark. They can't resist keeping the camera in motion no mater how interesting what they have to show the viewer even on the ground. Editing is incredibly sloppy, seemingly done by rank amateurs, who have never learned to remove the most obvious goofs and that a simple cut looks much better than fading and devolving from one scene to another. For the low price, it is worth watching, but this could be a lesson on how not to do a travel video.
Although the scenes in the DVD are all beautiful, the editing is the worst I have seen in any travel films. The film shows, or more precisely flashes, constantly moving images so that a viewer may feel dizzy after watching it for a while. Most of the film is aerial photography, and as such, it lacks details. Sometimes I am wondering if this film was made by professional photographers and editors.<br /><br />On the other end, this set does offer more stuff than any other travel films on Italy. And the price is low, considering the length of this Blue-ray is 11 hours.
Eleven hours of beautiful video, covering 100's of cities, including Naples, Rome and Genoa as well as small medieval hilltop villages. Many church festivals show the interesting culture and colorful heritage of these towns. Approximately half of the eleven hours is street level and interior views of churches, museums, craft shops and wineries, where method and history is discussed by craftsman or experts. The chapters of the Italian alps and aerial night scenes of some of the major cities are especially breathtaking. The music is outstanding as is the extremely clear narration and excellent script. There are 24 separate chapters, which can be played separately or all at once. The video quality is generally suberb, although there are two chapters where some of the aerial video panning is jittery or jerky. There are no chapters on Venice, Palermo or Messina. This video was produced by Italians for Italians who are interested in touring the back roads of their great country. At $1.00 per hour, this has got to be the one of the greatest bargains of all time.
I was born and raised in Italy, and I have visited Italy over a dozen times. I still have family and friends living all over Italy, and every time I go back, I always find something new to visit and explore. This incredible collection has introduced me to many locations that I was not familiar with.<br /><br />Each featured region was beautifully represented with a lot of information about local cuisine, folklore and history. The scenery was perfectly selected in representing the cities and regions.<br /><br />I have given a 4 1/2 star rating, because two major cities have been excluded from the series. Milan and Venice are two distinctive cities that truly desereved to be included: Milan, the business and fashion capital of Italy with the Duomo, (the third largest cathedral in the world), the Scala Opera House, Sforzesco Castle to name a few. Venice, the most romantic city in the world with its canals, and distinctive bridges and buildings.<br /><br />This is a must for people who never visited Italy to get a taste of what they are missing. For those who have visited Italy, this is a great reminder of places they have visited and hope to visit in the future.<br /><br />Buon Viaggio!!
This was a great series. The cinematography was so beautiful and the architecture of Italy is a living masterpiece. I was really impressed at just how many houses look just like they haven't changed in centuries. The house built on cliff edges  and on the tops of hills... Look like something from a medieval tapestry.<br /><br />The narration is easy to listen to and the topics kept mainstream enough to hold everyone's interest.
If you have been to Italy or you just can't afford the trip watch this blu-ray its brilliant. It covers the whole of the Italian Peninsula with high definition camera work and an excellent commentary. After watching this you will feel like you have travelled the length and breadth of the country. Well worth the cost for an arm chair travelogue as good as this. <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004AN0CQA">Magnificent Italia [Blu-ray</a>]
I bought this triple BD for little more than $ 10. I like Italy very much and decided to buy it to have a overall view of that country.<br />The video is 1080i, it is not bad, it would be better if it was 1080p of course.<br />I miss the legends or captions, mainly in portuguese, however the narration is very clear and easy to understand even for a not American person.<br />On balance I recommend this BD for its price. You can travel for almost all Italy sat on your own sofa!!!
Wow three blu ray disks, well done. Limited coverage of prov. of Puglia and some of the larger cities (Venice,Rome,Milan). But still a great buy for the price. This was a TV series.
There is SO much material on this disk. Has a very pleasant "PBS" type feel. Very evocative. It's the sort of disk I like putting on when I'm preparing dinner. Great for stimulation, great for the armchair traveler -- plus you learn something too! CHE BELLA!
I think it's a nice gift with a nice presentation, but once we watched the dvd it's was a little bit poor.<br />I know italy very well and i have to say that this one it's like a "museum" description of the country, and you can not listen to native speakers talk in it's own language...you always have to do it in english...so sad.
WHAT A TREAT . I REALLY DID GO THROUGH ITALY IN STUNNING BLU-RAY.  DIVINE54<br />  ALL THE VILLAGES, THE OCEANS, THE VINEYARDS ON THE HILLS, THE INTERIOR OF CHURCHES. THE PEOPLE.<br />  WOW.
Aerial-view is spectacular!  I love the fact it covers so many parts of Italy...from mountains to seasides, from region to region.  I would of given it 5 stars if they could only do walk along paths and if they had a host to interact with the locals...but still it is definitely worth getting for the beautiful aerial scenery!
If you got a new HD tv and or blu ray player and wondering what to get to show it off. definatly get this. Expecally if you are a fan of traveling or just pretty scenery features a wonderful walk through of italy with over 11 hours of content.  and unlike another simular (but much shorter) video this one mixes things up with not just showing birds eye views but including up close videos of local areas like churches,  animal widelife, and such to really present you a full overview of the country.  Wonderful video quality and great narration as well.  Makes you want to come back for more!
GOOD DVD! WELL DONE. BEEN TO ITALY SIX TIMES AND STILL A LOT I HAVEN'T SEEN. THE DVD WILL GIVE YOU AN INFORMATIVE REVIEW OF ALL OF ITALY.
This DVD has gorgeous views of Italy.  The one draw back, is that some of the words are written in Italian, and it is hard to make out what the narrator is talking about.  But other than that, it is absolutely breathtaking, and well worth the money.
This is without a doubt the WORST informational dvd ever! The seller was great though, they refunded 20% of the purchase price.
