Beware the Ultra edition of this movie. It is edited and the quality is horrible. Eros does it justice. Not edited and the quality is great for the film's age. When it comes to the movie, it's not Bollywood's greatest. However, I like it a lot and I think the music is awesome. If you're new to Bollywood, this may not be the best place to start, but believe it or not this was my first Bollywood movie and I fell in love right away.Romantic movies with great music. That pretty much sums Bollywood up. This movie is a bit different from the common Bollywood movie. It's a thriller which is not common in Bollywood, and the fact that it was made in the sixties and is influenced by sixties culture makes it are two reasons why. If you love the sixties like I do however, this is no problem. This movie starts out kind of confusing so I urge you to stick with it.
Odd Movie. Need the English Subtitles to follow it. Kind of a 60's Musical, Murder Mansion Mystery. With India themes and actors. Some say it is a cult classic. Some say it represents the best of India Cinema (Bollywood). I can't say I would have even looked this up if it wasn't for the opening Dance-musical number that was made famous in the opening of the movie Ghost World. This movie has the complete original version of that fun, catchy Dance Tune, that is also recently used in the latest Hienikin Beer Commercial. This is a very unusual movie, not for all tastes, and the majority of the tunes are India 60's style Romance and Pop type tunes. Kinda whiney, as they go. But, boy oh boy, that great Opening Dance Tune alone will be worth the cost of the DVD. I'm sure you'll play it again many times.
There was this advetisement for Heineken,which i wondered where the song was from.I searched around on the internet and found out that it is from a movie made in India.I have heard of Bollywood i have seen some stores,but this is the first movie i have ever seen from India.Kind of reminded me of the movies my X-wife used to watch from the Phillipines.<br />What made me want to watch this movie was i saw the dance scene at the start for the song titled Jaan Pehechaan Ho,from Youtube.I thought it was kind of fun,i had to watch it a few times it's really cool.I liked the way it was all put together,and it's good the song is a long one.<br />So i watched the movie and there was times i thought that the movie dragged on a bit, as it was a long movie.I actually thought the music wasn't bad for most of it.There was other dance scenes in it that were also well done.<br />The plot is some people were told they had won a 2 week sight seeing trip.Only to find out they were dumped on an island with a killer who was out for revenge on each person there.<br />Obviously i had to get subtitles.
This is a must have for any Bollywood film collector. The soundtrack alone is worth the investment. The film is also very interesting and should bring a smile to most anyones face.
Gumnaam (Raja Nawathe, 1965)<br /><br />One wag, reviewing this film for IMDB, called it "the Plan 9 of India", and I can't say he's terribly far off in that. While it was obviously meant as a mystery/thriller (IMDB also reports the script was based on Agatha Christie's Ten Little Indians, which would bring new latitude to the definition of the term "loose"), watching it forty-five years later, Gumnaam has all the hallmarks of a classic unintentional comedy. This would have been great fodder for MST3K. (Note to self: get ahold of the Cinematic Titanic team....)<br /><br />Plot: at the beginning of the movie, we see a man murdered. The guy who seems to be behind it contacts a series of people by phone before being murdered himself. Cut to the Princess Club, a dance joint where we get the first of those oddly inappropriate musical numbers germane to Bollywood flicks. The dance is great, and if you're a Bones fan, the lead dancer could pass for Michaela Conlin's mom. (That alone might be reason enough for you to catch this. Mrow!) Afterwards, the MC gets up and announces the winners of a lucky draw, who will be sent on an all-expenses-paid vacation to... well, we're never told where. Not that it matters; after a spat of "engine trouble" (we see the pilot obviously fiddling with the controls), they all land on an island somewhere in the Indian Ocean (I think, may have been the South Pacific). Everyone gets out to stretch their legs, including the co-pilot, Anand (Manoj Kumar, already a superstar by 1965; he played the title role in Shaheed earlier that year). Once everyone's clear, the pilot suddenly takes off, leaving his hapless charges on what seems to be an abandoned island. Among them is Asha (Prem Rog's Nanda), the niece of the murdered man from the opening scene, whom mastermind-guy had called to offer his condolences (and gloat?) just before being shot. We also have a lawyer named Rakesh (Bobby's Pran, who gets the Best Beard in Bollywood award); a doctor, Acharaya (Pyaar ka Saagar's Madan Puri); a party girl, Miss Kitty (Bombay 405 Miles' Helen--the only member of this cast to still have a career, appearing in the upcoming Dunno y na Jaane Kyun..., which opens October 22, 2010); Dharamdas, who may have another job but passes his time on the island indulging in his passion for fishing (Brahmachari's Dhumal); Madhusudan (Benazir's Tarun Bose), who... um, I never quite caught what he did; and Kishan (Kathputli's Man Mohan), an alcoholic who's got a thing for Miss Kitty. The party eventually stumble upon a large mansion in the middle of a jungle, where they're greeted by a Hitler-hairstyle-wearing butler (Dev Anand in Goa's Mehmood) who tells them he's been expecting their arrival...<br /><br />It's a lot of characters to throw at you in rapid succession, and one of the movie's greatest successes is that you get to know who's who pretty quickly, and they all have distinct personalities that shine through rather than being a muddle of interchangeable serial killer fodder. On the flip side of this is the plot, which is outlandish from the beginning, but truly begins to fall apart about forty-five minutes before the end of the movie, and really comes unglued during the climax. There's a certain type of ending to a mystery that is, to be blunt, a complete cheat, and this one utilizes it. And then there are the oddly inappropriate musical numbers; while they're not as oddly out of place here as they are in, say, Rain: The Terror Within (nothing like a musical number during an attempted rape!), it doesn't matter how awesome the scenery and how warm the rain, breaking into a song about frustrated love just doesn't seem right when you've discovered a dead body, you know? Still, despite its serious shortcomings (and I rush to add the bulk of the movie's rating comes from that very, very severe plot defect mentioned above), there's a lot to like about this flick. It's very easy on the eyes, the dialogue is witty, the butler is the intentional part of the hilarity (and does his job well every time he's onscreen), and if you're a smoker, you'll wax nostalgic for the days when everyone pulled out cigars and pipes at the dinner table. Oh, and the peer pressure in this movie is great (while, again, nothing as outrageous as in Rain, some of the interplay between Kitty ["I like alcoholics, but I don't like alcohol!"] and Kishan ["Just drink this one little one... for me..."] could easily be construed as coercive; the easily-triggered should take note).<br /><br />In short: if you're a bad movie connoisseur, this is must viewing. Others, take or leave at will. * ½
THIS WAS AN AWESOME MOVIE, IT WAS BETTER THAN EXPECTED.  THE DANCE SCENES WILL FOREVER BE IN MY MIND.  THIS WAS A GREAT BUY.  RECOMMEND HIGHLY.  IT'S LIKE AN OLD BOLLYWOOD FLICK BUT EVEN BETTER.
