In the Spring of 1974 Director Terance Young and company came to Oroville, California to film the Klansman. The locals were excited to have a big studio film made in the small town. However, when it opened at the State Theatre in Oroville, there was widespread horror.<p>The film included a castration, an attempted rape and two rapes, plus a whole lot of racial comments and some god-awful acting. You would have thought that Richard Burton would have done well with his acting, but he was one of the worse. He was drunk and chasing an under-age girl for most of the shooting schedule and could not seem to handle the southern accent. (This may have been the incident that destroyed his and Liz Taylor's marriage.)<p>Lee Marvin, Cameron Mitchell, Lola Falana and a few others did well in their acting but the script shot them down. It was full of racial stereotypes that probably set back racial relations for the next 100 years. (This was OJ Simpson's first film.)<p>I was there in 1974 and saw a lot of the shooting of the movie. It's only redeeming value to me is the fact that it showed a lot of areas of Table Mountain, Cherokee, Oroville and Sugarloaf Mountain (75 miles north of Sacramento in Northern California).<br />The scenery is beautiful but the movie is awful.<p>There are many scenes that are unintentially funny because of the bad acting plus a hilarious scene where Richard Burton "slaps" Cameron Mitchell into a blood pulp. A Classic!<p>All in all a minor film but worth seeing if you want a laugh or two. Warning, the rape scene with Lola Falana is not for the faint of heart! Plus the castration scene makes ME grit my teeth!
The DVD version of this film is a nightmare.  When this movie was released I was the night projectionist is a grind house in downtown San Diego, California.  It was so incredibly offensive that I immediately put it in my "Cult Classic" list.  Imagine my horror upon watching the DVD.  The sound track is perfectly horrible and the "editing" is nothing less than a hatchet job, to say nothing of being a close relative to book burning.  The pitiful Pollyannas who did this have completely robbed the film of its impact.  What kind of a world do these people think we're living in anyway?  I strongly advise against buying the DVD in its current state.
This DVD is Complete Rubbish! No, not because of the Racism, The Klan, Lynchings, etc., but because of the Poor Acting, Film Quality, and Editing. The DVD Producers actually turned this into a PG Rated Fim...Oh, it's still called an "R", but the Lola Falana Rape Scene was Spliced so heavily that it not only fails to move Me emotionally, I would miss it entirely should I blink My Eyes. The Original Opening Scene, Where a Topless Young Black Lady (Jeanne Bell) is tossed around by White Men standing in a Circle is Edited Out as well, the Producers try hard to omit Racially-Charged Scenes, but to do so leaves the Film empty, unfortunately they keep the Redneck Characters intact, the crappy acting from both Marvin and Burton, and a Dull O.J. Simpson, whose own Voice was overdubbed in this Film.....
This is such an atrociously awful movie that it's a joy to watch. You have to be aware of the real life events that were ongoing during the making of &quot;The Klansman.&quot; Burton and Taylor were busting up and Burton was awash in vodka. He arrived in Oroville, California and promptly proposed to an 18 year Denny's waitress. His costar, Lee Marvin, was also drinking a bottle a day. Neither was sober for a single syllable of this terrible movie and their struggles to appear sober make for some hilarious moments.<p>Burton, as usual, dreadfully overacts and his attempts at a Southern accent are pitiful, to say the least. Marvin's acting is much better, but when he has to speak inane lines from a miserable script, he can't fare much better. The highlights has to be the scene in the bus station when Burton karate chops poor Cameron Mitchell nearly to death. The movie was so cheaply edited that you can clearly hear director Terrence Young yelling, &quot;Cut, Cam! Get up! Cut!&quot; They don't even bother to edit out the director's instructions. You will be laughing yourself into a choking fit during this lengthy bus station melee,<p>This is a great movie to watch with a couple of beers. If you appreciate a terrible script, crude sets and two major stars who were drunk out of their minds while filming, you'll love this one.
First off, THE KLANSMAN is -not- a terrible movie, nor in any way laughable-- the subject matter is far too grim to be humorous.  Secondly, Richard Burton and Lee Marvin -do not- appear here either drunk or dissipated by alcohol. They don't mumble their lines or stagger through scenes, despite claims to the contrary.<br /><br />Three decades of political correctness virtually guarantee this film could never be made today. It's far too repulsive with its racial slurs, hatred and stereotypes for modern audiences. The setting is a small Alabama town where whites are a minority that intimidates black citizens with Klan activity and extreme gang violence.<br /><br />Some of the more repulsive moments:<br />Two blacks walking home from a bar are jumped by a large group of armed whites. They flee into the woods, where one is wounded by rifle fire. He is set upon, castrated and executed, as his helpless friend watches from nearby bushes. This man, played by O.J. Simpson,  later becomes an avenging angel who clandestinely shoots one-by-one the men involved in his friend's death.<br /><br />When a white woman (Linda Evans) is raped by a black, she's ostracized as unclean by church and community and abandoned by her husband.<br /><br />The deputy sheriff (Cameron Mitchell) arrests a young black woman (Lola Falana) under false pretenses, and takes her (along with his buddies) to a warehouse where he viciously rapes and leaves the defiled virgin to hemorrhage on a dirty floor. Before agreeing to rush her to a hospital, the sheriff (Lee Marvin) coerces the girl into promising she will claim that four black men attacked her.<br /><br />A local landowner (Richard Burton) whose ancestor was lynched in 1861 when he refused to support Secession, is widely despised by local whites because of his hatred of the KKK and support of poor blacks. The film climaxes on the man's mountain with a deadly clash against several Klansmen. It's a sickening scene, one that doesn't turn out as you'd like.<br /><br />THE KLANMAN is ultimately a competent depiction of outrageous events that soon build to a nightmarish explosion of violence. As brutal as it is, the story holds your interest even to its unhappy ending. Credit for this must go to a strong cast and script.<br /><br />(Note: The PARAMOUNT VHS tape from 1999 is still the most complete version of "The Klansman." All subsequent releases are heavily edited.)
This is such an atrociously awful movie that it's a joy to watch. You have  to be aware of the real life events that were ongoing during the making of  "The Klansman." Burton and Taylor were busting up and Burton was  awash in vodka. He arrived in Oroville, California and promptly proposed to  an 18 year Denny's waitress. His costar, Lee Marvin, was also drinking a  bottle a day. Neither was sober for a single syllable of this terrible  movie and their struggles to appear sober make for some hilarious  moments.<p>Burton, as usual, dreadfully overacts and his attempts at a  Southern accent are pitiful, to say the least. Marvin's acting is much  better, but when he has to speak inane lines from a miserable script, he  can't fare much better.<p>This is a great movie to watch with a couple of  beers. If you appreciate a terrible script, crude sets and two major stars  who were drunk out of their minds while filming, you'll love this one.
I saw it many years ago when it came out in theatres. Good movie, that's why I ordered it this day and age.  The quality was not very good.  The colors were off, the soundtrack was a bit off, and there was a skip in the movie.  I didn't pay much for it and still consider it a good deal.  I happen to like old movies and actors of yester year.
REEL ENTERPRISES is a Georgia-based purveyor of public domain movies, both classic era and modern. Their catalog includes several titles unavailable elsewhere.<br /><br />Despite its bad press, THE KLANSMAN is -not- a terrible movie, nor in any way laughable-- the subject matter is far too grim to be humorous. Secondly, Richard Burton and Lee Marvin -do not- appear here either drunk or dissipated by alcohol. They don't mumble their lines or stagger through scenes, despite claims to the contrary.<br /><br />Three decades of political correctness virtually guarantee this film could never be made today. It's far too repulsive with its racial slurs, hatred and stereotypes for modern audiences. The setting is a small Alabama town where whites are a minority that intimidates black citizens with Klan activity and extreme gang violence.<br /><br />Some of the more repulsive moments:<br />Two blacks walking home from a bar are jumped by a large group of armed whites. They flee into the woods, where one is wounded by rifle fire. He is set upon, castrated and executed, as his helpless friend watches from nearby bushes. This man, played by O.J. Simpson, later becomes an avenging angel who clandestinely shoots one-by-one the men involved in his friend's death.<br /><br />When a white woman (Linda Evans) is raped by a black, she's ostracized as unclean by church and community and abandoned by her husband.<br /><br />The deputy sheriff (Cameron Mitchell) arrests a young black woman (Lola Falana) under false pretenses, and takes her (along with his buddies) to a warehouse where he viciously rapes and leaves the defiled virgin to hemorrhage on a dirty floor. Before agreeing to rush her to a hospital, the sheriff (Lee Marvin) coerces the girl into promising she will claim that four black men attacked her.<br /><br />A local landowner (Richard Burton) whose ancestor was lynched in 1861 when he refused to support Secession, is widely despised by local whites because of his hatred of the KKK and support of poor blacks. The film climaxes on the man's mountain with a deadly clash against several Klansmen. It's a sickening scene, one that doesn't turn out as you'd like.<br /><br />THE KLANMAN is ultimately a competent depiction of outrageous events that soon build to a nightmarish explosion of violence. As brutal as it is, the story holds your interest even to its unhappy ending. Credit for this must go to a strong cast and script.<br /><br />(Note: The <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/6301954955">PARAMOUNT VHS</a> tape from 1999 is still the most complete version of this film. All subsequent releases are heavily edited.)
I remember watching the original when it came out on a cable television premium channel.<br />The parts that where horrifying and I would never forget, have been edited out.I will even say censored.<br />The castration scene, the rape scenes are all part of the horror of the film.<br />  The movie in itself has alot of cliches but, the script is pretty honest in it revelations about how deep<br />racism is embetted in the southern communities, i.e. the demonstration rally for voting and equal rights, where the mayor notices no local blacks are participating and states if they were, he would "have their jobs" at his lumber company.<br />  I have always thought about this movie and I have always liked it. I do not like how it has been CENSORED, which I guess, goes back to heart of the movie itself - change and the truth is hard to deal with. Somewhere the complete released movie is shelved away.
I watched the Klansman on my Kindle Fire. I was appalled to discover two first rate actors, Richard Burton and Lee Marvin, as the protagonists. I've seen "disaster zone" movies before and I must say that the Klansman makes the top five! The only reason to watch this movie is to see Burton-Marvin "acting" as part of a sentimental journey into the past... There's nothing else to recommend this complete failure.
Dire.  By which I mean the DVD which seems to have been authored by someone at home with some free software.<br /><br />The DVD claims to be 112 minutes long (It says that on the packaging) but it is only 100:35<br /><br />The other 12 minutes was lost when this was cut into the pan & scan TV movie travesty that you see before you.
I only recently saw this movie, although I remember seeing a preview of it in the theaters when it was originally released in the 70s. The preview included a scene of OJ Simpson sprinting across railroad tracks ahead of an oncoming train. In the movie this happens after his character shoots a Klansman. In the next scene Richard Burton and Lola Falana are driving away from the shooting in, believe it or not, a Ford Bronco. Next thing you know, OJ comes out from his hiding place in the back of the vehicle, still with his rifle, and asks Burton to stop and let him out in a rural area. After a heated discussion, he leaves after also pulling a hunting knife out of the Bronco. Coincidence or beyond coincidence?
Firstly,this is not a great film,but what gets me is that films once passed and realiesed,should be left complete and in their proper run time.This vhs copy is the only real 112m version on the market,all the dvds have scenes missing,why bother putting them out if not whole.It has happened to lots of movies over the years.The Klansmen is one that has been a victim of polictial correctness,as a film buff I find this a pity,ok the subject matter is not for everyone,and we hope in our modern society we do not full back into this race hate time zone,but this is part of 70s movie history,let future movie fans see it as it was made,as for burton and marvin being drunk on set,well again let the film be judged by yourself,I for one think they were,and to finish buy this copy as no way will it get a blu ray realise,not for the subject matter,but because hollywood wishes to move 100,000 copies of a film not a couple of 100s,get this vhs copy before its gone forever. Guy Vase Aberdeen Scotland,oh and film gets two stars for its time in movie history not for being any good,just shows how some movies have been made in the past
The Klansman a 1974 thriller Starring Lee Marvin and Richard burton is a delberate rasict picture and makes no qualms about it that's why it's an okay film. Marvin is an honest sherrif caught in the crossfire between the whites and the blacks over the rape of a white woman by a blackman. Burton  with a southern accent pretty funny to hear plays a local landowner who  comes under fire because black men and woman work for him and he thinks  that both white and black should get along. Grusome But yet interesting  film dealing with a subject that's been around for centries. Critics pan  this film I do not because even though it's not the greatist film it does  show people about racial bigotry and how it can lead to viloence. Most  films today would rather make some sort of joke when it comes to dealing  with films like this The Klansman is a good film and does well with it's  subject. Lee Marvin did a good Job in this film. It's a shame he died too  prematurly.
I can't believe two great actors would lend their names to this catastrophe.  It wouldn't even make the B-movie list.  Reviewers said there was a lot of editing out of violence. I can't imagine what could be restored to make this worth anything.  It was cliche-ridden, poorly written and poorly acted. For example Burton's character was supposed to be crippled--Richard Burton hardly ever maintained that simple bit of acting.  The Klan was an evil entity.  Actually more insidious than the film depicts. So much more could have been made out of the story. Even the climactic scene was cut short.  I can't believe it, but the best acting was done by OJ Simpson.  Then there was the penniless white woman who was raped, She had a hair color job and make up that would have cost a month's salary--not convincingly destitute.  Her rape was never cleared up--among several loose threads left dangling.<br />  It was even worse than  the first BILLY JACK from the same era.
If you watch this and look at it right here right now you'll forget about the fact that it's ultra low budget. O.J. Simpson stars in a low budget look at the KKK.
I was nine years old in 1974 when this picture came to film in Oroville, California. I'm a native of Oroville.  Although the quality of the performance of the main characters leaves much to be desired,It leaves a good feeling when I view the picture now to see some scenes in Oroville (and some surrounding areas) that have REALLY changed over the past thirty three years. Many of the extras I know along with the memory of one Saturday when a scene was filming downtown were the Butte County Courthouse was once located.
I don't know who was more lubed, Marvin or  Burton.  Lola Falana is the victim of a really brutal gang rape, OJ Simpson is whacking people left and right.  Not even bad enough to be funny.  Hard to believe the same man who directed FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE was involved.  Save your money.
