I spent the first 10 years of my life in harlem, and the place just had a profound effect on me. We moved in the late 80's and I always wondered what happened to harlem...like their was a part that was missing. Harlem Diary, really takes a poignant look at young black people, showing the real "us" as a  thoughtful and intelligent people, telling their own stories....it was moving
This video features 9 Harlem teens of diverse backgrounds and interests who narrate and document their own stories on film.  Essentially, the producer gave them cameras and &quot;turned them loose&quot; -- hence the title, &quot;Harlem Diaries.&quot;  The end result is awewome -- eye-opening, poignant, tragic, inspirational, moving in the extreme.  I haven't seen the film since last year, when I last showed it to my 6th grade students, but I'll never forget these teens and all that they've had to overcome, and their determination to rise above their circumstances.  Among these is the young man who essentially had no parents -- his mother, a drug addict dying of AIDS, and his father a prison inmate.  He practically raised himself on the streets and ended up in prison himself as a result of the things he did to survive.  In prison he learned how to cook, and anxiously looked forward to his impending release.  While waiting, however, his mother died of AIDS, so when he did get out of prison, there was no one to greet him, nowhere for him to go -- an unforgettably haunting scene.  He had a little daughter he wanted to help raise and support, so he found a job as a short order cook.  I couldn't help coming to care deeply about this youth.  His story was a nail-biter to the end because it kept me wondering, &quot;Will he be strong enough to stay on the 'straight and narrow,' or will he 'cave' and go back to a life of crime?&quot;  Also featured are the equally compelling &quot;diaries&quot; of a teen television soap opera star, a college-bound youth, a college drop-out, a young lady mourning the death of her boyfriend in a drive-by shooting, a talented young man trying to break into the entertainment business as as a rap/ reggae singer, and an equally talented young man trying to make it as a boxer, among others.  Often &quot;urban,&quot; &quot;ghetto&quot; youth are stereotyped to fit into one basic, somewhat negative, image.  This video explodes all stereotypes to reveal the rich diversity, complexity, and &quot;depth&quot; of these young African-American human beings.  The stories may sound typical, but the individuals are not.  Undoubtedly, they'll surprise and move you.
