I think most of the people who reviewed this missed the point--it's hilarious.  I'm a woman and I think it's one of the funnies all-time B movied I've ever seen; and Ed Wood would have loved it.  Sure, it's got some mild nudity, but it's got the bear, the still, the "robot", the old-time bank robbers, the seal, the hot air balloon, etc.  It's incredibly stupid, but so funny you'd have to be dead not to laugh.
I got this dvd a while back, Never heard of it before or much of it since, But it's a Fun little Risque Film, Kind of in The Porky's Type Genre if you ever seen Porky's which is a awesome film. Of course you cannot compare it to Porky's..But its that Genre. Funny Hi Jinx College Flick.
this film is like a clean verson of bambie does dallas. but with a better story line. a good film on college girls being bad and play touch football in wet t-shirts. just a good cheesy film from the 80's
HOTS - Help Out The Seals.....uh huh....two Words- Susan Kiger!!  I remember her from her Playboy pictorial, January 1977....W-O-W!  Her scenes are worth the price alone....and the football game...!!  Yes, it's all great fun....! recommend this film for a silly, sexy diversion from life's trials and tribulations.
This is one of those even-less-than-low low budget films of the late seventies.  It's just your typical sorority house boob-fest with a lot of unknown actresses and actors.  The only familiar actor I've seen in this film was Danny Bonaduce (from The Partridge Family).<br /><br />Lots of topless nudity, adding hope to all that atrocious bad acting from every character.  But still, I'd never miss a cheesy, campy, ditzy girls-gone-wild eye-candy film to kill some time on my weekends while having a few beers.<br /><br />It's up there (well, maybe down there) with Pom Pom Girls, The Van, and the such for typical low budget politically incorrect "babe fests".
Not much to add as many of the other reviewers describe this piece of goofy frivolity perfectly.  The "high point" is the football game at the end.  Playboy Playmates, breasts, and goofy hijinks.  There really isn't much reason to watch this other than the fact there are a lot of topless women in this movie.  'Nuf said.
I remember these 'B' movies from way back...in fact I remember when Susan Kiger became a playmate! Great watch! The plot? What does it matter! If you are like me, plots in these old flicks never meant anything, we watched for the women! Still a kid at heart? This is for you!
I never got this product.  I recieved an e-mail that mentioned, the product was returned to the whare-house, and my money was re-funded
