Although I am a big Laurel and Hardy fan I will be totally honest about this dvd. In a way I am glad to have these two films on dvd. The quality on the two films do differ. However I feel that the version of Utopia is far superior than the version that was available on video tape. The version of The Flying Deuces is not bad, but it is out of sync. Both versions are complete american versions(the european version of Utopia is longer than the american version) but until that version is available this will sufice. Granted Utopia all around is generally a bad film, but compared to their 1940-1945 films at MGM and 20th Century Fox where they had no say or control on the films they were making, it in a way shows some of thier old style and gags from their Hal Roach films. Stan Laurel was very ill during production and it definitely shows in his appearance and he later regretted completing this film. Today I am glad, as I am sure many people are ,that he at least was able to finish the film. In closing until better versions become available this dvd even though far from perfect is still ok.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: the studios really need to stop letting tiny, amateur production companies release their movies on DVD. This Laurel & Hardy DVD is a prime example of why. The most obvious and infuriating problem is that the soundtrack is not synched up to the action; it's about 2 seconds behind. Unless you enjoy "the boys" looking like a dubbed Japanese movie, this is going to drive you crazy. The picture quality is also really poor; I have a VHS copy of "Flying Deuces" that looks better than this. The trivia game was a nice idea, but poorly executed; "what color is Stan Laurel's hair?" How would I know---all their movies are in BLACK AND WHITE! Oy. I thought I was getting a nice double feature for a good price, but I ended up getting what I paid for: cheap movies. Save your money.
Flying Deuces is perhaps the best Laurel &amp; hardy film ever.  I loved it, however it is offset by possibly the worst Laurel &amp; Hardy film ever in &quot;Utopia&quot;, Stan Laurel looked very thin and unhealthy and old and Hardy was the biggest he had ever been in the films...although there were humorous parts to it overall it was a pretty big stinker...but &quot;Flying Deuces&quot; is worth the purchase by itself.
This DVD produced by (shudder) Madacy offers a very good Laurel and Hardy film (&quot;Flying Deuces&quot;) with a very, very poor one (&quot;Utopia&quot;, AKA &quot;Atoll K&quot;). Bad picture quality (with compression) is evident on both films, along with wafer thin sound.<br />The extras are typical of Madacy. There's a trivia game, filmography, and some biographies.<br />All in all, you should stay away from this to find a better transfer of 'Flying Deuces.'
I bought this movie for my mom who loves Laural and Hardy.  She just loved it.  I recommended it to anyone who loves a good wholesome funny movie.
one the whole its not a bad film but it far from the best of laural and hardy films but if your a real fan you wont be that disapointed.  HOWEVER....DURING THE FILM I DID NOTICE A SLIGHT DELAY IN THE SYNC WITH THE  SOUND OF THE FILM!
