I am not in the target audience and did not expect to see this movie, just picked it up for my daughter. However, I found this film to be very good, especially the performance of Freddie Prinze (Ryan) and Clarie Forlani (Jennifer). The way they play the changes in feelings between them is well acted and interesting. The dance scene is outstanding and really puts you into the film. I purchased the film after renting it I enjoyed so much--not something I normally do.<p>Clarie provides an outgoing personality that plays very well with  Freddie's quiet character who's feelings warm to a roast as the movie reaches its love scene. The final scene is the movie's peak  and as well done as any I have enjoyed. <p>The first level of the movie is standard boy meets girl. But below the surface are two individuals that have many conflicting emotions. This was well played by Freddie when at a party he asks if his &quot;sis&quot; wants to leave. Claire, the sis, is involved with a guy and wants to stay. This scene shows how Freddie both wants her to follow, he rescued her from another guy earlier and subconsciencely hopes to do it again to be with him, and having to wait for her to really take notice of him and not knowing how to show her, since they are &quot;just friends.&quot;  He also turns down another girl at the same party before he trys his &quot;rescue.&quot; <p>The other two main characters, Amy and Steve, contrast well against Ryan and Jennifer showing youth confusion on self identity in a way that lets you enjoy Ryan and Jennifer but not tire of their predictable growing relationship. (We know at the start what should happen by the end of the movie.) Amy and Steve also show in a &quot;louder&quot; way what it is like to find identity, something Ryan and Jennifer must do if they are to get together.<p>I enjoyed this movie for the acting, character chemistry, interesting use of a character bringing the audience into her experience (Jennifer's music man break-up) and the many emotions considered through out the film, and finally the fun the characters showed in trying to deal with their lifes together.
Misery loves company. I became addicted to this quirky, somewhat surreal romantic comedy when a long term relationship of mine ended. To watch Freddie Prinze Jr. and Claire Forlani as long-time friends navigate through the minefield of failed relationships and teen angst only to eventually consider getting together themselves seemed like the perfect anecdotal medecine to relieve what I was going through at that time. Yes, it's ultimately a funny and touching drama that taps into that need for comfortable feel good stories to put the sparkle back into life. Really, it bears more than a striking resemblance to WHEN HARRY MET SALLY in both structure and themes. (Is it a surprise they are both favorites of mine).<br />Ultimately my favorite part of the movie is the first half. The movie starts with a young Ryan and Jennifer meeting for the first time on a plane from New York to Los Angeles. Their encounter remains so memorable that five years later Ryan recognizes Jennifer during a football game. As luck would have it the two also eventually end up both in college at Berkeley and bump into each other in a series of When-Harry-Met-Sally-esque encounters over a number of years.<br />Prinze definitely plays against type here, he doesn't play a hotshot high school football star but instead Ryan is a difficult, unsure teen attempting to make his way through an engineering degree and Forlani is the confident, assured college girl who has no trouble getting dates, but is unable to maintain  any long-term commitment.<br />Providing possibly his funniest performance is Jason Biggs (of American Pie fame) who plays Ryans college roommate Hunter (well that's not his real name but he feels it sounds better when picking up girls). From his introduction  - getting stuck in a storage case to his eventual success in  the girl department - his all too rare screen moments provide some great humor and lend a certain charm to the movie giving it an edge over the adult movie that so clearly inspired it.<br />I've seen this movie numerous times, its one of my guilty pleasures that speaks to me on so many levels.<br />Incidently if you have seen this movie on television the chances are that you have not seen it all. I have seen "Boys and Girls" shredded to bits on network tv.
Should you be yourself, or smooth out the rough edges?  What about opposites?  After many bad endings, how do you know if love is going to be worth the trouble?<p>Jennifer & Ryan are pre-teens when they meet.  Jennifer is being very forward, discussing the implications of her period.  Ryan is a geek, trying to plan everything, who doesn't think Jennifer is his type, and pushes her away.  As the plane takes off, he is afraid of flying.  I actually missed this symbolism, but something at the end of the movie reminds you of it.<p>For the next 5 or so years, and dozens of chance meetings, this scenario repeats until the viewer can hardly stand it.  Ryan will not pick up on Jenny's advances.  For contrast, his roomate works entirely too hard at meeting girls.  Does Ryan play it too straight and careful?  Is Jenny too slutty?  Is her roomate gay?  There are lots of interesting angles and subplots, exaggerated so you don't have to be a genius to pick them up, which I find helpful.  :)<p>For the next 3 years Ryan & Jenny are best friends.  Then something complicated happens, involving all four characters (including Jenny's roomate).  No, not group sex, it's not that kind of movie, but some strange things, and I will try not to give awayany more .<p>What do you get when you cross Eric Rohmer (director of French "talkie" films about the early stages of relationships, in fact he made one called "Boyfriends and Girlfriends") with Jane Austen (early 19th century author of carefully plotted romances, e.g. the award winning "Sense & Sensibility")?  You get something like "Boys & Girls."  Unfortunately, it is the only movie in this vein that Robert Isgrove directed.<p>Ultra-feminists will not like the ending.  Everyone else will.  A few people will not like the way the flashbacks are done, but it is not overdone.  Audio track is selectable for English or French (suggesting Isgrove was possibly aware he was making an intellectual French-style movie, albeit the ending is very American rom-com).  Subtitles can be had in Spanisn or English (for the hearing impaired).  Lots of previews of other similar movies on the DVD, but no info about cast, director or "making of."  Decent pop soundtrack.<p>As long as your expectation is reasonable (it's not quite as silly and cute as a teen comedy - they meet only once in high school years, most of the action is in college, and they do sometimes pass up parties to hit the books), you should enjoy the movie.
Sometimes movies have a tacked-on extra ending that runs simultaneously with the credits. This is such a movie, and I suspect I'm going to be considered a flake for admitting it, but I'm going to go ahead and and admit it anyway - That extra ending was the only reason I bought the DVD. Without it, I don't think I would have bought or even rented this movie in either format. The extra ending in this case is a hilarious dream sequence about flatulent supermodels. Without it, I'd rate this two stars at best. The main body of the movie is a romance between two characters (not appearing in the end dream sequence), played by on the one hand Claire Forlani, and on the other by either Freddy Prinze, Jr. or Chris Klein, I can't remember which. With me, it's funny about all three of those performers. I've liked Claire Forlani in some movies, especially in her show-stealing role in ANTITRUST. As for Freddy and Chris, I've liked them in several movies each and have no trouble telling them apart while watching them. But when I contemplate movies in retrospect, they tend to run together (this being by no means the first time). My trouble with the main story is that I just didn't find Claire Forlani's character substantially likeable. Most of the time I thought the guy deserved better and ought to break up with her. That made for a long and ponderous movie to see if he would. Seems a waste of talent, because Claire can play so much better. Neither effective romance nor effective madcap satire, her performance is trapped in a noperson's land in between. A friend of mine actually says that that's the real symbolic connection between the main body and tacked-on ending - That's the joke's on us if we thought it a seriously romantic picture. Instead, my friend says, the subtle message for those of us perceptive enough is that Forlani's character is like unpleasant backed-up flatulence, and the supermodels symbolize the beauty of it all finally passing on by way of the movie ending. Well, I don't want to go so far as to conclude that. Claire Forlani is clearly an actress with potential, and it's better to not quite compare any of her formative performances to trapped gas. But as for her particular character herein, it's hard not to call her a pain in the area brought to mind by that supposed symbolism.
Ive been looking for this movie for a while.  I love this movie, glad i found it!  Very pleased with this purchase.
I loved this movie. Though it is older, it is just a good, fun love angst comedy kind of like John Hughes used to make. My nearly 8 year old daughter and her 15 year old babysitter liked it so it appeals to a few different age groups depending on maturity level. Even my husband said it was ok. There are a few lame points, but they are almost lame enough to be funny.
I absolutely love this movie. Who out there hasnt fallen at least once for their friend of the opposite sex? The relationship between Freddie Prince Jr and Claire Forlani's character is something all of us can relate to. The dance scene with Claire and Freddie was actually really good. This movie reminds me of when it first came out and when i first watched it in middle school. I love it.
Overall, Boys and Girls is a story of a couple who, for some reason, keep having odd encounters. An assertive female character meets a very insecure male, ending in a twisted plot of love.<br /><br />My first encounter with this movie was actually on TV. After, I had to buy it in order to watch the beginning half that I missed.<br /><br />This movie has strong dialogues and will open your mind about the relation between a male and female's best friend relationship. The brute honesty in a few scenes had emotional & great diction which was worth buying the movie alone. I would repeat the scene and personally recite the lines along with the movie each time.<br /><br />If you're someone who's ever had a relationship where you were the less outgoing of the two, or had feelings for your best friend, this little tale of a twisted destiny is highly recommended.
I'm a Freddie Prinz fan and I was so happy to have found this movie on tape. I was really hoping to find it on DVD, but I guess that they didn't make this movie on DVD..lol. Still I'm very happy to own this movie!
If you're looking for a good laugh and maybe a tear or two, you might want to watch &quot;Boys And Girls&quot;. With a great script and strong cast (Jason Biggs, Claire Forlani and Freddie Prinze Jr.), this movie sheds new light on the so-called 'teen flicks'. It has a great plot and a story-line: Jennifer (Claire Forlani) and Ryan (Freddie Prinze Jr.), bump  into eachother in a airplane flight and keep on bumping into eachother throughout high school and college. Through all this, they develop a strong bond of friendship between one another. Having Hunter (Jason Biggs), Ryan's room-mate adding to the number of laughs, this movie is definitely fit for any one out there. You'll just have to see for yourself to see if Jennifer and Ryan manage to become a little more than friends or not...
I'm mostly all for the cavity-causing sweet movies with those same plots (boy meets girl, boy and girl fave a problem, boy and girl get together). I've seen dozens of movies like this: She's All That, Loser, 10 Things I Hate About You... but somehow this ranks as a low. The whole movie I knew what the ending was going to be (not surprising) and prayed that it wouldn't be it. This movie wasn't even that cute. But there were good parts, like the foam party scene, and every scene with Jason Biggs (I'm sooooo not a fan, but even though I've seen a lot of his movies, this is his best). I'd recomend this movie if you REALLY love this type or you just want a movie and don't care which.
I actually rented this movie &quot;accidentally,&quot; and I must say I was quite impressed by Claire Forlani. I had never seen her before this movie and, while the movie's plot isn't exactly deep or innovative, Claire's performance as Jennifer was evidence that she has a special &quot;magic&quot; and screen presence.  I enjoyed the rented movie so much that I bought the DVD!
I wasn't expecting much from this movie but I really liked it. I'm not even in my teens so I can't be the &quot;target audience&quot;...but what can I say, it's very entertaining and I loved it.
This attempt at a teenage 'When Harry Meet Sally' is perhaps the most unsettling films I have seen in quite some. How could any highly - paid studio executive OK this - the cast and script rank among the worst I have every seen. Prinze was wrong for the lead (Rushmore lead would have done much better), while Biggs was sleepwalking through the picture. This could have been a very good teen pic - but the script needed work. The end result is a painful waste of our time and money - and the studios money. Avoid - at all cost. Instead(same genre): Ten Things I Hate About You, Rushmore, or any John Hughes 80s teen pic.
This movie was terrible.  Basically Freddie Prince and Claire Forlani have a habit of running into each other before they eventually become friends and then, of coarse, more than friends.  Nothing in this film was original.  Prince and Forlani don't like each other at first, they have strange best friends, and a final sequence in the airport where one of them is leaving. The only redeaming parts of this film are Forlani's beauty and some decent comic relief provided by Jason Biggs, who plays Prince's roommate and only friend.  In fact the funniest part of this movie happens during the final credit sequence in which Biggs has a dream with Victoria Secret models that want him to fart.  Other than that this movie was just a waste.
This shameless (or should I say shameful) ripoff of "When Harry Met Sally" gives us all the neuroses without any of the humor of its entertaining predecessor.  There was no attempt to disguise the intellectual larceny on the part of writers Andrew Lowery and Andrew Miller, right down to naming Freddie Prinze, Jr.'s character Ryan, after Meg Ryan, who in WHMS played the character after whom Ryan's character was patterned.  There is further irony here since Freddie Prinze, Jr. is fast becoming the male Meg Ryan, never venturing beyond the safety of sappy romantic comedies.  Unfortunately, his choice of projects has been far more jejune with narrower appeal.<p>If you have seen WHMS, you know the plot of this film.  Boy meets girl; boy hates girl.  They are thrown together periodically, and they eventually develop a friendship despite their differences.  This develops into love, sex, denial, and finally resolution.  They are both extremely socially challenged and neurotic.  Their differences are so irreconcilable that they really belong in different movies.<p>This film tries to be a romantic comedy, but it is really a tragedy with a side order of hapless humor provided by Jason Biggs.  Even Biggs' scenes are not very funny.  The funniest scene in the film was a deleted scene they included in the credits with Biggs having a gas with some lingerie models.<p>Claire Forlani was excellent as Jennifer, the flaky free spirit.  She was ditzy and lovable with moments of intense lucidity that kept the character from being farcical.  Forlani's performance is the only thing that holds this film together.  Freddie Prinze, Jr. gives his standard good-looking-nice-guy performance.  He had one decent scene at the end, during the couple's confrontation overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge, where he actually showed that he could act.  Otherwise, it was bland performance.  In Prinze's defense, Ryan was a dud and it would have been difficult to make him interesting without losing the essence of the character.  Jason Biggs did the best he could with a loser of a character and weak lines.  He is a much funnier performer than this film let him be.<p>This romantic comedy is neither romantic nor funny.  I rated it a 4/10.  See the original; it was both.
I'm still not quite sure what to make of this (which makes Claire Forlani look gorgeous).  Not as good as &quot;She's all the That&quot;, but far superior to the ... &quot;Down to You&quot; this is a decent romance.  All the cliches are there, but it manages to be charming to an extent.  If you don't expect too much, you could end your evening with a smile as I did.  I don't have review the plot here.  Jason Biggs, Freddie Prinze Jr, and the amazing Forlani make the material watchable. What astounded me about this movie, and something no film reviews I read in the real world, and very few on here, are the amazing similarities to when Harry Met Sally.  While there is a breakfast club/16 candles scene, I think WHMS is the inspiration here. ...  However, Forlani plays Crystal and Meg Ryan (which is Prinze's name and he later dates a Megan...but I digress) is more Freddie P.  We have the one night stand, the crying before hand, the awkward silence, the phone calls...etc.  The meeting and hating each other before becoming friend.  Biggs' character is Bruno Kirby like and forlani's roomate is a lot like Carrie Fisher.  I already talked about the names...it is like a teen version of WHMS, but punched up.  What can I say.  Maybe I didn't like it, but I sorta did.  The movie was fun and the WHMS connections fascinated me.  And Claire Forlani is beguiling.<p>Enjoy!
