This is one of my all-time favorite movies for escaping from worldly work.  Jim Caviezel and Guy Pierce have great chemistry and the trials of Edmond Dantes are laid out (although too brief for me) in historically correct detail.<br />Even though this movie loosely follows Dumas' book, the story has such a karmic ending that it always lifts my sprits.
LOVE this movie - loved it when it first came out and still love it - awesome shots and wonderful story line....Jim C is an AMAZING actor!
This movie has everything I like: a great story and plot with suspense, lots of action, some comedy, romance and great effects. No question - I had to buy it.
Great Blu-ray DVD for the price!  The graphic and sound quality is excellent.  The product was received less than 7 days and was well packaged.
I love this movie! Sure, the acting isn't oscar worthy, but the characters are interesting in this classic story. It also helps that Jim Caviezel is smoking HOT in this remake of Dumas' famous story.
I love to read and am normally disappointed in the movies which are based on those books. This is the exception. Great, believable characters. Excellent character development. And some sword play and action to keep the men in your life interested.
Start with great material like the classic book this film is based on, use a great director, pick great locations, assemble an incredible cast mixing well known with newer actors, and then adapt the book in a brilliant screenplay, and you end up with a movie like this that is everything a movie should be.  Adventure, mystery, romance, action sequences, character and plot development, and humor are all combined into a masterpiece.<br /><br />The 1,000 page book by Dumas is, of course, a beloved classic with the theme of what would perfect revenge be like.  The book has complicated twists and a darker tone with an ending that feels like a let down in many ways.  Incredibly, the screenplay manages to summarize the book and include enough adaptations and a much more positive ending.  I can't say enough good about this screenplay and how well this movie adapts an intricate novel that would be impossible to film if you kept strictly to the plot of the novel.  The screenplay is perfectly balanced.  If you have watched several current adventure movies where the lighting is so dark, the action so blurred, the characters so poorly developed, and the plot so weak that you aren't even sure who you are watching and why they are doing whatever it is they are doing on the screen, you will appreciate the pacing of this film with clear lighting and a sound track that even grandfather can understand.<br /><br />The acting is perfect with no grandiloquent flourishes but enough idiosyncracy that each character seems perfectly drawn.  Caviezel just couldn't be better as the lead character Dantes who is betrayed by his best friend who marries his girlfriend and sends him to prison for life.  Dantes meets a wise prisoner with knowledge of a hidden fortune, played by the late Richard Harris, and eventually escapes and wreaks a carefully plotted revenge on each and every enemy who had wronged him.<br /><br />Without giving any more of the plot away, let me just say that this is the way movies should be and that the whole family will love this movie and watch it again and again as mine has.<br /><br />Available in several formats, and for a great price since this movie has been out for nearly 10 years, I definitely recommend this movie highly.  Five stars.
I have to say I was so impressed with this movie.  It is a great movie, and though not a Christian movie, it has a lot of God themes mingled in between.  I highly recommend this movie.  I am buying 2 other to give away.  SEE it, you will not be disappointed.
I should have read the book by now!  That's what I was thinking as I was halfway through this particular version--the only movie version I've seen so far.  The cast is okay, though I think the woman playing Mercedes needed to do a better job of enunciating.  The hellhole of the prison was portrayed effectively, and I totally understand Dantes' (sp?) desire for revenge, although he does learn eventually that living just to get even is not the ideal way to live after all.
The movie was great I like it I actually ordered as a gift I already own it.  The price was good and so was the delivery.  Happy with the order.
The Count Of Monte Cristo is an all around great movie. You have an excellent story line and plot. You get action, suspense, romance and even a couple of laughs. All this in a movie without nudity, sex or bad language. There is violence, but not in the excessive, graphic way we have come to expect from Hollywood. This movie is proof positive that you don't have to have explicit sex, language or blood and guts to have a great movie! I highly recommend it.
The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas is an over-1200-page voluminous novel. How could this super-long drama be fit into two hours? This film did that misson-impossible task. Compared with French TV-series starring Gerald Depardieu as the Count of Monte Cristo, first half of the story is well depicted, while the latter part is too brief. There is no Valentine nearly poisoned by her step mother, no Haydee, former Turk princess. And the story depends too much on duels so it is more visually described than the original story's deliberate revenge plan. But the relief is that Albert's role is spared and is given a huge part in this drama.<br /><br />Verdict: Monte Cristo for Young Adults<br />Rating: 70 out of 100. For shorter adaptation it is good.<br />Recommended for: Historical action movie fans and Three Musketeers appreciators.
Richard Harris and Guy  Pearce made this movie great. All of the actors were superb and I think that the actual Chateau D'If was used. Superb in every way except not long enough.
The Count of Monte Cristo is a promising film, not as good as the original novel, but if it promises to get some interested in reading the book by Dumas, than it is worth watching.<br /><br />Richard Harris is always a pleasure to watch when he plays of character of Education or Tutoring.
Sit back and enjoy the interesting and exciting story of the Count Of Monte Cristo. Great rainy day movie!
Great movie.  Saw it once and had to have it.  Mail delivery was prompt.
I didn't know what to expect when I first saw this movie in theaters, but I loved the whole movie.<br /><br />The action, plot, suspense...wonderfully wrapped into this movie.  I enjoyed the movie so much that I have started to read the book.  A classic book and great movie. Revenge is so well portrayed in this movie.  Vengence, honor, love, justice.  So good!<br /><br />This is my favorite movie to date!
I am not a movie fan.  I find it difficult to sit and watch a story for 2 hours (and nearly impossible to 'suspend disbelief').  I will not pretend to write a clinical analysis of movie-making.  I will simply say I have seen this movie twice (and plan to see it again, nearly unheard of in my case) and both times was fully enveloped in this fascinating, beautifully told story.  That editing and departure from the novel occurred in some points is no surprise (just 2 hours), but the essence of the story remains, the victory of good over evil.  Tremendous movie.
We must allow James Caviezel to be very good at being lashed- I believe, in fact, it was that aspect of this very performance that landed him the role of Jesus in Passion of the Christ. Besides that, he makes a pretty face, along with Guy Pearce, although somehow Pearce seems ESPECIALLY short in this film. Anyways, the acting is so-so, Caviezel plays Dantes as a whiny little brat, Guy Pearce acts like an evil gremlin, and the end ends happily as hollywood must, tho it makes the story more lame. The one reason to watch: Michael Wincott is excellent and deliciously evil as the prison warden for the Chateau D'if
So much better than any movie I have seen lately.  I had never read the book or seen the movie and I just loved it.  It captured my imagination and the acting was so believable.  Jim C. was the Count.  I want to see it again and again.
I hate to give this film three stars. Or, rather, I hate that a film based on the book of the same title is worthy of only three stars. In most cases, I do my best to separate my opinions about a piece of literature, on one hand, and a film based on that literature, on the other. And there's no question that this film adequately and entertainingly captures the tale of revenge. What it lacks is the intricacy of Dumas's work, which really captures the meticulous planning and plotting that go into the protagonist's desire for vengeance. I cannot fault the film too much, as the level of detail required might have made this 2 hr. film much, much longer, which can be a fault, unto itself. I do recommend this movie, and for those who find it compelling, I give a far greater recommendation to the book.
This is a wonderful movie. I bought this for my Mom she just loves it! The process was extreamly fast and hastle free at Amazon.
This is a well done movie of my favourite story to date.  There's some time spent in France and then it's around the world in a tale that makes me shiver even now.  Although the book of the same title by Alexander Dumus was where they got the name and stuff the story does come out a little better than the book in more ways than one.  This is not an easy story to put on the silver screen and I think personally this version is the first one you should see.  Boy has girl, boy has a friend, boy has his dreams come true... boy doing there... who me Tarzan?<br /><br />While this movie adeptly manages to come off new and exiting in it's production it still manages to fit in to the scheme of things from Hollywood and even to this day.<br /><br />Splendid acting by the cast and each stands out as if personally involved in the whole idea of the thing.<br />The sets are over the top.  There are some mansions and country-estates that make my mouth water even if because of the scene requiring dimly lit rooms.
ACTION,ADVENTURE, INTRIGE, ROMANCE this movie has it all.This is<br />Jim's finest film...he was better in this than the PASSION OF THE CHRIST.<br />I have never read the book, but, I probably will now.  There is no relaxing in this movie has it has a lot of twists. I am amazed that the casting Director could take 3 unknowns and cast them perfectly.  In addition, the young man that played Jim's son must be his brother, cousin,etc in real life because he looks just like him.<br />The end is a little predicatable but very satisfying.
A very well-done film and an excellent cast.  I'd put it right up with the Three and Four Musketeers movies (York, Reed, Chamberlain, Heston, etc).
This is an excellent movie and I never read the book.  The acting and the plot was very nice done, it is one of my favorite movies.
It is one of the best films I have seen and seen and seen. I can't tell you how many times I have watched this movie and still enjoy watching it again. The acting is surperb and the quality of the story is deep, entertaining, and thought provoking. An awesome buy and the purpose of owning is to watch it and watch it again and again if not why not just rent.
This is a great movie.  That many people don't know about.  Jim Caviezel and Guy Pearce do great acting.  I think after Guy Pearce's performance, I won't like him if I ever meet him in real life.  He makes his character so dis likable.  Which is the point!
this movie is incredible. very captivating from beginning to end. sensational movie, very well done, and played out. truly stands up to the book, which was beautifully written. a bit of difference, but came out well enough to be a success. the count of monte cristo has so much in it. a young man, innocent, trusting, and in love losses it all in a second because of his suppose friends jelousy. all is taken and all hope seems lost, until he meets a friend, meanwhile his anger and vengance grow. he returns to a whole different world. his only thought is revenge, but so many twists and turns he doesn't even expect what happens to happen. this has innocence, betrayel, cruelty, hardship, vengance, love, and friendship all in one. beautiful story, a hard era, and excellent film. the actors were superb. jim caviezel, a wonderful actor. there's just something about him that makes him very interesting to watch. those eyes just draw you in and his talent, makes him great. he was spectacular in this film. guy pearce, shined his on his own behalf. did it so well that you actually hated him in this movie. all of the actors were great, made it so dramatic, it was believable. nicely done.
There is nothing bad to say about this movie.  The story, the acting, everything is well done.  I bought it to watch over and over.
Very good acting!  A bad guy you love to hate.  Very romantic.  Feel good story.  Action.  A little adventure and definitive intriguge!  It all makes for an excellent story you will enjoy.
This is a movie that should be included in everyones cinema collection!  The scenes and fantastic cast taps into every emotion.  I was at the edge of my seat for more than one scene!  I will enjoy watching this movie for years to come.
This is one of the best films I have seen. It's in great shape, I don't remember, but it may have been new. It works perfectly, and I am so lucky to own it.
The Count of Monte Cristo was one of my most favorite novels during my teenage years. I was skeptical of its yet another remake but decided to give it a try. However, both my husband and I were pleasantly surprised to find a well-directed movie with superior acting by James Caviezel. He's done a splendid job by portraying first the innocence of happy youth and then becoming the embodiment of righteous, yet calculated revenge. I also really enjoyed the fact that the leading characters were not cast by the "bigger" names. Save your time and money -skip Moulin Rouge and see this great movie! In my opinion, it deserves more attention and praise from critics and the media than it has gotten so far.
The first time I watched this movie, my cousin brought it over to my house on a movie night.  when she said what she was bringing to watch, i said "what? the count of who?"  never heard of it and immediately assumed that it would be not worth my time.<br /><br />I was mistaken.  I could not take my eyes off of the movie and spent the next 2 hours enthralled.<br /><br />if you are wondering whether this is worth the money.....spend it, you'll definately be happy you did.
Based on the Dumas story, this fabulous adventure about a naive, illiterate young man in 19th century France whose fate embroils him in treachery and vengeance, is well written with wit and intelligence, and abridges a complex plot into a cohesive 131 minute film.<br />The location cinematography in Malta and Ireland is spectacular, though my one and only complaint about this film is that occasionally some of the indoor sequences tend to be a little murky.<br />The soundtrack by Edward Shearmur is also top-notch, and adds a lot to the film.<p>The cast:<br />Jim Caviezel brilliantly captures the essence of the Dantes/Count character; believable both as the innocent Edmund and the worldly Count of Monte Cristo, with his swashbuckling prowess and elegant style.<br />Richard Harris as the priest who mentor Dantes is marvelous; wily and wise, it's a perfect part for Harris, and he makes the most of it.<br />Other standout performances come from Guy Peerce as Fernand, Michael Wincott as Armand Dorelac, the Warden of d'If, and most of all, Luis Guzman as a very funny Jacopo.<p>This is terrific family viewing, free of the plague of foul language and heavy breathing between the sheets that have made films so tiresome in recent years. This film will feed your brain, delight your eyes, and raise your heartbeat a little with its fast-paced exploits about &quot;kings and pawns, emperors and fools&quot;.
This is, by far, the best rendition for the big screen of the novel by Dumas (although it's not 100% close to the book) and, by far, one of the best movies in recent years.<br />What other movie do you remember going to, where, at the end, while the titles scroll, a roar of applause comes from the audience? I've lended my DVD to a few skeptic friends and all not only liked the movie, they LOVED IT!<br />Wonderfully acted, with wonderful scenery, this movie truly deserves more credit that it has gotten. STARS hands down!
If you like movies like Braveheart, The Patriot, and Gladiator, then you will enjoy The Count of Monte Cristo.<br />Rating: Buy
the perfect movie<br />great plot<br />exceptional ending<br />must see movie
Do you remember having to read this story in high school literature? I enjoyed it then and I love it even more now.  The movie graphics are so much better than my imagination.  It has all of the essentials to satisfy both mine and my husbands movie expectations - romance, intrigue, sword fights, action. Definitely a movie to add to your collection.
Yes, it is called Count of Monte Cristo, but let's just say that the story bears little resemblance to the literature. Yes, Edmond Dantes is wrongly imprisoned and meets someone there that helps him get out and rain misfortunes down on those who were responsible for his time in the Chateau d'If. That's pretty much where the similarities end. The methods of revenge in the movie are much less imaginative, basically consisting of him telling them he is Dantes and then killing them. These replace Dumas' genius methods - economic ruin, mental insanity, suicide, etc.<br /><br />However, if you don't want to commit to reading a 1500 page book, and can't devise a way to see the play adaptation, you will never know the differences, and this is a good movie. Just take it on it's own merits rather than on the book's.
This is one of our favorite movies.  We seldom like to see a movie more than twice.  However, this movie was so entertaining (as well as it contained excellent drama, acting, and a well developed plot), that we have viewed it numerous times.  My Teenage kids as well as my younger boys enjoyed the movie.  I did have to re-explain some moral issues & contradictions concerning the implied premarital sex and adultery.  We used the theme of revenge vs forgiveness as a discussion tool. It was also refreshing to see a movie with positive references to God and still be exciting.  We are going to read the book this summer, and We don't expect the book and the movie to be exactly the same.  They are two different expressions.
I'll admit, I've not read the original source novel on which this is based (the only thing by Dumas I have read, is the classic 'Musketeers'); life is too short to read every great novel, try as one might - but having seen this film, I am determined to seek out the text.<br /><br /> Judging the film on its own terms, I found this immensely satisfying, and though quite long (131 min), it does not drag for a second. The story itself is really quite something, and no matter how many films you have seen, or books you have read, you will be absolutely bowled over (as George Bernard Shaw was) by the breadth, depth, simplicity and universality of it.<br /><br /> There are some minor faults with the film; sometimes the dialogue seems a little stilted (eg. Guy Pearce, an Australian who has mastered a range of accents, seems a little too much of a cookie-cutter villain: Daniel Day-Lewis did a much better job in 'Gangs of New York'). There is something faintly unsatisying about the conclusion, no matter how memorable it may be - but even compared with 'Barry Lyndon' (Kubrick), this is still a riveting, assured adaptation.<br /><br /> These are very minor quibbles, and I would put this in with some of my favourite films, along with 'Captain Blood' (Errol Flynn), 'Koyanisquaatsi', 'New Cinema Paradiso' and 'Celebration' (aka Festen). Generally, the script is absolutely top notch, full of little throw-away quips and putdowns. The cast is absolutely stunning, especially James Calaziel, absolutely convincing in his metamorphosis from naive youth to cold-blooded avenger. Watch out for Luis Guizman as a scheming pirate.<br /><br /> Very highly recommended, for those who seek something a little more high-brow than the standard multiplex schlock.
A film by Kevin Reynolds<p>This is the recent film adaptation of Dumas's classic novel "The Count of Monte Cristo".  From the previews and early reviews of the movie I did not expect too much from it, but when someone whose opinion I trust tells me that it is good and that I should watch it, I was willing to give it a chance.  Good thing, because this is a pretty good movie.  <p>The story, if you are not familiar with the source material, follows Edmond Dantes (Jim Caviezel).  Dantes, in the film, is a sailor and the film opens with Dantes and his friend Fernand Mondego (Guy Pierce) trying find refuge on an island because their captain is dying.  The island just happens to be the prison island where Napoleon is exiled, and while they get help, Napoleon asks Dantes if he could take a personal, and innocent, letter to a friend.  Dantes agrees.  Dantes returns to France and does not have a chance to deliver the letter, though we do see his fianc&eacute; Mercedes Iguanada (Dagmara Dominczyk) and a little bit of Mondego's jealousy.  Dantes is betrayed and turned into the authorities for treason.  That innocent letter that Dantes was to deliver was not so innocent after all.  The magistrate has Dantes thrown in prison where he will spend the next several years.  <p>This is where the movie truly begins.  Dantes was innocent and he was betrayed (we soon learn that Mondego is now married to Mercedes), and he wants his revenge, though he has no avenue to pursue his revenge while in prison.  While in prison, Dantes meets Abbe Faria (Richard Harris), a man who is digging a tunnel (slowly, inch by inch) to escape.  Faria trains Dantes in the sword, teaches him how to read, science, literature, politics, and how to be a noble.  He also tells Dantes of a treasure, the treasure of Monte Cristo, that may or may not exist.  <p>We wouldn't have a story if Dantes is unable to escape or pursue his revenge, so I'm not spoiling anything by revealing that.  Dantes sets himself up as the Count of Monte Cristo with the help of a man named Jacopo (Luis Guzman).  Dantes is now free to pursue his revenge.  <p>The story feels like it has been simplified a little bit, but this film is good enough, and slick enough, and entertaining enough, that this is a very enjoyable movie to watch.  No film can ever capture the nuance of a novel, especially not a 1000 page novel.  With the amount of time allotted this film, "The Count of Monte Cristo" succeeds at being an entertaining film.
I read the 'Monte Cristo' book a few months before the movie came out and I adored it, so I was really pumped up to see it on screen. First off, the actors were perfectly casted and the director did a great job adapting the book to film. BUT,I have to take points off for the ending. Whenever a book is made into a movie, the plot is tweaked and molded to be more entertaining visually. My issue was not just that the ending was changed, it was the COMPLETE OPPOSITE of what happened in the book! It was totally ridiculous! It was exactly what you would expect to happen, even though it was totally unrealistic. That's why I gave it only three stars. If you're speaking in terms of overall cinematic experience, it's a wonderful film. I suggest that you read the book first, see the movie, and judge for yourself. Or if you've already seen the film, go read the book anyway and see what you missed.
Most of the older style movies really turn me off, but not this one. I really enjoyed it. Too many of the &quot;old&quot; ones try too hard to be dramatic -- kinda like high school actors who have to talk too loud and be too flamboyant. This movie was a pleasant surprise. The actors are really good.<p>The plot is good and keeps you in your seat. Some of the things are a little predictable, but it is hard not to want to make sure that your hopes come true. You can feel yourself cringe and want to shout &quot;don't do this&quot; or &quot;don't do that&quot; or &quot;get'em&quot;.<p>The cinematography is very good and appropriate. There are not some of the anachronisms of many other film interpretations.<p>If you watch one &quot;old style&quot; movie per year, this one should be the one you watch this year.
I very much enjoyed this iteration of the Count. It was well filmed and well acted. It makes a person think of what they would do if they suddenly got very rich and had blood enemies. Would you seek revenge or would you be fat and rich?<br />Guy Peirce gives a wonderful performance.<br />Rent this movie you will like it and probably want to purchase it.
This movie was truly amazing! Jim Caviezel was excellent as the count, and you loved to hate Guy Pearce as his friend-gone-enemy.<br />The cenimatography was beautiful, and while it was long, you love every minute of it. There are some well done action sequences (with quickened framework that adds to the tension) and the adaptation from the novel (while forced to leave a lot out, obviously...the book is insanely long!)is far better than most works of this sort. It maintains a more comic-book approach to violence and gore (the same as Mask Of Zorro, in that they leave a lot of blood and guts out, so if you're looking for shredded bodies go elsewhere) and it's well worth your while!
I love, LOVE this movie. I could watch it over and over and over again... I'm so glad I could find it online. Jim plays his role well.
Like many of us, I slogged through the book during my highschool years. I read the "cheater" comic. This picture, although a little off the original storyline is one of the best remakes I have seen. The cast is marvelous and the twists and turns are presented well. The picture falters slightly toward the end but it is a minimal fault. Overall, the DVD is eminently watchable and good fun. The quality is excellent. Amazon seems to consistently present good, quality DVD's at good quality prices. The disc came on time and I was happy to add it to my library.
Amazing movie. I saw it in a huge tv screen after hooking up my computer in my tv. The quality was amazing and the speed just perfect like a DVD.
BEST MOVIE EVER. Love the book, love the movie. You can't go wrong with this classic, so I would definitely recommend it!
Enjoyed the movie and enjoyed having access for 48 hours. It's good to have such easy access to good movies.
I have always loved this movie and now I can see it on the go! The picture quality is awesome! U won't regret gettin this movie
This is my Gransons Favorite movie and we needed an extra copy cuz our old one was WEARING OUT!<br />Thanks for speedy service too!
I rented this movie to have a small idea of what it was about because I was monitoring the homework of a 9th. grader tasked with reading the book and answering questions.  It seems to have followed the book fairly closely.  At least I could ask relative questions.  It was well worth the rental fee.
We were highly entertained. It is a very well made movie with good acting for the most part. Can't go wrong with it.
I have watched this movie numerous times. I have always enjoyed the overall theme of this movie. I will probably watch it again.
After attending the release of "The Count of Monte Cristo," a friend made the remark that he believed the movie could benefit from additional fight sequences. Immediately my mind shot back to last year's "The Musketeer," also based (rather loosely, I might add) on another of Alexandre Dumas' famous classics. In that film, character development, story, and tone were sacrificed for the sake of creating yet another movie in which a choreographer of Chinese descent was allowed to make an impression on action aficionados by dazzling them with techniques reminiscent of "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." <p>What a relief that this latest adaptation of a Dumas novel strays from the usual clich&eacute;s and redundancy of bringing a classic work of literature to the screen, coming out as a sturdy, well-guided costume drama that combines action, intensity, passion, and most importantly, revenge. With a script that keeps much of the novel's intricacies intact, a cast befitting of their roles, and a director who keeps things interesting at all times, this is one swashbuckling adventure that pleases in all fields. <p>The story centers around Edmund Dantes (Jim Caviezel), a sailor from a middle class upbringing in the town of Marseilles. He has a friend, Fernand Mondego (Guy Pearce), whose father is a wealthy aristocrat; despite his rich lifestyle, Mondego still harbors a slight jealousy for Dantes, who has just been promoted to captain of his vessel, allowing him the opportunity to marry his longtime love, Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk). Overcome by envy, Mondego concocts a vicious plan with the equally jealous first mate of Dantes' boat that lands a wrongfully accused Dantes in the Chateau d'If for more than a decade.<p>During his years of imprisonment, Dantes' resolve is strengthened by brutal beatings, and by his friendship with fellow prisoner Faria (Richard Harris), who teaches Dantes to read and write, the articulate moves of swordplay, and offers him the location of a long-lost treasure that would give him the means to exact his revenge on those who have wronged him. Faria's death provides Dantes the method of escape he needs, and once out, he begins his quest. <p>The second half of the movie takes the movie to new heights of interest, as Dantes makes his big entrance in Paris as the Count of Monte Cristo, bent on exacting his revenge on Mondego, now married to a repressed, sullen Mercedes, and on Villefort, the police chief who played a role in his wrongful incarceration. Anyone familiar with revenge plots is well aware that this is a dish best served cold, and many will delight in the cooly calculated revelations and confrontations that arise as Dantes's master plan begins to unfold. <p>Accompanying this feeling of satisfaction is the movie's wondrous appearance and execution. The look and feel of the film drips with the quality of the swashbuckling adventures of yesteryear, with its themes of vengeance and nobility, it's glorious costumes and set design, and a final showdown that provides a slam-bang finish complete with suspense and fist-clenching thrills. Reynolds, and screenwriter Jay Wolpert, have realized the novel for the screen in a manner that is pleasing to the eye and the mind, keeping in touch with everything that has immortalized Dumas' work without reworking key moments to make room for modern artistic influences.<p>If this weren't enough to please popcorn audiences and literary buffs, the cast is completely remarkable. Jim Caviezel plays Dantes with the conviction of a man wrongfully accused; by the time he escapes prison, we are all for him and his brilliantly conceived plan. His chemistry with leading lady Dagmara Dominczyk is a welcome slice of old-fashioned romance, while his scenes with Guy Pearce provide a nice contrast of nobility and jealousy, which Pearce perfects in his performance as Mondego. Also worthy of noting are the appearances of Richard Harris and Lius Guzman, who provide humorous touches throughout. <p>More than anything else, this latest big-screen version of "The Count of Monte Cristo" is a wonderful popcorn adventure replete with everything you could possibly ask for in a film of this sort. Overall, it remains faithful enough to its source, and keeps us enlightened and entertained throughout its well-acted, well-directed, well-executed duration. Count on revenge, and then some.
In this time of fire and explosion oriented blockbuster movies it is indeed refreshing to find a remake of a classic novel of the quality of The Count of Monte Cristo currently available.  I happened to nonchalantly choose this film at the DVD outlet as a source of viewing background for an evening of desk work.  WRONG!  This superbly made film of the Dumas' novel is excellent and gripping on every level.  The quality of the film, shot in Ireland and Malta, is visually stunning, the story remains true to the original, and the cast is outstanding.  James Caviezel makes a star turn in the title role, aided by the always excellent Guy Pearce, the veteran Richard Harris, the here venomous James Frain, a fine and very different role for Luis Guzman, and the elegantly beautiful Dagmara Domincyzk.  The movie is beautifully paced, the long prison scenes allow Caviezel and Harris to create tremendous rapport, and the age old theme of REVENGE has rarely been played out so well.  This is a beautiful period piece, finely photographed and scored and edited and directed.  For a taste of just how exciting the old tales can be visually, treat yourself to an evening with The Count!
If you have never discovered the wonderful world of Alexandre Dumas, I urge you to run, not walk to the local library or bookstore and obtain a copy of "Le Comte de Monte Christo." I also recommend reading the unabridged version of this classic tale about a man who takes revenge on his enemies. One thing is certain: do not attempt to take the lazy way out by watching this adaptation of Dumas's novel. Two hours will never be enough time to adequately express the majestic beauty of this novel written by a phenomenal storyteller. Having said that, I enjoyed immensely this version of the story starring Jim Caviezel, Guy Pearce, and Richard Harris. Period pieces are often fun to watch, and this one is no exception. With a few problematic exceptions, "The Count of Monte Christo" is an entertaining film.<p>The tale, if you are not familiar with it, focuses on a French sailor named Edmond Dantes. On a trading trip back to Marseilles, Dantes had the misfortune to stop at the island of Elba, the home of the exiled emperor Napoleon Bonaparte. With his captain dead, Dantes arrives in port and is promptly promoted to become the new captain. This step up in status angers several people around Dantes, specifically Danglars, Villefort, and Mondego. The three conspire to have Edmond arrested on charges of treason and thrown into a political prison called the Chateau D'If. Dantes spends years suffering in solitary confinement, although he eventually meets an elderly prisoner named Faria who educates him while they plan their escape. Moreover, this prisoner tells Edmond about a fabulous treasure that could be his for the taking. Eventually, Dantes escapes and embarks on a series of adventures that finds him returning to seek revenge against his enemies under the name "Le Comte de Monte Christo."<p>This very short description of Dumas's novel obviously leaves out much of the plot. It also highlights the inherent difficulties in translating "The Count of Monte Christo" into a two-hour film. There is just too much detail, characters, and sub-plots in the novel to work with. The revenge plots Dantes formulates against his enemies alone are of such length and complexity that it would take hours to encapsulate them on the silver screen. Throw in the sub-plot of the Italian bandit Luigi Vampa (who does appear in the film), which is of immense importance in the novel, and it is impossible to adequately convey the full majesty of this classic on celluloid. Fortunately, this film manages to entertain while retaining key elements of the written story.<p>The first part of the movie hews closely to the novel with a few notable exceptions. The film begins with Edmond and his friend Mondego landing on Elba, where they have a shoot out with British security forces before personally meeting the deposed emperor. Back in Marseilles, we meet Mercedes, Dantes girlfriend and a character who plays a big role in the written story. The filmmakers do insert a warden for Chateau D'If, played by actor Michael Wincott, who does not appear in the book. If you are familiar with Wincott, you will remember his voice and his presence. He makes a great addition here and has the best lines in the film. <p>By the time Dantes returns to society as the Count, the film diverges wildly from the story. The revenge Edmond seeks here is too pat and too easily resolved. In the book, his vengeance is intricately planned and executed slowly over many, many pages. By shortening this sequence, the filmmakers sacrifice the suspense of the novel to time constraints and a waning attention span common in today's moviegoers. To be fair, the movie never tries to be a literal interpretation of the book (or so says screenwriter Jay Wolpert in an interview on the disc). In some ways, deviating from the book does make the story more compelling. The sword fights are great fun to watch, especially the final showdown between Dantes and Mondego. The scene where Dantes provides a way out for Villefort and then pulls back at the last second is a nice touch as well. Overall, although I think more elements of the book should have been kept in the story, the movie succeeds.<p>Many extras on the disc make this well worth picking up. There is a short documentary about Alexandre Dumas, a location documentary, four deleted scenes with commentary, a film commentary from director Kevin Reynolds, a detailed explanation on how the sword fights were shot and choreographed, and an interview with writer Jay Wolpert. The picture quality and sound is top notch. I recall that this film disappeared from the theaters quickly, perhaps due to an aversion for period pieces or competition from one of those effects laden clunkers they foist on us every few months. I found "The Count of Monte Christo" entertaining and technically well done, and would certainly view it again.
This most recent adaptation of Alexandre Dumas' classic novel isn't going to please all the fans, particularly those who demand rigorous adherence to the source material (I never did understand such people's way of thinking; a movie is never bad just because it strays from the source) but it most certainly will please moviegoers in the mood for a period piece adventure, and as such a film, The Count of Monte Cristo never fails to entertain for every bit of its running time. <p>Jim Caviezel stars as Edmond Dantes, a rather poor and uneducated man who has a life that his rich friend, Fernand Mondego (Guy Pearce) envies. Dantes has just been promoted to captain of his ship after he and his crew returned from a brief, unanticipated stop in Elba, where Napoleon had given Dantes a letter to give to a "friend." Mondego is particularly jealous that Dantes' fiancee is Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk), their childhood friend who has grown into an utterly beautiful woman. <p>Mondego sets out to destroy Dantes life by telling French officials of the letter, which leads to Dantes' arrest. He is banished in a prison located on an island rather far from the mainland. As the years pass, another prisoner, Faria (Richard Harris), actually tunnels his way into Dantes cell. With his help, Faria believes they can dig to the outer wall, and in return, he will teach Dantes how to read, write, and fight with a sword. As soon as he makes his escape, Dantes plans his vengeance against those who betrayed him.<p>There's actually a LOT more plot than what I've stated, which probably already sounds hefty, but there are a lot of things I'd rather not give away. While not without some flaws, The Count of Monte Cristo is rousing entertainment and is probably the best period piece adventure in recent years (personally, I found it more enjoyable than The Patriot, Rob Roy, and The Last of the Mohicans). <p>The film's first seventy minutes represent marvelous entertainment, consistently gaining momentum with every scene that goes by as we grow more and more compelled by the story. The film stumbles only slightly in the third act, when Dantes eventually encounters all those who destroyed his life so many years ago, and sets in motion a plan for his own vengeance. It's in this lengthy segment that a few moments drag (but only a few) and some scenes feel a little hard to swallow (that Pearce's Mondego wouldn't recognize Dantes). The climax feels a little silly, in that seemingly all the lead characters pop out from nowhere to either fight or reveal long-held secrets. <p>But thankfully, such flaws are only mild and hardly detrimental. This is a well-acted, well-written, and surprisingly well-directed tale of revenge. As Dantes, Caviezel excels, making a believable transformation from a kind-hearted, innocent man to one whose heart has been hardened through so many years. Guy Pearce chews the scenery quite well as Mondego; he seems to be having a great time playing the greedy antagonist. It's nice to see that Pearce, who usually plays likable characters (as in L.A. Confidential and The Time Machine), is up to the task of giving us a villain to hiss at. <p>The other performances aren't quite as vital, though Richard Harris is good as Faria, and Luis Guzman is often hilarious as Dantes' right-hand man (the scene where Guzman tells Dantes how to handle the massive amounts of gold they just found is the biggest laugh I've had all year). Dagmara Dominczyk is pretty decent, though her acting is mostly overshadowed by her beauty, a back-handed compliment, I suppose.<p>The Count of Monte Cristo actually doesn't feature that much in the way of adrenaline-pumping action. Despite all the claims this is a swashbuckler, there are only three swordfights (and one knifefight), and each of these scenes last no longer than maybe two minutes. But the appeal of this film isn't in the action, it's watching a plot that unfolds with little twists and turns that, though often expected, engaged me because I cared about the situation and the fate of the characters.<p>There was obviously a lot of work put into the way this film looks. The cinematography is gorgeous and the sets are magnificent, with splendor I have rarely seen rendered so well in period pieces. The film was directed by Kevin Reynolds, who may yet have a career again after his critical disaster, Waterworld (which actually wasn't half-bad). Highly recommended, The Count of Monte Cristo is great fun all the way.<br />**** 1/2 out of *****
Not since Mask Of Zorro have we had an old fashioned revenge movie that played on classic cinema rather than tendency of movies today to be loud and bloody. I was fortunate to see this movie with a sneak preview audience. <p>James Caviezel is fantastic in the role of the Count. He is very believeable as a simple, humble man in the beginning and then the torn, angry, revenge seeking Count later on. The movie has many similar elements to the aforementioned Mask Of Zorro, but has enough of its own identity for you to note the similarities, but not be distracted by them. The beautiful actress Dagmara Domincyzk plays the love interest. There are many closeups of her face and she is stunningly beautiful and convincing. Guy Pearce is a more than able bad guy, successfully creating a character that you come to despise thoroughly by the end. <p>The audience that I viewed this with absolutely loved it. There are sprinkles of light comedic lines throughout the film and the audience was delighted with them all. The scenes where the Count is exacting his revenge registered the loudest response from the audience, as many were very vocal in their approval of the revenge being dished out.<p>It had been a while since I viewed a movie where the audience broke into a loud ovation at the end. This one received such an ovation and I concur.
Alexandre Dumas' classic adventure novel of revenge and romance, THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO has been endlessly made and remade in various films and TV series.  It's no wonder as the book's themes of betrayal and payback are timeless.  Kevin Reynolds directs a solid and full blooded version of this classic that features a star-making turn by James Caviezel in the title role.  Caviezel never hits a false note in his role of Edmond Dantes, the sailor sent to prison on trumped-charges and who eventually escapes to seek his revenge on the 3 men who conspired against him.  Caviezel easily handles both the innocence of the young Dantes and the bitter cynicism of his vengeful alter-ego. Richard Harris, who is making a cottage-industry of playing quirky supporting roles, provides warmth and humor as the Abbe' Faria, the fellow prisoner who mentors Dantes. Dagmara Domincyzk is lovely as Mercedes, Edmond's fiancee.  However, Guy Pearce, who plays Dantes' romantic rival and former friend is a little too over-the-top with his mincing and sneering portrayal.  At one point, I began thinking he needed a top hat, handlebar mustache and cape to complete the picture.<br />  Filmed on location in opulent locations in Malta and Ireland, THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO is a feast for the eyes.  At one point, the Count makes a grand entrance in a hot-air balloon that clearly illustrates his power and mystery.<br />  The screenplay is a solid enough adapation of the rather long novel, although it does throw in a couple twists that were not in the original.  After Dantes appears in his Count identity, the pace of the film really takes off as plotlines are shortened and tightened. The action scenes are also top-notch.<br />  THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO is an entertaining and fun swashbucklng type of flick that they just don't make any more. As such, it is easily the best film of this genre since THE MASK OF ZORRO which, in an ironic twist, also used elements of Dumas' novel. I definitely would recommend this film to adventure lovers and romantics everywhere.
"The Count of Monte Cristo" by Alexandre Dumas is one of the great adventure novels of all time, and one would think that it would be the perfect story for an adventure/supense/period film.  Indeed, Kevin Reynold's version is the latest in a long line (the Hallmark televised version may be the best).  Sadly, none of them have done the written work justice.  True, the novel is a complex and detailed work that would require a rather special treatment on the screen. Reynold's version is a good movie, but honestly it is not "The Count of Monte Cristo."  Far too much dramatic license has been taken here in changing the story, the characters and the ending.  Significant characters were left out, parts of the story are not even aluded to, and some things were added to create a "hollywood" ending (no, the book ends much differently than this film...and it is far more satisfying).  This film is nicely photographed and produced and is largely well acted (except for the portrayl of Napoleon which does not work...oddly enough Napoleon is never actually "seen" in the novel, he is always off-stage, so to speak).  Enjoy this film for what it is, then treat yourself and pick up a copy of the novel.
Like the previous reviewer, I too was fortunate enough to catch this last Tuesday at a sneak preview in NY.  This was simply magnificent in every possible way. The acting, script, cinematography were stunning.  I just want to say something:  Todays moviegoers want mass market drivel.  This is art.  But at the same time it's an exciting, action-packed, plot AND character driven story during which any viewer with a heart and a soul will be on the edge of his or her seat.  JIM CAVAZIEL, if there is justice in this world, will become a HUGE A-list leading man as a result of his BRILLIANT performance. No other actor out there could have played the Count in this movie; he was made for this, his role of a lifetime, and he deserves an OSCAR FOR IT.  Guy Pearce, so sexy and sympathetic in his previous roles, is so believable as a villain in this movie, that one walks out of the theatre despising his fictional self - sorry Guy this just means that you are a GREAT ACTOR - and big things are waiting for him as well - all actors in this movie are extremely talented and are irreplaceable.<br />PLEASE GO SEE THIS MOVIE, ONE AND ALL - ITS OSCAR CALIBER,CLASSIC STUFF**DO NOT BE DISCONCERTED BY THE FACT THAT YOU MAY ALREADY KNOW THE STORY - IT'S A NEW, MODERN, ORIGINAL TWIST - IT'S EVEN GOT SOME COMEDY - A MUST - SEE! AND I'VE SEEN EM ALL...I WILL PAY TO SEE IT AGAIN.  AS ABOVE, AN AUDIENCE FULL OF MANY JADED PROFESSIONAL MOVIE CRITICS GAVE IT A STANDING OVATION AT CLOSING CREDITS...
I have read the (unabridged) Count of Monte Christo book at least 4 times and can quote many of the scenes and dialogue. However I am not a literalist when it comes to Hollywood, because movies are not a literary medium. The best we can hope is that Hollywood captures the essence of the book, which I believe the makers of the Count of Monte Christo have done - and done very well.  While I agree that it is not a faithful retelling of Dumas' original, it is a fine film that captures the heart of Dumas' message: Vengeance is, (and should be) the Lord's. <p>Ultimately, Dumas' novel was about the ravages of revenge, both to the avenger and to his victims. Director Kevin Reynolds and screenwriter Jay Wolpert's celluloid rendition captures that message in a way that is both entertaining and beautiful. Unlike many Hollywood films these days, this one has charm and heart, which allowed me (an avid movie buff) to overlook its occasional imperfections. <p>Jim Caviezal plays the tortured Count with aplomb. His metamorphosis from guileless youth into the brooding, devilish Count is convincing. No small feat considering young and old Dant&egrave;s are polar opposites. <p>Guy Pearce plays the treacherous libertine, Mondego, with a light, foppish touch, making the character all the more frightening. His lines are the best in the film, vicious and manipulative, but delivered with sardonic self-composure.  <p>Richard Harris was the right choice for the Abb&eacute; Faria. During Dant&egrave;s' bleak imprisonment, Harris lightens the screen with his earnest optimism and sharp wit. He is more animated than in his recent role as Dumbledore in Harry Potter, even fencing with Caviezal, despite his advanced age. <p>Dagmara Dominczyk is lovely as Mercedes, but of course lacks the vapid self-immolation of the character in the novel. Hollywood loves tidy endings so she is reunited with Dant&egrave;s while the Persian princess, Haidee, (Dant&egrave;s' real paramour at the end of the novel) is not in the film.  Still, Dominczyk's elegant grace is winning, despite the weepy dialogue she is sapped with. She and Caviezal are what movie stars should look like. <p>Luis Guzm&aacute;n is fun as the Count's dutiful sidekick, Jacopo. Not surprisingly, he is the film's comic relief and acts as a bridge between our generation and Napoleonic France. His lines are more modern slang than classical prose, but it works, especially with Guzm&aacute;n's East L.A. lilt. <p>Reynold's and Wolpert had no easy task - adapting one of the world's favorite stories to the Big Screen.  Of course, the novel is a much more complex and philosophical work than the film, and that is to be expected. A true adaptation would likely be 4-5 hours long. And, yes, they have taken liberties with the book - the ending especially. Still, the movie stands on its own as a stirring and inspiring tale of treachery, romance, revenge, and repentance. It is one of my favorite movies ever, and that's saying something, since I hate almost everything. Buy it. You won't be disappointed.
This is definetly not Dumas Count of Monte Cristo. It doesn't follow the book close at times and is far fetched from it at others. It is however a great movie and a great way to introduce this young generation to Dumas.<p>The Count of Monte Cristo tells the tale of Edmund Dantes. A man that is imprisoned for a crime by his best friend Fernand Mondego that he did not commit. He spends 13 years in jail at the Chateau'If.(thats not how you spell it but it's close enough for me) It's there that Edmund meets a fellow prisonman that trains him in literature, economics, and swordplay. Dantes gets out of jail then goes a spree for revenge to get the men who put him jail.<p>This is a great story of revenge. Jim Cavaziel is perfects as Dantes. He does a great job. He has a swagger and plays Edmund great when he poor and when he's rich. He shows his abilities as a good actor because of the different levels to the character. I'm really impressed with him and hope to see him more in the future.<p>Guy Pearce is good as Fernadn Mondego. I was first impressed with Pearce in L.A. Confidential. It's good to see him finally showing his acting abilities again. He plays a great bad guy. You can't stand his character and that's because Pearce plays him so good.<p>This is an awesome tail of revenge. If your a diehard Dumas fan you won't like this. I'd reccommend the Richard Chamberlin version for you. However if you like a fast paced tail of revenge full of swashbuckling this is the film for you. It's a great action film that reminds us why we go to the movies: To Be Entertained. You'll like this one.
Jim Caviezel was great in this movie. Guy Pearce also played a great role. The new Superman Henry Cavill plays Albert Mondego the son of of The Count.
Great version of a Classic book & movie! If you like",Get Back," movies this is a must see.<br /><br />The Counts character starts of as a vindictive person ,when released from his prison,but learns to forgive to save the thing he loves the most.
I purchased this dvd for two reasons.  One , I've read the book many times, and it is a classic. I have seen many of the other productions, and I wanted too see how this one compared.  Two, I am a BIG fan of Jim Caviezel, and wanted to see his portrayal of the Count.  I was not disappointed on either count! It was timely and acting very well done.  I had seen this when it first came out, but seeing Person of Interest every week, I decided to buy the Count.  Great dvd for<br />a fan!
The production value, cast, acting, storyline, etc. of this were good and entertaining. The problem is the movie is more UNLIKE the book than it is like the book.<br /><br />If you want to watch a movie of the book itself, you will want to look at <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001OSGR68">The Count of Monte Cristo</a>
Amazing movie about love & deception. If you are in to suspense movies, definitely check this one out. Really great film.
great movie and purchasing it was so easy. I received my order in just a couple of days.  Highly satisfied.
Everything did exactly what I needed it to do. Thank you also for being prompt and for getting me this so quickly.  The cover was a little torn when it arrived.
I really recommend this movie, I think is one of the best movies ever, I can't get tired of watched. I just love it!!!!
Arrived withing the time period listed. DVD had popped loose from post inside case (probably occurred during shipping)and disc was slightly scratched. Played fine and have no complaints.
Wow! LOVED THIS MOVIE!! Only have this version with James Caviezel.  The acting that James had to partake, one day being Edmond Dantes, the next being ED in Chateau d'If then, then Counte Monte Cristo then again to ED in the prison...amazing how he kept his composure back and forth during the shoot.  Will watch only knows how many times. The book maybe better but that goes into great detail where as a movie can only be so long. Oh well, I will be happy with this DVD.  Too bad DVD's dont always want to add the bleeps and blunders.  Get to seee the seriousness or goofball side of an actor.
I received a copy of this for my birthday, and I love it. This copy is great. The colors seem much more vivid and the sound much better. I think I could watch this over and over but never grow tired of it.<br /><br />Some people have complained about the movie because it doesn't follow the book close enough. I agree that it doesn't follow the book closely, but that shouldn't detract from one's love for the movie. The full book is 1100 pages. It would be impossible to put that into a single movie. They would have to make it 3 separate films like Atlas Shrugged is being done.<br /><br />This one is totally worth it.
This must be the greatest revenge movie ever; despite the somewhat goofy cast and seeing it countless times never fails to bring on the tears. This is absolutely one of my favorite movies of all time. I am forever a fan of Alexandre Dumas's most infamous work.
This is a very good DVD, romantic and somewhat historical. It takes place around the time of Napolean's exile. I have watched this many times and have shared it with teenagers, who also love it.
I love this movie! When I couldn't find it in my local stores and needed it right now I was able to get it for a reasonable price(was a birthday present to myself). I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a solid, action-packed experience!
What is so wrong with making a movie and changing the story or plot a little.  As if Dumas' books are sacred writ...so many struggle to find any value in an adaptation.  If you ask me this movie was far more entertaining than either the book or any of the earlier films of the same title.  I enjoy a great rewrite.
The service was fast and the dvd is new as I ordered it. So I am a very satisfied customer. I ordered the count of monte christ dvd.
Great movie!  Enjoyable to watch and see how cleverly the hero exacts his revenge.  Not as good as the book but similar.  Well made, great acting, one you can watch again and again!
This CD was very good. The view of the movie was good, and it came in a timely fashion.  I really enjoyed watching this movie.  Thank you.
I really enjoyed this movie. Does not follow the book really, but thats ok because I felt the movie was better. Overall, very enjoyable.
While this movie defers from the book it is an amazing modern rendition of a classic novel. Good actors, costumes, and a good director bring this movie together into what I believe is one of the best versions of "The Count of Monte Cristo" to date.
This is a great movie with a little of everything. When one friend betrays another, it sends the main character life in a downward spiral. It is only at his lowest that someone comes and gives him the strength and intelligence that he so needs to plot his revenge on his betraying friend, whom he finds out married his to-be wife. If you are looking for a great movie to watch this would be it. 10 out of 10.
DVD was delivered very fast, and was in perfect condition. Thank you for a great transaction. Would highly reccomend to everyone.
The Count of Monte Cristo is one of the my favorite books. This movie is now one of my favorites. I highly recommend it to everyone!
This was the first movie I viewed with Jim Caveizel acting. I thoroughly enjoyed the plot, writing, and acting. It is an excellent story of redemption and justice. It has long been a favorite with our Family!
Such a good story, I bought the book and dvd for my husband for christmas and he is really enjoying both!
This is a great movie if you are looking for action and adventure. Has great actors and a great storyline.
Great Movie, I had seen it years ago and wanted to see it again and it was just as good the secound time around.
This is a great movie. My wife watches it over and over, about 7 times now.
This is such a great re-make of the original that starred the late "Tony Curtis".  I love this movie.
The movie is excellent in all respects; however, the company, MovieMars, is not.  First they sent an unusable CD due to it being the wrong Regional area.  Then when I sent it back, at the expense of $5.43 mailing fees, they refused to reimburse me for the postage.  They refunded the original fee for the CD, but not the postage for return fee.  They claimed I should have known what Region I am in and which CD would or would not work on my machine.  Well -- I have been renting, buying, and borrowing CDs for about 15 years and have never had this experience before.  I believe the CD they sent was meant for foreign markets and they should have known which one to send due to my return address.  Anyway -- they were nasty about it, and until I get the postage refunded to my Visa account, I will not be ordering from them, for sure, and probably not from Amazon.  After all, Amazon is the company that is truly in charge here.  Thank you.
Good movie but ends differently from the book.  Had I not read the book, I would have enjoyed it more.  I bought the VHS used at a very good price.  I was very pleased.
Action, Adventure & Love.  Great movie for teens and adults.  From rags to riches; good verses evil theme. Revenge is bad and doing what is right is the lesson.  Great acting and a great story!
The director did a fine job in that he appealed to the 21st century audience.  The action involved and the forgiveness given to his love was not in the original book but I would not have enjoyed the movie unless he allowed for this change.  The original book was a bit morose.
You can place this in that `far better than I remembered it being' category.  `The Count of Monte Cristo' is fun, exciting, intelligent and suspenseful, far more than I expected it to be and far better than I remembered it.  Having recently indulged in this forgotten gem once again, I'm finding myself kind of giddy.<br /><br />This movie is fun.<br /><br />If you are into the classic adventure films like `Swiss Family Robinson' and `Robinson Caruso', this film is right up there and certainly just as engaging.<br /><br />You know, my initial dislike for this movie was probably plagued by a heavy dose of bias.  My parents lauded it, and so that is usually sparks an initial reaction of discomfort.  I mean, I pride myself on having better cinematic taste than they do, and so when they recommend something to me I'm usually hesitant.  Still, they saw the movie twice in the theater and encouraged me to accompany them on their THIRD trip to the movies.  I begrudgingly accepted the invitation.  Now, mind you, I don't think that Guy Pearce or Jim Caviezel are great actors.  Capable, yes, but no where near `great'.  I think that also clouded my appreciation for this film.<br /><br />I was also merely sixteen when this film was released, so I kind of have an excuse for judging films with sharp bias.<br /><br />Still, I did enjoy the film enough to buy it later on a whim and I've watched it several times since then.  Upon my most recent viewing I found the film elevating drastically for me.<br /><br />The film tells the tale of Edmond Dantes, a middleclass sailor whose friend, the wealthy Fernand Mondego, is surprisingly jealous of Edmond's good fortune.  He has recently been promoted to captain of his vessel and has become engaged to his girlfriend, the ravishing Mercedes.  Spurned on by his jealousy, Fernand betrays his friend, concocting an elaborate and viscous scheme that lands Dantes imprisoned in the torturous Chateau d'If.  While in prison he bonds with a fellow prisoner who teaches him to fight, as well as articulating him, teaching him to read and write and converse as a gentleman.  Then he informs him of a hidden treasure and tells him the location.  Once Edmond finds a means of escape he uses his newfound knowledge to create a disguise, allowing him to exact revenge on the men responsible for his loss of thirteen years in prison.<br /><br />With ravishing and passionate performances, stunning visual prowess and a sharply constructed script that breathes an air of believability in a premise that is undoubtedly far-fetched, `The Count of Monte Cristo' is nothing short of grade-A entertainment and serves as further proof that first impressions aren't always correct.
Arrived quickly and excellently packaged. DVD in even better condition than description. Very happy.
And even though the above quote is not taken from this movie, it did remind me a lot of it as I was watching this film. I could see this movie plenty of times and not get bored of it thanks to its clever script and wonderful acting by all personnel.<br /><br />You probably know by now what `The Count of Monte Cristo' is all about so I will not bore you with the subject matter of the film. But what I will say is, if you enjoy seeing the enemy get no mercy -not necessarily getting killed- and thriving for vengeance at its best with witty `traps', then there is no exception for you to miss out on this movie.
While this film may not make it into the "classic" category, I've surely seen a lot of movies which were much, much worse.  This one is colorful, well-acted, and tries its very best to do justice to the sprawling plot of Alexandre Dumas' 1200-page novel.<br /><br />Of course, as any screenwriter has learned, it's not just difficult but impossible to shoehorn a huge novel into a film.  Therefore, entire swathes of the novel's plot wind up in the waste-basket, characters are blended together, and so on.  The one alteration I found most interesting was the story of the grand love affair between the Count (Edmond Dantes) and Mercedes.  In the novel, the two lovers face up to the decades of betrayal and part ways.  As I recall, Mercedes retires to the country or goes into a convent, while Edmond frees his "Greek slave" and marries her.  In this movie, Edmond and Mercedes forgive one another and go on to perpetual bliss. (There is no "Greek slave" --- she wound up in the wastebasket with all the other stuff, including the lesbian runaways.)<br /><br />I really think (and hope) that this whole business of turning novels into movies is going to learn something from Peter Jackson's "Lord of the Rings" --- or from the TV mini-series.  Producers should STOP chopping and maiming the original story to cram it into a narrow time frame: they should take just as much time as needed to tell the complete story.<br /><br />Of course, that's just me sayin'.  :-)<br /><br />This is a good movie!  But it could have been a lot better!
Great Movie I recommend to anyone to watch it....original movie, excellent condition..and on time shipping..
This is a very complex book that encompasses many years.  The movie did a very good job of keying in on the events that allows someone who never read the book to understand the characters, situation and message.  One of mine and my husband's favorites (book and movie).<br /><br />Laura in Texas
One of my favorite movies of all time. James Caviezel is excellent in his role as the count. Set on revenge for a serious injustice he ends up with some good fortune that runs his way while in prison. Sets the rest of the movie to plot against the very men that caused his demise. Great Movie!
the disk of the dvd i bought was in good condition but i waited quite a while for it to get to me, so that is my only complaint with this purchase
We always enjoy seeing this adaptation of the Dumas' book.  The movie flows well and the story (though familiar) is interesting and exciting.  The story, "The Count of Monte Cristo", inspired other great works and movies such as the movie, "The Shawshank Redemption"- one of the best films of all time.<br /><br />This movie will appeal to all ages.  Great movie.<br /><br />JR Felisilda<br />Author of the book "Nanay: Lessons from a Mother"
having read this book in grade school, it made a huge impression on me... so how great to find this film three decades later and share with my daughter. thought the execution was fantastic, and the departures from the script did not bother me, though i do plan to grab a copy of the book and re-read it.  highly recommended.
I realize that this movie is different than the book. I have read the book and I loved it.<br /><br />However, that being said, this movie, standing alone, is AMAZING. I cannot complain. Every time I watch it, reading is the last thing from my mind. This has all the elements of a good action movie- a fantastic intrigue, believable and fun characters, lots of exciting twists and turns and action sequences, a solid and sweet romance, revenge, sword fights, smugglers, mercenaries... I could just go on and on.<br /><br />I have seen this movie so many times and will watch it so many times again. I wish Hollywood could make more movies like THIS one. I rarely get to see a good old-fashioned historical epic that I love like this.<br /><br />I refuse to dislike it because it's so different than the book. I think it's an interesting and modern take on a classic story of revenge. I feel the SPIRIT of the novel the entire time I watch the movie, and that's what matters to me.<br /><br />I just want to say this movie had an EXCELLENT cast and I think that's what helped make the movie so amazing for me. It was the delivery of the lines and the timing of the actors that made it glide so smoothly. I felt like the ACTORS believed the story and were really committed.<br /><br />In a small but much-needed part, Michael Wincott is perfect in his role as the prison overseer. I love him as an addition to any movie I've seen him in (this role reminded me of his part as Sir Guy in Robin Hood- another amazing part). Of course, Richard Harris as Priest was as perfect as over and very animated! Guy Peace has fun with his role as Fernand- he is so delightfully sarcastic, arrogant and manipulative. Though he played his vulnerable side so well. Luis Guzman and JB Blanc should also get recognized for making this actual revenge plot of this movie happen- they are involved as mercenaries and friends of the count in almost every revenge scene. They are both funny, interesting and believable in their roles. James Caviezel stole my heart away as Edmond... he really played the transition of the character SO well, both in emotions and in the age of the character. I could hardly recognize Edmond as the Count from Edmond the innocent youth. Also, Dagmara Dominczyk was fantastic, though admittedly, I know little about her. I must say, she was given a sappy part (she cries in most of her scenes) and she handled that demanding role well! She was beautiful and sweet. James Frain is one of my all-time favorite actors, though he is not a megastar. I simply adore his acting. He plays a gray villain in this movie- not quite a total bad guy but certainly has his share of bad deeds. It was fun to see him in this part for sure. At first I was surprised at him being casted for that role, but I just came to love the part.<br /><br />Give this movie a try and just sit back and enjoy. The plot is solid and just complex enough. The acting is superb. It is not a perfect recreation of the original novel but it IS a perfect capture of the IDEA of the novel. Revenge was never so sweet!
My order was shipped so quickly, it was great. I received the movie with no complications which is not always true when ordering things off the internet.
I was at work when a coworker told me about this movie and that it was really good. So being the fact that I am always looking for a good movie I ordered it from my work computer. Upon watching the movie I was very happy with my dissension to buy it. Since it was old it worth more buying than renting. The movie it self is very detailed and very satisfying. The ending felt like an ending where some movies I've seen just leave me saying (That was a waste of time) I would recommend this movie to anybody it has action for myself and drama the my wife really got into.
This movie is a classic - the perfect combination of action/adventure, intrigue, and romance. It's amazing.
My brother suggested we watch this.  Normally I don't care for his  movie choices because he loves Star Trek and action films.  WOW, this is a  GREAT MOVIE. I think the only reason anyone would give it less than ten stars :) is that they do not pay close enough attention in the beginning. SO, without spoilers I will explain the beginning....<br /><br />A man is in love and also has a best friend.  The man gets a promotion at work (basically) and when he does...he proposes.  Soon after, he is approached by Napoleon (no, this is not a boring history film, not at all!) and is asked to carry a letter to someone.<br /><br />The man is caught helping Napoleon and put in a horrible, underground prison.  He makes a friend there (a priest) and spends all of his time plotting revenge.<br /><br />Well, I can tell you, this movie is one where you get to the end and say "Wow, I wish I could watch that for the first time AGAIN!"  It's great!  But you do need to pay attention in the beginning...BUT DO NOT BE PUT OFF BY THE BEGINNING.<br /><br />Everyone we watched this with was trying to chat during the beginning. (Family from out of town.)  Just pay attention.  Once he is in prison, which is pretty soon, it really loosens up and is a beautiful, fun film.
This story, written by Alexandre Dumas tells a tale that is as classic and contemporary at the same time as it likely was upon its release as a book in Paris in the 1800s. It is also a tale that almost anyone might find something of value in which to identify. There is innocence, intrigue, revenge, honesty, romance, devotion and narcissism among other personality traits, for good or bad, and clarity around some of the same topics and moral questions experienced by the many vivid characters in this drama. When innocent people go to jail as a result of corruption and a love of materialism, who is to fault? As sophisticated as life was in Paris at the time for people of means, it was rife with corruption.<br /><br />The movie is excellently scripted, wonderfully acted, and truth is, I just can't watch it enough! Everytime I watch it I get something or see something else in the story that hadn't emerged in my mind earlier. Of course, there are several parts of the film that are my favorite-- if you'd care to know one: look for the Count when he introduces himself to French (Parisian) society with his "Greetings."<br /><br />I recommend this film for people of ALL ages. If you'd like to experience what life was in France during the time of Napoleon Bonaparte, I also recommend this movie. It indeed provides a good history lesson in addition to the moral lessons to be derived from the experiences Dumas captured so eloquently in this masterpiece!
This addition of the famous story is mostly to be recommended. The acting is first rate and 'Mercedes' is a knock out. The movie works very well even though it doesn't follow strictly to the book. My only criticism is it's scanty treatment of the part of the story where Dantes ( The Count ) rescues his old employer and friend from ruin by setting him up with a new ( replica of his original one ) boat. This is one of the central parts of the story and deserved more screen time than it got.
I really  appreciated this film on the second viewing. Afterwards, I thought, "Wow, that was really a satisfying, great film to watch." Satisfying, of course, to see the typical good guy-gets-revenge tale enacted out but also a film which provided some beautiful scenery and photography all the way through.  Boy, I hope this comes out on Blu-Ray some day.<br /><br />Acting-wise, the most fun to watch was Richard Harris as "Priest," the longtime prisoner who tutors young Jim Caviezel, the man (Edmond Dantes) unjustly imprisoned who exacts his revenge in the last hour of the movie. Harris had some of the best lines in the movie, several very profound statements. Ironic that he would be giving Caviezel - who two years later was playing Jesus in "The Passion Of The Christ" - sermons about believing in God! That's the acting profession; one film you play an  atheist, the next you are Jesus!<br /><br />For those who might think the first 30-40 minutes of this movie are a bit slow, stay with it as the action picks up once Caviezel escapes from the prison. Shortly afterward, he is aided by the other character I found most fun to watch, played by Luis Gusman, who still sounds like he's more at home in the streets of New York but, once again, you suspend belief and just go along for the ride.<br /><br />Strange how our human nature makes revenge so sweet when forgiveness is the right thing to do, but Hollywood has always capitalized on this human failing, making enjoyable films like this. To be fair, it isn't just revenge, as this film points out, it's "justice" we all like to see. In here, the two words are interchanged, depending upon one's rationalizations.
This movie is top notch. The acting and filming is excellent, as is the story line. It conveys a message of hope, eventual justice, the futility of grudge-bearing and the merits of generousity. The action is attention holding and the movie has no dull spots. I watch it on average once per month.
One of the best Movies I have seen in many years. Jim Caviezal will become a national treasure. Up there with Morgan Freeman,Hoffman,Redford etc.<br />If you want to see a great movie and one to add to a collection this is it.<br /><br />Brian<br /><br />cleveland ohio.
This is one of my favorite versions of the count of Monte-Cristo! I just love (James Caviezel) as Edmund Dantes; he is a beautiful, handsome man! If you love hidden treasure, pirates and seaman, and adventure, and romance, then this movie is just for you!<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie, it is a story about a poor, innocent and handsome seaman, who gets charged with a crime that he did not commit! His rich best friend Mondego, betrays Edmund, with the help of Dangler(the ships first mate) they are very jealous of Edmund.<br /><br /> Villefort, a powerful and deceitful man joins forces with Mondego, and puts Edmund in prison, and charges Edmund with crimes that he did not commit! Mondego ends up marrying Edmunds sweetheart(Mercedes), while Edmund is in prison.<br /><br />After several years in prison, Edmund becomes bitter and seeks revenge, and with the help of a fellow prisoner (Richard Harris-the priest), Edmund learns how to read and gets a education and learns how to sword fight! The priest helps Edmund escape, and gives him a hidden treasure.<br /><br />Then Edmund is rich and free! And seeks revenge! I just loved this movie, a definite must see movie!
I purchased The Count of Monte Cristo for my husband for Christmas but we ended up not watching it until my birthday just a couple of days ago -- what a great way to spend my evening. I loved all the action, the period costumes and scenery is very authentic, but the best part was actor James Caviezel -- he is great. (This is the same guy who played Jesus in "The Passion of Christ".) The only negative thing I would say is that the count got a little too hard (mean) with his revenge plot. I would recommend the movie and think it's worth even watching again.
..and that's gotta be why it was enjoyable. *SPOILERS*<br /><br />I haven't read the book, or I'm sure I'd be giving it fewer stars, but for what it was, I was pulled into it and happy the fantasy ended happily.  Let's face it, you want him to get his revenge, get the girl and live happily ever after.  Who doesn't hope for that?  Also, the lead actor Jim Caviezel, who plays the loyal then betrayed Edmond Dantes is a sypathetic and likable character that you have no choice but to route for.  It's as if he's getting revenge for you!  Not to mention the scenery was beautiful. Beleivable or great art, this may not be, but it was an entertaining enough movie.
It was so easy to buy the DVD I was looking for, The Count of Monte Cristo, on Amazon.com!  Even ColumbiaHouse did not have it!  I entered a search, got instant results, looked at the reviews, chose a seller and ordered a used but "like new", DVD. It arrived in just days and was in perfect condition!  I'm very happy with the seller and with Amazoncom!
James Caviezel, Guy Pierce, Richard Harris, Luis Guzmain, and the rest the cast give great performances. Under the astute direction of Kevin Reynolds the pacing is good and you truly get a feel for the events. The costumes, sets, and music are well done and add to the illusion of being there. This is a classic and remarkable Alexandre Dumas story of a common man falsely accused and imprisoned. His escape and revenge will have most people cheering or at least on the edge of their seat. The action seems almost non-stop but even the slower moments have good character development and help clarify the story. A fair amount of time is spent with Harris's and Guzmain's characters which helps develop them. The amount of treasure he finds is overwhelming. I highly recommend you catch this version. Although I have not read the book, this version inspires me to do so as I have a feeling it follows it more closely. Good quality DVD with great replayability. If you enjoyed this catch "The Man in the Iron Mask" and "The Three Musketeers". - C. Luster
This Buena Vista film version (spoken in English) of the Count of Monte Cristo is a very fast-paced DVD version of Alexander Dumas's novel of the same title. James Caviezel and Guy Pearce's performes are both well-performed.<br /><br />I could imagine James Caviezel as the Count of Monte Cristo as pictured in Dumas's novel. The remainder of the characters also fitted their roles well, especially Danglars, Villefort, and Mondego.<br /><br />It is true that this film version is meant to display acting, especially plot sequence. It therefore does not allow the characters time to develop the way that Dumas's book did. However, this film does present most of the major aspects of the book that are most important to remember.<br /><br />The revenge sequence at the end of the film does GREATLY variate from the book. For example, Villefort is arrested, Danglars is also arrested, and Mondego dies in a duel. This is not exactly what a BBC drama afficianado might want to see, but then again, no one has ever accused Buena Vista of attempting to mimic the BBC.<br /><br />Overall, if you want to watch the book on DVD, I would advise you NOT to purchase this DVD. However, if you are willing to watch a film that is relatively entertaining, with good acting and well-designed sets (yet not altogether loyal to Dumas), than this might be the film version for you.<br /><br />Otherwise, the Koch Lorber Films French version of the Count of Monte Cristo (1999), starring Gerard Depardieu might serve your purpose better - especially if you know how to converse well in Francais (French).
I originally watched this movie before reading the book, and enjoyed it quite a bit.  Friends of mine who had read the book scoffed at the movie for its simplicity and consistent straying from the book.  I have been reading the book for about a month now (and am only about 2/3 done!) and decided to buy the movie, since the book was so entertaining. I have to say that I now agree with my friends - there is simply no way to adequately tell the story in a 2 or even 3 hour movie.  The shift from Edmond Dantes to the Count of Monte Cristo and his various other personalities (Sinbad the Sailor, the Abbe Busconi, etc.) is such a dramatic one that it would require more of a series-type film to sufficiently portray it.  I'm thinking of something similar to "I, Claudius," "the Jewel in the Crown," "Band of Brothers," etc. You only have to read a couple hundred pages of the book to understand what I mean - it is almost as if the producer would need to hire two separate actors: one to play Edmond and one to play the Count (or one hell of an actor, no disrespect to Jim Caviezel, who still does a fantastic job).<br /><br />It is not that this movie is a poor one; far from it! The story-line is entertaining, the acting strong, and the writing intelligent.  But this movie is simply not the story of the Count of Monte Cristo.  So many changes have been made, and incredibly significant ones! Entire characters and subplots have been entirely ignored, and those characters or subplots that remain are often entirely changed.  For example, Edmond's interaction with the smugglers directly after escaping is an entertaining one, but it is not even in the book!<br /><br />If you haven't read the book, I suspect you'll find this movie a delight; if you've read it and remember any amount of details, you'll be bewildered much of the time.  I haven't finished the book, but I'm told that the ending is also entirely different! But to those who can get past the "it's not as good as the book" syndrome and understand that a 2-hour movie can never compare to literature, I think all can find this enjoyable.
I recieved this movie will before it was due to come to me.  Am very happy with your service. thanks for the great service.
Very entertaining movie.  I've watched it a number of times and always enjoy.  I got this copy for my granddaughter who is seventeen.  We watched it together.  There's not all that many movies out there that you can watch with your granddaughter.  Try this one.
This is one of my favorite movies. Granted it was only released four years ago and I've probably seen it 4-5 times. I find, not necessarily in this order, a strong sense of fidelity to the original book. While this may seem faint praise, when you compare it to the disasters of Musketeers and Iron Mask, this film is brilliant.<br /><br />The movie addresses the intrigue of the time. The Bonapartists, the Republicans, and of course the Star Chamber proceedings absent witnesses and certainly absent justice.<br /><br />Edmund Dantes is imprisoned not for something he did but for something he knows. And the prosecuutor who sentences him conspires with Dantes' friend to arrange a Hitchcockian 'man on the train' exchange of murder most foul, Villafort sentencing the unknowing Dantes to life or death in Chateau d'Iff, a watery prison-grave and Mondego, lusting after Dantes' bethrothed, Mercedes, to murder his Villafort's father, an embarrassing Bonapartist.<br /><br />The movie reeks of post revolutionary Paris and you get a palpable sense of the times. Dangerous times, but times when a man of revenge and money might make his way.<br /><br />We feel for Dantes once he escapes from prison, on the one hand rooting for his victory while on the other, saddened by his consumption of hate. Even Mercedes asks him to relinquish his hate and he tells her, surrounded by wealth, 'it's all I have.'<br /><br />Caviezel is brilliant as the brooding wronged man, articulate and well trained by his colleague in prison, Father Faria (Richard Harris), with his rage and torture so very close to the surface.<br /><br />Guy Pearce is excellent as the promiscuous, unscrupulous Mondego, and kudos must be given to Luis Guzman, who is always good, and Harris, who is always brilliant.<br /><br />You can't miss. 5 stars. Larry Scantlebury
This movie is really good. It is a little long, but it is totally worth it. It's exciting, emotional, dramatic, and captivating. Everyone should see this one!
The Count of Monte Christo stars Jim Cavizel in the last big movie he did before taking the part of Jesus in the Passion of the Christ.  No matter how long this movie is, it will always be short to do the book and the full story justice.  Most people however, will not read the book, so this movie must be evaluated on its own.  Cavizel is Edmond Dantes, a young sailor awarded the captain's role of a merchant vessel.  His fiance is thrilled but his best friend Mondego (played by Guy Pierce) is jealous.  On their last voyage, the ship had made a stop at Elba where Dantes and Modego talked with Napolean.  Mondego used this meeting and the help of a jealous sailor named Danglars to frame Dantes for treason.<br /><br />Despite th attempted frame, Dantes is about to be let go when the government attorney Villefort has a change of heart.  That night, Dantes is sent to prison not knowing why.  His fiance Mercedes and Mondego plead for Dantes life, but Villefort refuses to release him and even tells them Dantes has been executed.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Dantes languishes in prison questioning God and his will to live.  Soon, Dantes meets a priest who tunnelled into Dantes' cell mistakenly while trying to escape.  They become best friends and the priest teaches Dantes everything he knows about life, the arts, fighting and even tells him about a hidden treasure.  Soon Dantes escapes from prison.  At his point the movie is half over.  The second half of the movie portrays Dantes transforming himself into the Count of Monte Christo for the soul purpose of getting revenge on those who wronged him.  In my opinion, this is the best part of the movie, yet it is too short to give proper attention to the revenge schemes Dantes uses or to show how is character has changed over the years.<br /><br />This is a beautiful, colorful movie to look at with great acting and adventure.  This is a classic story and I recommend this movie (and the book).  Some downfalls I noticed were Cavizel's portrayal of Dantes after he escaped from prison.  Now after reading the book, I think Cavizel's portrayal was accurate, but the movie didn't last long enough to give it justice.
Director Kevin Reynolds keeps you pleasantly entertained with light humor in the classic story of the Count of Monte Cristo. I look forward to seeing this movie again.
I must confess that I have not read the book that this movie is based on.  I did enjoy the few Dumas stories I have read, though.  Most people that give this movie a big thumbs down have read the book and, rather unrealistically, expect a perfect translation of a 900+ page book into a film with a run time of just over 2 hours.  Obviously, that's not going to happen.  So I'll just tackle the film itself.<p>The Count of Monte Cristo hit the theaters in early 2002, arriving with all the fanfare of...well, you know when the grocery store gets a new shipment of cereal?  Less than that.  But sometimes the smallest splashes result in the greatest impacts.  The Count of Monte Cristo came out and reminded the few who saw it that a movie can have a great, cohesive story with superior acting and entertain without being either pretentiously arty or exceptionally lowbrow.  As I said, all of the actors are great:  Jim Caviezel, Guy Pearce, Richard Harris, Tom Everett Scott, Luis Guzman, Michael Wincott, etc.<p>If you're looking for an accurate adaptation of the novel, this probably isn't your place, but if you're looking for an entertaining, epic film with action, intrigue, betrayal, revenge, and even a dash of comedy, you can't do much better than The Count.
This is the first time I have preferred a movie over the book on which it was based, something I thought would never happen. The movie is only loosely based on the Dumas novel. Some reviewers have complained that the movie is not true to the book. It would be impossible to make it true to the book in a two-hour period. There are so many subplots in the book's 118 chapters that a movie would have to be several hours long to portray it faithfully. <p>While I loved the book, I actually liked some of the departures from the original storyline. When reading the book I wanted to sympathize with Edmond but found it harder as the story went on. In the book Edmond in the end is a rather unlikable, arrogant character (despite the good he does). In the movie he regains the decency he had before his imprisonment. In the book he abandons Mercedes to a life of loneliness despite her obvious love for him and settles down with a girl young enough to be his daughter. In the movie he reunites with Mercedes. In the book he harms people who were not responsible for what happened to him and doesn't care about consequences until a woman and child end up dead as a result of his behavior. In the movie he metes out justice and harms only the people who deserve it. The movie is a great moral tale, a great struggle between good and evil. In the book the line between good guy and bad guy is blurred, and Edmond becomes, in many ways, no better than Fernand, Danglars and Villefort. By removing the moral ambiguity I feel that the screenwriters have actually improved on what Dumas wrote, which is rare for film adaptations.<p>This appears to be a fairly low budget movie, so be prepared for some imperfections, such as the lack of great background music that I would have expected of a period piece. I also agree with some reviewers that Fernand was miscast. Having said that I still highly recommend buying this movie.
There is simply no other word to describe the newest visual version of this great classic but Magnificent!  The Count has always been one of my favorite literary characters and he is brought to life -- a true storybook treatment of the original novel.  The scenery, sets, direction, cinematography and every other aspect of this film are beyond comparison with any other movie my husband and I have seen in the past several years.<br />  The movie sweeps the viewer away from the very first moments, incorporating historical characters and events into a story which develops and broadens as the movie progresses.  On the night I saw this film (my birthday -- my choice), I had received a painful shot to ease torn muscle pain in my arm.  My husband and I really debated whether we wanted to go out at all simply because I wasn't in the mood to do anything.  But I had so wanted to see this movie since I first saw the previews that I decided to brave it (we already had a sitter lined up too).  By the time the movie was 15 minutes in, I had forgotten the pain, relaxed back in my seat and was totally enthralled.<br />  We are very picky about the movies we go to see and have not been overly impressed of late with the selections available.  We would usually rather stay home and watch one of our 2000+ VHS tapes or growing collection of DVDs.  This film was so incredible, we went back 11 days later and saw it again (something we never do except occasionally with Star Trek movies).  I recommend this movie for anyone who likes romance, action, adventure, period pieces and tremendous storytelling.
I found that the movie version of Count of Monte Cristo was much better than the book. While yes, they do differ,the book leaves you hanging while the movie closes perfectly. So if you are going to invest time, go with the movie, it's a better bet.
although movies have a time frame, it would have been great if they included some of his days as a pirate.  other than that i really like this movie.
The movie was very different from the book but it was a very good movie with excellent acting. It was worth watching.
This is a wonderful retelling of Dumas' Count of Monte Cristo. James Caviezel plays a wonderful Edmund Dantes, and a mysterious Count Of Monte Cristo.
This is one of my favorite movies!  That's why I bought it.
A movie worth watching numerous times.  An excellent cast which contributes complexity and depth to this historical fiction classic.  The movie excels at various levels.  It will remain as one of our family's all time favorites.  Everyone we have shown the movie to, in turn, snatches my movie and shows the movie to others.  I have purchased additional copies.  Appropriate for various audiences.  Tasteful and timely humor.  Not one expletive.  Eloquently executed.  Exciting and satisfying resolution.
This is one of the best revenge movies I have ever seen.  If you never see a movie again except for this one, you will be just fine.  Good Plot, Great Action, and a story to die for.
We've seen many of these revenge movies and the COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO is a compilation of them all. Oh, and throw in a little of the illiterate and naive country bumpkin who becomes educated by the kindly older gentleman during an undeserved incarceration and we have a great film. This movie is reminiscent of Zorro, Pirates of the Caribbean and all the good swashbucklers that we have come to enjoy. James Caviezel does an outstanding job of playing Edmund Dantes, the honorable and kindly young man who is wrongfully accused of treason by his jealous best friend.<br /><br />Abb' Faria (the delightful Richard Harris), another prisoner befriends Dantes during the thirteen years he is imprisoned.  This priest not only educates Dante, but also gives him a map to a great treasure. When Dantes escapes he finds the treasure and then begins his quest of retaliation against those who betrayed him. We all like vengeance movies where the 'bad guy' gets theirs and MONTE CRISTO is one of the best! The scenery, costumes and acting are all top notch and the little love story is also highly enjoyable.
I absolutely loved this movie! The music, the story, everything.  Of course, James Caviezel was gorgeous. And, Guy Pearce was a real looker too. Movies are so much fun when there is a bad guy who is just rotten to the core. Don't you just love when there is a villain you can just hate and enjoy hating? Each bad guy got what he deserved, and they got it good! The humor was priceless. This is a flawless movie. So, it's not the original. BIG DEAL! He got the women, the kid, and some sweet revenge. If that doesn't make a good movie I don't know what does. The original didn't have any of that. Did I mention that the action was delicious? And, that sword fight at the end was quite enjoyable. All I can say is if you haven't seen this one you don't know what you're missing!
Many reviewers have commented on the movie so I'd like to focus exclusively on the features of the DVD.<p>So many times you you get a DVD and the &quot;extras&quot; consist of the trailer and the choice of sub-titles.  Other times you luck out and get what appears to be cool behind-the-scenes documentaries.  What you get, in fact, are hammy interviews with the cast and crew as they go about their business of making the movie.  And most of the explanations of the more technical aspects are as about as in-depth as you'd get on Entertainment Tonight.  <p>There are exceptions, of course, such as the first Matrix which offered details about how they created the special effects in the movie.  But it seems these kinds of extras are the exception and not the rule.<p>The Count of Monte Cristo is a pleasant surprise because it truly offers interesting background information that a fan of the movie would want to watch.  <p>A discussion with the screenwriter as to how and why he adapted the script from the original Dumas book was very interesting.  And the short bio on Dumas was a nice surpise.  And unlike other DVDs, this one offers not only deleted scenes, but also commentary about why those scenes were deleted.  Perhaps the only mundane portion of the extras was the &quot;layer-by-layer&quot; audio design segment which took a specific scene of the movie and split the sound into dialogue, sound effects, and music.  But even then, this would be of interest to people who want to learn more about how movies are made.<p>This is a DVD for people who want to know more about the movie and its subject.  I only wish other DVDs were as good as this one.
Reimagining a classic is always a gamble, and this one may come up short if you're expecting a full-scale revision of the original.  Dumas' tale of love, justice, and revenge cannot fit into 2 hours, and this movie attempts to abridge even the most abridged version of the story.  Edmund Dantes (Jim Caviezel) is falsely accused of treason, thanks to jealous and conspiring friends (Guy Pearce and James Frain).  He finds himself imprisoned at Chateau d'If during his engagement to Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk).  Upon his escape from the island, he vows revenge, doing so with unlimited funds from a sunken treasure and under a new guise, the Count of Monte Cristo.  Dantes' friends, now wealthy and successful, are at first taken by this new count, until he proves to be less of a gentleman than they expected.<p>With all the action and cunning, or because of it, the pacing seemed rather hurried, perhaps because the novel is juicier; for all his 13 years in prison, Dantes exacts his justice rather quickly, leaving little time for emotions on both sides to seethe and boil.  The film focuses unnecessary time on Dantes' imprisonment, in spite of Richard Harris' fine performance as a fellow prisoner and a priest who teaches Edmund and later directs him to the treasure; his character is immediately forgotten following Dantes' escape. In condensing the story, however, the script manages to draw out jealousies born of a lifelong friendship between a commoner, Dantes, and a noble, Fernand Mondego. Jim Caviezel and Guy Pearce fill out their roles exceptionally well.  In less skilled hands, their characters might come dangerously close to self-parody.  Still, the script provides only a faint shadow of Dumas' rich novel.  <p>The DVD comes stocked with extras, including a biography on Dumas and a study of the novel. There are also deleted scenes, a director commentary, and a segment on the adaptation.  I would have liked some interviews with Caviezel and Pearce, however.<p>If you enjoy the story but not the 200 hours of reading you'll need for the book, you should check out the French miniseries filmed a few years back starring Gerard Depardieu.  It's much more faithful to the original, and the added time allows Dantes' revenge plots to precipitate at a delicious pace.
Perhaps one of the best novels ever written, the Count of Monte Cristo is a story of an innocent man that seeks to revenge his wrongful imprisonment.  Dumas brilliantly confronts themes pertaining to nearly all facets of human existence including that of justice, revenge, love, friendship, greed, jealousy, etc.  <p>Despite its vivid detail and striking character development, the novel reads rather easily and quickly.  This story has been the inspiration of many great movies, most notably, that of The Shawshank Redemption (1994).  <p>Truly a classic and a must read.
Great flick for a Saturday night during the winter.  The camera work and filmaking were excellent, Italy and France never looked so good from the sea.  The actors were good, the novel was represented fairly well, and this movie moves along at a good pace.  The classic themes of revenge, adultery, deceipt, redemption, father vs. son, friend vs. friend, lover vs. lover, are all in this movie.  While this movie will not win a ton of awards, compared to so much of the low quality movies out there today, this movie definitely receives a grade of &quot;B&quot; or higher.  Worth seeing.
This most recent adaptation of the famous novel is a little slow and meandering in the first third of the movie, but following the appearance of Richard Harris - like a mole rising from the ground - the pace quickly picks up and explodes as the lead protagonist wreaks vengeance on those who betrayed him earlier.<br />The movie is not as effective as the 1978 version which starred Richard Chamberlain in the lead role, but what it does have in evidence is some truly interesting features. My favorite extra feature on this DVD is the documentary which recounts the adaptation of the story and why the screenwriter made the changes that he did.<br />Well recommended.
I never heard of this movie until someone mentioned he was named after the Dumas character in this novel.  I haven't watched the 1934 version but I have the TV miniseries with Gerard Depardieu [in French with English subtitles] and this latest version.  Of the two, the movie was definitely a notch above [both due to the choice of actor and the screenplay adaptation]. <p>I just wished I watched it with the someone beside me!
If you have read this classic tale by Alex Dumas, you won't be disappointed! This is a wonderful movie that keeps you wrapped up until the very end! It will exceed your expectations, I promise you! Jim Caviezel makes a great Dantes and Pearce's dialogue is truly amazing. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
I read the novel this summer, in anticipation for the release of this movie and after watching the film, I realized that the movie can stand on its own merits.  At times, however, my knowledge of the novel did cloud my perspective of the film, but the quality of the acting, the scenery, and the storyline is much higher than the majority of Hollywood films.  I strongly recommend both the film and the book. Yes, there is liberty taken in adapting the classic book to the screen, but you simply cannot portray the complexity of the novel in a 2-hour time frame. This is a great movie, and Dumas' classic novel is a great book. No question about it.
Never heard of this movie until my husband brought it home.  It was wonderful!  Thoroughly enjoyable this tale of a wronged man who takes sweet revenge on his enemies, while reigniting a lost love.<p>Why have I never heard of this film before? Surely the lead should have been nominated for an Oscar.  This film was a little violent, but can be enjoyed by the entire family.  A true gem.
Have you ever found yourself thinking,&quot;They just don't make movie's like they used to.&quot; If so, The Count of Monte Cristo will become a hit in your household!<br />  When I was young I remember watching Eril Flynn Movies with my Father and being totally transfixed to the television! The fight scenes would take my breath away, no special effects needed. Now in a world of movies like The Matrix, and Blade, it seems every action movie that comes out has to have UNBELIEVABLE special effects to be a hit. That is not the case with The Count of Monte Cristo, it's an old action story told in a realistic way.<br />  Alexandre Dumas's works have never failed to inspire filmmakers to make his stories into movies. The success of The Three Musketeers and The Man in the Iron Mask have proven that, The Count of Monte Cristo is no exception.<br />  This epic tale of heroism begins with two boyhood friends coming home from sea, Edmond has been promoted and can finally afford to marry his true love. Unfortunatly his friend also loves the same woman, and has Edmond put away in prison on false charges of treason to keep him from his lady love.<br />  Years later, Edmond escapes from his prison, with a little help from a friend he met inside, and quite a bit of money, revenge fresh in his mind.<br />  I will not give away the ending to this great story, but I will say it makes a great movie and I highly recommend everyone watch it.
I wrote a review for this DVD, but it never got posted for some reason.  I gave it one star because I was under the impression that this was going to be released in FULLSCREEN only.  At least, that's what was listed on this page.  But now, I look on this page and it says WIDESCREEN format.  YES!  PHEW!  Okay, now I WILL buy this movie, because  it is an excellent one.  And looking at the special features listed, the DVD itself looks promising.<p>I will most likely write another review once I get the DVD and am able to explore the special features.  Just wanted to say how glad I am to find out that the whole FULLSCREEN situation was a terrible mix up.  I just hope that THIS isn't another typo.
I thought the movie was great, but if you decide that you love the book above all things, don't see the movie. I saw the movie before I read the book, and I really enjoy them as seperate things. The movie itself was fantastic and I really didn't find myself sitting there saying "This is so stupid, I can't believe I paid [how much?]to see this" or "that could NEVER happen". And Guy Pearce is the greatest.
"The Count of Monte Cristo" is a lavish adaptation of the 1845 Alexander Dumas novel. The film stars Jim Caviezel as Dantes, a sailor framed for treason by his supposed best friend, Fernand (Guy Pearce). But why would anyone frame his best friend for treason? Well, poverty stricken Dantes has something rich and powerful Fernand does not; love. Fernand wants Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk); Dantes true love, for himself. Thus, Fernand concocts an evil setup, framing Dantes for treason. Dantes is then imprisoned on the cruel island prison of Chateau D'lf for 13 years, where he transforms from a lighthearted sailor to a bitter and angry man. While at Chateau D'lf, he plots revenge against those who betrayed him.<p>Richard Harris also puts forth a quality performance as Abb&eacute; Faria, another innocent prisoner. With the help of this strange old man, Dantes escapes the island and transforms himself into the wealthy Count of Monte Cristo after following an old treasure map to a load of treasure on the island of Monte Cristo (thus the "Count of Monte Cristo). Becoming rich and powerful is the first step in Dantes revenge.<p>"The Count of Monte Cristo" is such an enjoyable film mainly because of the sweet satisfaction involved in watching Dantes execute his revenge on Fernand. Revenge is always an exciting thing to watch! The audience is able to identify with Dantes and sympathize with him. You may even find yourself becoming as obsessed over exacting revenge as Dantes! My point is; you are really drawn into the story, more so that any film in recent memory.<p>"The Count of Monte Cristo" brings in some intriguing aspects of Dantes personality about midway through the film. When Dantes returns as The Count of Monte Cristo, he sees that he could have a perfect life if he wanted to. His love, Mercedes, still wants to be with him and he now has all the money he could ever need. Yet Dantes pushes it all away. He must complete his revenge. It has now become clear that Dantes has become obsessed and can no longer look at the world in a rational way. It's really quite painful to see what Dantes has become.<p>"The Count of Monte Cristo" boasts an intelligent screenplay, lavish sets and costumes, breathtaking cinematography, superb action sequences, beautiful music, superb directing and stellar acting.
Classics remain beloved for hundreds of years because they are wonderfully crafted and contain universal truths that still speak to us. The director and producer of this condescending adaptation of Dumas' classic story must feel that the modern American audience doesn't have the intelligence to appreciate great classic works.<br /><br />Oh, the basic story line is there--man is wronged, man goes to prison, man escapes, man finds treasure, man seeks revenge. But that is where the homage to this great work ends and the often ridiculous changes are made. I know that it is cliche to say that the movie is not as good as the book. In this case, however, I can't believe they actually had the audacity to call the movie by the same name as the classic novel which it so minimally follows.<br /><br />One can excuse some adaptations of a novel when produced as a screenplay, but the changes made in this case lose all the beauty and terrible power of the original story. Instead of a wonderful slow burn with a lot of atmosphere as Dantes slowly and painstakingly weaves a web of revenge for the wrongs done to him, we have stupid devices like a flamboyant entry in a hot air balloon, complete with Cirque du Soleil acrobats twisting on the ropes. Instead of an intricate plan to destroy the personages who wronged him, we have swashbuckling sword fights every few scenes.<br /><br />Some major characters are missing completely (such as Valentine) some have been shamelessly changed and substituted (Jacopo for Ali). The final plot device is totally contrived and NOT in the book--we find out that Dantes has a son sired on Mercedes before he was arrested. I guess the screenwriters felt they had to put some sex in the story or no one would like it.<br /><br />I awaited this production eagerly; having now seen it I feel disgusted and insulted.  If you want to see an intelligent production of the Count of Monte Cristo, avoid this movie like the Black Death. It would be better to lock the DVD in the Chateau D'If. If you haven't read the book, you may enjoy it, since you won't be dissapointed by what is lacking. It does have good scenery and filming, although some of the acting is terrible (Jacopo especially).<br /><br />To the director and producers: for shame. Nearly everything about this movie was wrong, wrong, wrong. Give the American audience some credit for pity's sake. We can appreciate great works just as they are.
This movie is excellent as a movie. As far as following the book not so. However let's be honest: If this movie were to be faithful to the book, it would be 100 hours long! There are over 200 characters in the book, and several sub-plots that are unable to be adapted to cinema accurately. If one is a purist, don't watch movies based on books! You will always be disapointed. The job of someone adapting a book for Cinema, is not necessarily to reproduce the book in exact detail (which in most cases is impossible unless its a tv miniseries that can run all week). It is to reproduce the essence of the story, and find those things which will make for the best film. That's tough when you are constrained to 2-3 hours of film.<br /><br />The Count of Monte Christo presents the essence of Dumas' story, a man betrayed by his best friend, learning the skills to survive in prison from a priest, also unjustly imprisoned, and returns to exact his revenge, and in the process, he learns that revenge is not worth it. The acting, costume, music, cinematagraphy and sword play is second to none, and the movie is quite entertaining.<br /><br />The only problem I had was that they spend a lot of time building up God, and religion and morals, then present fornication and adultery in a positive light because Dantes and Mercedes "Loved each other", which as a Christian I had a problem with. Maybe that doesn't bother the non-religious viewer, but it presents a contradiction to me that is at best difficult to reconcile and at worst ruins the moral impact of the movie.
I was blown away by the incredible adaptation of a familiar tale.  Jim Caveziel was hauntingly sensitive, only to turn fearfully vengeful.  His nemesis, and former best friend, Guy Pearce, hinted at a carefully concealed malice before indulging in a fearsome betrayal.  Everything in this film works. The sword play in this Alexandre Dumas swashbuckler is awesome.  The sets, the costumes, all combine to seduce the viewer.  Furthermore, the DVD extras are excellent, both informative and entertaining.  I can remember Richard Chamberlain's Count from the 70's, I believe, and I did not expect to ever see a better one.  But I was wrong.  This film is better.  A definite must-see,which I somehow missed when it was released.
I agree that it may be necessary to change parts of a story to make the 2 hour limit common to most movies.  I think that the ending (without giving it away, if you care) goes counter to the vengence theme Mr. Dumas was weaving.  So as to who the Count winds up with may be an issue of what is acceptable to the movie industry racially, and it may just be a simpleminded simplification.  If you've never read the book, read it.  It is melodramatic.  The ending in it makes more sense than the end of this movie.<br />As an aside, I think that Mel Gibson must have seen this movie and settled on Mr. Caviezel as the lead after seeing his portrayal of the imprisoned Edmond Dantes.  He is whipped 3 times in the movie and is made up to look astonishingly like the Jesus he portrayed in Gibson's movie.  Looks like he is being type cast.
I recently watched this show at the movie theater that gets all the movies later and charges [a cheaper rate] to watch them.  Well, because of that, I just recently saw this movie.  In fact, I saw it the day before I watched Star Wars Episode II, and a bit after seeing Harry Potter, and Spiderman.  Well, of all these films, The Count of Monte Cristo was the best!  Funny how my original expectations kept me from watching it as a new release...  Highly recommended!
For all its production values and sweep this version of THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO remains insipid. The characters are thumbnail sketches, which lack all the depth necessary to convey the true meaning of this story. There is no sense of revenge, lost love or even enlightenment of revealed secrets. Instead of really feeling sympathy for the wronged Edmund Dantes you may actually feel disdain for his naivete. Richard Harris brings some life and period humor as Dantes' mentor and prison mate. This portion of the film is very good being well developed and structured. However, when Dantes escapes and returns as the Count it seems like the rest of the film got compressed to fit it into a pre-determined time slot.
i would just like to say wake up it is a movie. even though it does not go along with the book it is still a good one.  who cares about it matching the book. alot of movies don't match the book. and movies that match the book are not exciting any way you already know what is going to happen yea!!! if you know already why do you need to see a movie about it. get over yourselves.  i personally think that this movie had a great ending and not to mention some really hot guys.  watch a movie to watch a new good movie not to watch a redo of an old book.
After seeing "The Lord of the Rings" 4 times in the theater I saw a preview and thought I would go see this one.  First let me say that this is a wonderful movie!  At first I thought it started out a little slow, but then after a little it sped up and was a 'can't take your eyes off the screen' type of movie.  However, I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I was expecting more action-as in swordplaying.  Well actually I was expecting another "Mask of Zorro" movie(Antonio Banderas).  That was the first movie that came to my head while waiting to see "The Count of Monte Cristo".  But I suppose they wanted to make it for a variety of audiences instead of just for the action movie type of people.  I think that they did a very good job.  Like someone earlier said, this movie works on all levels.  This movie is perfect for anyone.  But seeing that I have never read the book I obviously don't have an opinion on what it looks like to them.  But for those of you who don't know the plot line it is very unpredictable and exciting and worth seeing.
While this maybe an entertainig movie for the ones who have not read the book, it is an abomination for those of us who cherish one of the world's greatest classics.  It is like Romeo and Juliette getting married and live happily ever after.  There are indeed beautiful scenes, good acting and an appealing story the movie is not really reflecting the book.  I was thoroughly disgusted walking out of the theater. I would very highly recommend the 1974 version with Richard Chaimberlain as a much better film
The Count of Monte Cristo is probably one of my favorite books. Its numerous, but inter-connected plot lines are filled with suspense, romance, and "you know you had it coming" revenge. The movie adaptation of this novel was awful. Except for the title, character names, and a few other details, there is nothing in the movie that resembles the original. The movie only focuses on the struggle and revenge of Edmound Dantes, which turns out to be a watered down version of the book's. No amount of fight scenes would have saved this movie. Plus, the ending is completely different!!!!<br /><br />I would only recommend this movie if you plan to NEVER read the book. If you have read The Count of Monte Cristo, DO NOT SEE THE MOVIE! It will only disappoint you. Like it did me.
If you read and loved the book, then most likely this movie isn't for you.  The only similarities between the two being Dantes imprisonment and escape.  I have yet to see a movie version of the Count of Monte Cristo that gets the story right, the closest being the 1975 Richard Chamberlain version, but even that one had it's flaws.  A summery of this movie would be Edmond Dantes' life is ruined by his greedy friend, but after tweleve years in prison, Dantes comes back, gets his vengence, and Mercedes and his life goes back to how it was twelve years ago.  The book is so much deeper, and this unrealistic fairy tale ending makes the whole movie feel flat.
I have used the DVD &quot;The Counte Of Monte Cristo&quot; in religion class to give the teenage students a deeper understanding about 'Sins' and 'Virtues'.<br />The character of Fernand Mondego is an example of a sinful man who is filled with: pride, envy, gluttony, lust, anger, greed and sloth.  On the 'virtuous' side is the character 'Edmond Dantes' he displays the virtues of: humility, kindness, abstinence, chastity, patience, liberality and diligence.<br />The movie poses some great topics for the students to dialogue over and they are excited to discuss it in class.  I would however, show this movie in short segments of 30 minutes.  There is plenty of material to keep your class in discussions for several weeks.
This is a great if somewhat inaccurate rendition of the book by Alexander Dumas. The disc arrived in the condition described and very quickly. I am happy.
This was a gift to my boss. A favorite movie but he & his spouse could not find their copy. They would reach for the movie & find an empty case. Ever happen to you? They were both thrilled to get the video. I was happy that it came perfectly on time for the Christmas holiday.
I love, love, love this movie!  The acting is superb, especially the relationship between Edmond and the priest.  This movie has it all - romance, friendship, family, betrayal, murder, prison, escape, love, poverty, wealth, etc.  I've watched this at least 20 times and will watch it again someday soon.
I'll start off by saying that the book is one of my all-time favorites and is well worth the read.  But don't expect the movie to exactly copy the book.  The book contains far too much detail and plot turns to allow it all into a movie that could be viewed in one sitting, so why even bother to try?<br /><br />The movie starts with the same premise as the book, it veers off into a new and refreshing direction.  While it retains the same flavor, it differs in many of the details.  The result is a wonderful story, optimized for the screen, that keeps those who know the story well very entertained and not quite sure what's coming next.<br /><br />Jim Caviezel's performance in this movie is excellence in acting.  He displays the misery and agony well when needed, then moves onto a focused, calculated and emotionally-repressed Count.  Excellent acting in one of the most difficult roles imaginable - right up his alley.<br /><br />Luis Guzman's Jacapo makes the movie.  The role of the character in the movie does an excellent job of helping to "explain" the Count efficiently.  Nearly each line that comes from Guzman's mouth is memorable - the quality of his performance alone would have overwhelmed many lesser movies.<br /><br />The action, effects, score and other items that you'd expect from Hollywood are all there - in sufficient quantity without overwhelming the viewer.  It definitely should have swept the awards in 2002!!
This is a beautifully done rendition of the<br />classic. This screen adaptation is better I think than the novel. The screen version has a more cohesive plot and it has a happier ending.  It is a great family movie despite the sword fights and other intense scenes of violence. There is a lot of humor and romance but there are serious lessons taught as well without being preachy. My children range from age 10 to 17 and they all love it and quote from it all the time. This recent purchase was a gift. We have gifted several copies. It is one of our favorite movies.
This film has the eye candy of it's era along with the "easy on the eyes" Jim Caviezel! This man can not only act but wow can he reach down into your very being to touch you with his roles. I saw him in the movies; Frequency and Angel Eyes before this and he just keeps getting better!! He is a ladies heart throb and man's man all rolled into one. My husband took me to see this and also found this film to be a truly entertaining film from a man's point of view.
This version of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00006ADFM">The Count of Monte Cristo</a> is pretty decent, for a Hollywoodized version of the classic novel. If you haven't read the novel, it's pretty exciting and keeps some of the novel's drama and suspense. James Caviezel and Guy Pearce both do great jobs portraying Counts Monte Cristo and Mondego. Some of the dialogue seems forced, especially when compared to the intricacy of the novel. This Hollywood version also has a lot more fight scenes to appeal to American audiences.<br /><br />However, I think the Gerard Depardieu <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BFJM26">The Count of Monte Cristo</a> is much better. First of all, it's much longer (400 minutes), which allows the revenge plot to really thicken. Second, the Depardieu version stays more faithful to the novel. If you really want to watch a film adaptation of the novel, and have the time for it, I recommend the Depardieu instead of this one.
Great Sale, however it was not in very good condition bc there was writing on the DVD.
item ordered was in excellent condition and sent within time specified.<br /><br />Very satisfied
Unfortunately I have read the 1400 page novel and seen the movie versions starring robert donat and gerard depardieu.  hence this version is a trivial adventure flick, with nothing at all of the magic of the classic.<br /><br />this might serve as an entertaining movie to a modern viewer with no idea what the real novel has to offer.  this is less faithful, hence less sophisticated, even than the classic comic book version.
A timeless masterpiece! A great story with terrific actors, brilliant dialogue in a beautiful location. Both Dantes (Jim Caviezel) as well as his evil friend, Mondego (Guy Pearce) were outstanding. Also the close relationship between Dantes and the Priest (Richard Harris) so touching. And who could forget Jacopo (Luis Guzman)?! Everyone I have shown this film to  (young to old) love it. You will not be disappointed!
The original story by Dumas is a timeless classic. For me this film is not a great adaptation. Much of the film occurs in "Dark-o-Vision"...using only natural light or candlelight. Perhaps more realistic, but frustrating for lack of details to savor, and confusion during several action sequences. There are several outdoor scenes that have radical changes in lighting. The end duel occurs in bright sunny daylight and dark cloudy weather, all in a matter of minutes. The lead character just doesn't seem to have the from the gut passion he should have. Actually the leads are just quick sketches, and not allowed enough  time to become more than just puppets.I think too much precious screen time in spent in the set-up. This time should have been better spent in the social/educational/fighting re-awakening prison training sceens, especially when you have such an interesting and fascinating actor such as Richard Harris as the instructor. The delicious machinations of revenge, and the crushing realisation when the original betrayers are destroyed are not here, to be enjoyed by us or the protagonist. When he finally during his escape "gets even" with the whip wielding warden it is confusing and not satisfying for us the audience. Yes, revenge is wrong, and that message is reached at the conclusion...but it is a major audience pleaser, "the money shot" and shouldn't be glossed over, nor ultimately condoned. The swordfights were well choreographed, but filmed in a confusing manner, and without pace. For me the only part that reached wonder was when the Count first appears, in the balloon. But even that scene is quickly ended on a flat note. This is where the storey should start to reach an exiting level, allowing us and him to revel in his new rich and glamorous lifestyle, but always with the anger simmering underneath. There is some great location photography. Wonderful costumes. Good effort, but does not do the Dumas story justice. This is just my opinion, and does not mean any more or less than any one else's.
The movie came in quicker than I expected and I am very pleased with the results
Best movies I have purchased.... betrayal, deception and the power of love.... wow worth the cost ***********
Cool action movie.  The ultimate revenge.  After wrongly suffering 11 years imprisoned, Caveziel plans retribution for his alledged best friend whose jealousy forces him too far.  Some elements are unbelievable...an old priest teaching sword fighting, a lucky treasure map leading to abundant riches, everything falling into place perfectly, but who cares...it was a lot of fun and great to see the count win out over his jealous nemesis.
An excellent movie. Exceptional performances by entire cast especially Caviezel and Richard Harris. Intriging and moving. Have watched it several times.
I owned this DVD from the time it came out, but finally just got around to watching it. I was interested to see more films with James Caviezel after watching &quot;THE PASSION&quot;. I am go glad to have finally taken the time to see it. The DVD was great and this is definitely one that I'm glad to have in my very extensive collection!!! If you haven't taken the time to see this before now, then by ALL means, do so! You will not regret it, and I guanrantee the time will fly!!
Edmond Dantes (James Caviezel) had the perfect life: Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk), a beautiful woman who adored him, a rising career at the shipyards where he was just promoted to first mate, Fernand Mondego (Guy Pearce), his loyal best friend, and who knows what other blessings on the horizon.  Until it was all taken from him.  A chance meeting with the exiled Napoleon (Alex Norton) placed him under suspicion of treason.  However, J.F. Villefort (James Frain), the local head politician, believes Dantes is innocent.  It appears that Dantes will be able to put this whole nightmare behind him, until Villefort discovers that the message Napoleon gave him was intended for his father.  Desperate to hide his father's loyalty to Napoleon and to keep his political career going, Villefort sends Dantes to the Chateau d'If, a prison where people are sent to be forgotten.<p>Dantes spends 13 years in a small cell, left alone except for a yearly visit from the sadistic warden until a fellow inmate suddenly tunneled up through his floor.  Abbe Faria (Richard Harris) had spent most of his life in d'If and had created an escape plan.  He was digging a tunnel to the outside, but went the wrong way and ended up in Dantes' cell.  As Dantes became friends with Faria, Faria became a mentor to him and taught him how to fight with a sword, how to read, and how to figure out what happened to put him in that awful place.  Faria not only gave him hope, he gave him freedom and wealth beyond his wildest dreams...<p>Dantes recreated himself as The Count of Monte Cristo and set out to get his revenge on all those who betrayed him and ruined his life.  First on his list was Fernand, his supposedly loyal friend, who turned him over to the police and married Mercedes.  Then there was Villefort, who imprisoned a man he knew was innocent so he could keep his political career.  There was also Mercedes, the woman he thought loved him, who married Fernand a few months after Dantes disappeared into d'If.  Through careful planning and evaluation of his enemies' weaknesses, the Count of Monte Cristo was able to wreak his revenge...but at what cost?<p>This movie was quite entertaining and had some things added in to the original story to make it more appealing to movie-goers, which didn't bother me, but it was missing so much of the suspense and mind games that the count played in the book.  In the book, the majority of the plot is the count carefully destroying his victims one by one without anyone ever knowing that he had a hand in their demise or guessing who he was, but in the movie, it was all over so quickly that his enemies barely had time to suffer.  Still, the actors were well cast and the scenery was beautiful.  The director did a very nice job at dusting this book off and giving it a bit of a new spin and making it appeal to the masses.  I just hope that the movie will inspire people to go and read the book, as it is one of Dumas' best.
From the producers of RUSH HOUR and the director of WATERWORLD comes this handsomely filmed adaptation of the Alexandre Dumas novel.<br />Edmond Dantes (Jim Caviezel) is betrayed by his friend Fernand Guy Pearce)and wrongfully imprisoned. While locked up he is educated and instructed in swordsmanship by an elderly man (Richard Harris) in the neighboring cell. Soon Dantes hatches an escape plan and sets off to exact revenge on his former friend. Dantes transforms himself into the mysterious nobleman, The Count Of Monte Cristo in order to get closer to Fernand and win his trust, thus setting his plot in motion.<br />COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO is an entertaining movie, though the first 20 minutes are a bit of a bore. Pearce and Cavizel are good and the fight sequences are well done; but the pace is a bit stodgy in parts and may try the viewers patience. It's also not that faithful to the book, but this is a Hollywood movie. The people who give these movies the green light have probably never read a full length novel in their lives. It's all about the $BOX OFFICE RETURN$!$. That said, this is still far superior to previous Dumas films 1993's THREE MUSKETEERS; and 2001's inexplicably bad THE MUSKETEER and a decent way to kill a couple of hours.<br />Extras include Director's commentary, deleted scenes, dailies comparisons and an interesting feature where the viewer can play a selected scene from the movie and watch it with the dialogue, foley or music tracks playing separately.
This would be a great film to watch on a date. There is revenge. There is unending love. Sword fighting. Secrecy. Treasure.<p>Edwourd returns 13 years after being wrongfully imprisoned for treason in the horrific Chateau D'if prison. Armed with the education he has learned from an imprisoned priest (Richard Harris)and the treasure he has given him he returns to bring vengeance against those that imprisoned him. His deception is masterful.<p>Look for a hidden message as well.
I would say that the movie was good, but after reading the book does no justice to the Real Character of Edmond Dantes.<br /><br />By all means watch the movie!The acting for one is BRILLIANT. IT is Good as I said .. but I could not help noticing that it missed the point of the many important Characters and historical points that Alexander Dumas in the book covered.<br /><br />I only comment as I felt the book better and the movie seemed to bend and cut and paste people and events described in the book to make almost a mokery of the clear moral ground Dumas stood on in the area of Revenge and Providence.<br /><br />Makes interesting food for thought. READ the Book first. Do the story Justice Hollywood and tell it how it is. :-)<br /><br />GS.
Just watched a screening of Count of Monte Cristo and I thought it was an excellent movie! It had all the ingredients--suspense, action and romance! The acting was quite good too, especially Jim Caviezel, who played the Count of Monte Cristo. It was very entertaining at all levels.  I actually felt that I would pay to watch the movie again at the theatres.  It was fast paced and not slow going at all.<p>Jim Caviezel was just excellent in the role of Edmond Dantes (Count of Monte Cristo).  I myself could not image another person playing him.  Guy Pearce was a formidable villian.  Henry Caville was excellent as the son of Fernand, Albert, as was Dagmara Dominiczyk, who played Mercedes, the finance of Dantes.  The scenary was breathtaking and Caviezel's grand entrance was one of the best parts of the movie, next to his days at the Chateau d'If. <p>Go watch this movie!!!!!!! Then, read the book after, even though there will be differences, the movie holds on its own, as will the novel.
Alexandre Dumas was a fantastic author.  The novel he wrote of The Count of Monte Cristo is gripping and fantastic.  I have read this book several times and it is exciting each time.  The movie unexpectedly changes the book's intent from the point of the Count arriving in Paris.  The changes are not necessary to meet time constraints and change the entire persona of the count.  Yet another example of Hollywood screwing up great literature.<br /><br />Films can be made that adhere to the intent of great literature while making needed changes -- the Lord of the Rings movies are all great examples of this.
I will first adress the book then move on to the movie.<br /><br />For anyone who has read this book, and i mean the 1462 page book, which is the longest book i have ever read, you would find it much different than the movie. For better or for worse?<br /><br />The MOVIE has a better STORY in my opinion. Why? Because they improved on the faults of Dumas's since he couldnt finish this book. After reading around 1100 pages and nearing the end, i started to see the book i found so great, start to fade into something just "good". Could it be to Dumas tiring of writing the book? or a demand for an ending, which thus rushed the ending into something flat and not as great as 3/4 of the book was.<br /><br />If you have the read the unabridged book as i have, you may have been disapointed to find that Characters like Franz and Albert had no real ending stories, whereas Maximilian ends the story and for god knows what reason, Dumas spent so many wasted pages about Franz.<br /><br />To spend so much time and effort, dumas fell short. If he had added another 3-4 chapters near the end, he could of made the story "Great". (whats another 3-4 chapters to you when its 117 chapters...) Instead he wasted too much time on meaningless pages half way through the book and gives hints about albert being his son but never clarifies it. The ending with Mercedez was rather weak and short (in the book) and so was it with haydee. Not impressed... since a book doesnt need so many pages to make it a great one. Too many Books i prefer over this one.<br /><br />Now...<br /><br />The MOVIE, Count of Monte Cristo, excels where the book could not. It gives a better "story" overall. It takes all the good parts of the book and compacts it into a couple well good watched hours. Though i do say "hollywood" exagerates the prison part of Dantes being whipped, where in the book he is well treated. But thats showbiz for ya. The movie has a better ending in my opinion. It is sad but uplifting, whereas in the book it is sad, sad, sad, like a shakespeare book. ;(<br /><br />I dont think this Movie gets as much appreciation as it should. The movie is well adapted from the book, unlike so many "book to movie" films.<br /><br />To anyone who has read the entire book and seen this movie and thinks the movie was bad, but the book was good.... You should try and take sometime to appreciate how hard it is to take a book that is 1400 pages long and put it into a 2 hour movie. Love to see you try and make a better movie.<br /><br />So i will conclude that altough the book was good, the movie was better and Dumas would have been thrilled to know such a good interpertation was put out for the masses to watch, since few have the patience to read the entire book. If you have not seen this movie but have heard of the story before, i would recommend you see this as it is one of the greatest adventure stories of all time.
The Counte of Monte Cristo was extrodinary.  It is my favorite movie and some of you may wonder why I gave it four stars.  If you've ever read the book then you probably know why.  If your going to make a movie based on a book then you need to follow the book your writing it after more closely.  The movie was directed awesome and the acting was incredible.  The majority of the movie did follow the book but one of my favorite parts of the book was how Counte of Monte Cristo took nearly 20 years to spy on his oppenents and lure them into his trap.  Time is something you can't simly skip over when making a movie.  Many directors do this and in the movie Troy the same issue occured.  What made the book excell over the movie was simply that it took him so much time (more than a month or whatever).  Other than this the movie excelled in every area possible.  I could not give it any less than four stars because the only thing that needed correcting was the time frame.  If you've never seen this movie then make it a priority, it is awesome.  For those who love the movie and would be angry for me having given it four starst, please read the book and you'll see why.  A must see movie and a must read book.
This is one of my all time favorite movies. No, I have not read the book yet, but, luckily, that means I can appriciate the movie for what it is, rather than what it is not. This movie was highly entertaining. It has action, drama, supense, romance, and comedy. The acting was very well done (Brownie Points for having Luis Guzman?, Richard Harris, and the Guy with the really awesome voice) and the visuals were spectacular.
Whether you like this film or not will depend heavily on whether you have read the book and whether you believe that films based on books should follow the original text as closely as possible (for example, Lord of the Rings).<br /><br />In this particular case, the film varies greatly from the book in both detail and tone.  The overriding theme in the Dumas book is one of redemption and forgiveness; the theme of the film is primarily one of revenge.  As a result, major details in the book (who is Albert's father?  Who is Mercedes' husband at the end of the story?) are changed to keep the narrative more focused on the theme of the film.<br /><br />However, if you are willing to look at the film as a work independent of the original text, you will find an excellent piece of cinema.  Although changed from the dense Dumas novel, the story is compelling and well-written.  The overall tone of the film is dark, though enough bits of comic relief are woven in to keep the story from being overly depressing, especially early on.  Even in places where the film is basically consistent with the novel, the writers have made smart choices, for example by showing the action on Elba instead of having it all be retold in conversations (as in the book).<br /><br />The cast is uniformly superb, including on of Richard Harris' last films as the Priest and Jim Caviezal playing yet another Christ-character in Edmond.  Guy Pearce, who was evidently offered Edmond but decided he would rather play the villian, plays Count Mondego with an ever-so-slight bit of guilt, though this does not affect the crowd-pleasing ending of the film.  My favorate performance, however, is J.B. Blanc as smuggler Luigi Vampa.  Blanc shows the kind of raw charisma that you would expect if Will Smith had played the role instead.<br /><br />The DVD has several special features, not of which are spectacular.  The director commentary is above average and will provide you with some interesting additional tidbits about why the film was shot as it was.  Or where it was, for that matter, such as the pieces shot at the Presidential Palace in Malta.  That said, I am still trying to find the airplane that the commentary says is visible during the climactic fight scene.<br /><br />Overall the film is visually interesting and should be seen on as big a screen as you can get; the camera's scope in capturing the harbor at Marsailles or Edmond's voyage to the Island of Monte Cristo is fantastic and will make this worthty of a big screen.  At the same time, the scenes inside the prison are shot in almost all grays and gives a cramped and depressing feel to the life Edmond lives there.  By the time he escapes you may not realize that you essentially have not seen color in 30 minutes.<br /><br />Overall this is an excellent film despite the departures from the book.  if you come into the film with an open mind you will enjoy one of the more under-rated films to come out in the last 10 years.
This 2002 film brings the classic novel by Alexandre Dumas to the screen with a swashbuckling intensity that starts at the beginning and never lets up.  It's set in France at the beginning of the 19th Century and tells the tale of a young man, falsely imprisoned because of his friend's betrayal, who escapes and eventually has his revenge.  Of course it's more complicated than that.  There are ups and downs and twists of fate.  There is swordplay and hidden treasures and pirates and secrets unfolded.  And it's all wrapped up in a package that swept me up in the story and held me captive till the end.<p>Jim Caviezel plays Edmond Dantes who has the misfortune to have Fernand Mondego, played by Guy Pearce, as a friend.  When Dantes is betrayed, he is sentenced to an unlimited amount of time in a terrible prison where he lives in solitary confinement and gets whipped once a year.  The years pass, his clothes grow ragged, his hair grows longer and his despondency increases.  Then, one day, another prisoner, Abbe Faria, played by Richard Harris, tunnels his way into Dantes' room.  Abbe Faria is old, but he has hope.  And together they plan their escape.  All they have to do is spend the next eight years digging another tunnel.  In the meantime, Faria teaches his young prot&eacute;g&eacute; to read and write.  He also teaches him to use a sword.  Eventually, as they make their escape, the old man dies, but not before he gives Dantes a map to hidden treasure.<p>The story now takes a different turn because the treasure that is found allows Dantes to become The Count of Monte Cristo, return to his home town and exact revenge on Fernand Mondego, who is now married to Mercedes, played by Dagmara Dominczyk, who was once Dantes' sweetheart. <p>The acting was excellent, the cinematography outstanding and the story wonderful.  And, because I saw it on DVD, the extras made the experience of watching this film even better.  There's a short history of Alexandre Dumas, who was of Caribbean heritage and one of the most prolific authors of his time.  There's a interview with the screenwriter who talked about the difficulty of adapting this classic and explained exactly why he made certain changes in the story. There's a section that shows the actors learning the art of fencing.  And a section that shows how the sets were built.  These extras were like icing on a cake and certainly enhanced the experience of the film.<p>I loved it.  And highly recommend it.  Especially the DVD version.
Sadly to say, this film is a barebone, cheesy adaption of Duma's original epic.  The original novel was excellent, it had taken the Count of Cristo decades to plot and carry out his revenge bit by bit.  It was sweet revenge at its ultimate; his enemies were slowly tourmented in a cat & mouse sort of game.  However in this movie, events fly by so fast that the entire story seems to happen over night.  Most key characters were either deleted or under developed, and large chucks of the main story lines were cutted.  These two reasons had made the Count's revenge very unsatisfying, as such it's my opinion that they had ruined a great story.
The '02 release of `The Count of Monte Cristo' boasts a superb cast and lavish settings in an outstanding retelling of this classic story of romance and revenge.<br /><br />James Caviezel is perfect as the outwardly stately and poised Count. However his appearance is but a mask to disguise the torment of a man imprisoned and beaten for 13 years. His only desire now is for revenge against his once best friend Fernand Mondego (Guy Pearce) who betrayed him and stole his love, the enchanting Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk).<br /><br />A classic tale that can be enjoyed again and again!
I acquired this movie because my son loves movies with the three things that make a movie great.  1.  swords,  2.  lots of sword fights and 3.  no long boring sections that he has to fast forward through.  He would give this 1 star.  <p>But I loved this movie and have never read the book.  Everything worked for me.  I even found the "long Boring part" in prison to be interesting, thanks to "the priest".<p>So if you don't know it already, get the PRINCESS BRIDE for your son or daughter (because they won't "fast forward" through it) and get THE COUNT for yourself.
I LOVE this movie!!!  I read the book before watching the movie, (which by the way, you have to read the book it's awesome) I was disappointed it didn't keep to the book, but I understand if it did, it would be much longer.  Many "mini-plots" were kept out, and it was simply Dantes' revenge.  I must admit it was a very good movie.  I simply loved the balloon entrance, and I must say, I would love to have a robe like him, which I must also say, was a good choice of costume.  That is all I have to say, except SEE THIS MOVIE!!!
If you don't want to blow yet another 4 dollars on a really bad movie, rent Count. It's a fun and irreverent retelling of the popular tale, with James Caviezel doing a great job of going from a wide eyed innocent to an 18th century version of a P. Diddy-player with a vendetta. Pearce is also great as the resident villain who struts around like an ever preening peacock(check out his overly curled bangs too-hilarious). This is just a fun movie that understood how to modernize this tale while simultaneously keeping it's more universally appealing elements....
Wow, it looks like I'm not the ONLY one who managed to grab a sneak preview of this movie! Fortunately, I got to see this flick for free. And I snuck in my own concessions, too! After all, you don't think I'm gonna actually pay the theater twice as much for a box of Milk Duds as I would if I hit the Seven-Eleven across the street, do you? Hell, no! So I just put on that jacket that has those deep inside pockets, and load up on the finger grub! Heck, there's even room for a big-slam soda in there! And let's not forget-- hey wait a minute, I'm gettin' off the track here. Where was I...? Oh, yes, I'm reviewing the new `Count of Monte Cristo' movie. Anyway, here's my two cents...<p>I've always been a big fan of literature and/or movies about people getting back at those who'd done `em wrong. You know, the "revenge is a dish best served cold" and all that (and no, that is NOT a Klingon proverb, despite what some of you Trekkies out there have been led to believe!). And let's face it, what classic tale of vengeance is more notable than `The Count of Monte Cristo'? Well, perhaps that one episode of `MacGyver'. You know, the one where he fashions a smoke bomb out of his tennis shoes and a swatch of cotton from his t-shirt? Remember that one?<p>Whoops, I'm doin' it again. Time to get back to the subject at hand. The movie does diverge significantly from the original novel, which is to be expected. After all, there's no possible way one could fit such a long-running tome into a two-hour space without some liberties being taken! And besides, I find it an enjoyable diversion picking out the differences between the original literature and its film adaptation. For me, looking for the changes is all part of the fun! And there's quite a few diffs here. I won't go into `em, however; you're gonna hafta find out on your own!<p>The movie is somewhat formulaic, borrowing a good deal of the style and look from other swashbuckling adventures of yore. You know, a little Errol Flynn, a dash of `Cyrano DeBergerac'-style wit, and a nice touch of somewhat-sappy and ever-so-slightly risque romance. There's some violence, but none of it is too gratuitous. A couple of guys getting run through with foils and a few others cut down with single-shot flintlock pistols is about the worst of it, and even then very little blood is shown. There's also some wonderful moments of humor, especially during our dear counts' moments of vengeance-wreaking. His last words to de Villefort as he's being hauled off to the clink is a priceless moment, and had the whole theater laughing and cheering. And a few light scenes between him and his pirate buddy/man-servant Jacopo also had nice touches of humor to them. <p>Even though most of the actors aren't all that well-known (except for Richard Harris, fresh off of his `Harry Potter' gig, playing Dantes' cell neighbor / tutor here), most of them- especially the leads, Dantes/Monte Cristo (James Caviezel) and his former friend Mondego (Guy Pearce)- manage to play their parts quite well. You start to feel for Dantes as he endures his thirteen years in the dungeon, and feel the anger as he begins to lay down his blueprints for revenge. And Mondego develops into the kinda jealous, smug, and insufferable cur that one just loves to hate. And as one might expect, our two antagonists square off to the death in the climactic final confrontation! Who will prevail, you ask? Well, you're just gonna have to see for yourself...<p>`Late
Like the previous reviewer, I too was fortunate enough to catch this last Tuesday at a sneak preview in NY.  This was simply magnificent in every possible way. The acting, script, cinematography were stunning.  I just want to say something:  Todays moviegoers want mass market drivel.  This is art.  But at the same time it's an exciting, action-packed, plot AND character driven story during which any viewer with a heart and a soul will be on the edge of his or her seat.  JIM CAVAZIEL, if there is justice in this world, will become a HUGE A-list leading man as a result of his BRILLIANT performance. No other actor out there could have played the Count in this movie; he was made for this, his role of a lifetime, and he deserves an OSCAR FOR IT.  Guy Pearce, so sexy and sympathetic in his previous roles, is so believable as a villain in this movie, that one walks out of the theatre despising his fictional self - sorry Guy this just means that you are a GREAT ACTOR - and big things are waiting for him as well - all actors in this movie are extremely talented and are irreplaceable.<br />PLEASE GO SEE THIS MOVIE, ONE AND ALL - ITS OSCAR CALIBER,CLASSIC STUFF**DO NOT BE DISCONCERTED BY THE FACT THAT YOU MAY ALREADY KNOW THE STORY - IT'S A NEW, MODERN, ORIGINAL TWIST - IT'S EVEN GOT SOME COMEDY - A MUST - SEE!!!!!AND I'VE SEEN EM ALL........I WILL PAY TO SEE IT AGAIN.  AS ABOVE, AN AUDIENCE FULL OF MANY JADED PROFESSIONAL MOVIE CRITICS GAVE IT A STANDING OVATION AT CLOSING CREDITS...
I had just finished reading the book and decided I'd like see how it was adapted to the big screen.  This version was the worst adaptation I've seen of a book made into a movie.  As I watched the film I wondered if the makers of the movie even bothered to read the book.  My girlfriend kept asking me during the film if "that happened in the book?"  At the end of the movie I told her that basically everything in the movie was not how it occurred in the book.  She enjoyed the movie until the end when it was like a "cheesy 80's montage".<br /><br />The book is wonderful.  When I finished reading it, I felt like I had lost a good friend-I wished I could just keep reading it and reading it.  I've never read such an excellent novel.
Probably the worst re-telling of a great novel I have ever seen. Only scant resemblence to the Dumas book appears in this movie. the screenplay is contrived and the action uneven at best. It's too bad because the actors do a nice job with their roles. This may be an unfair criticism because I couldn't bear to watch this thing to the end.<p>The version with Gerard Depardieu is no more satisfying or faithful to the original source.<p>For the new generation of moviegoers, try to see the made for TV movie with Richard Chamberlain as Dantes. You'll enjoy Alexandre Dumas much more than Alexandre Dumb...
I love Jim Caviezel in this movie and it's become one of my favorites. It's got drama, a love story, and some action so that you and your spouse can both enjoy it together. I would recommend not allowing young children to watch this movie as it can be violent in spots though. The great thing about this movie is the underlying morals it encompasses. Dantes (played by Jim Caviezel) has every right for revenge for being imprisoned unjustly for 13 years.  Dantes learns an internal strength  and you will feel "gripped" as you follow his emotions from sadness, bitterness, anger, shock, and forgiveness as life continues to change for him in varied ways. You will root for Dantes, cry with him,  smile, and feel justified at the ending.
If you have read Dumas' The Count of Monte Cristo then you know that it is a tale that begins but developing the character of Edmond Dantes.  He is a simple man whose main ambition is to marry the beautiful Mercedes.  He proposes to her and on the night of their engagement he is arrested for treason, betrayed by his best friend.  This is a summation of the first chapter.<br /><br />The second and maybe third chapter relates his time in prison, learning and growing from his relationship with a fellow prisoner.  He also learns from this prisoner the location of a treasure suitable for a dozen kings.  The remaining 90% of the book relates the immensley complicated details of his revenge on those that tore from him the life he held so precious.  It is a tale of intrigue and revenge that takes its time to build and develop.  When you see the traps swinging closed on Dante's enemies you feel a sense of accomplishment with him.<br /><br />Now, on to the movie.  The first full half of the movie relates Dante's betrayal and captivity.  This leaves only an hour to illustrate his revenge.  What is accomplished is a sad imitation of Alexandre Dumas' master work.  This is one of my favorite books, and one of my least favorite movies.  Hollywood's need for adventure movies to be fast paced to match today's lifestyle has ruined this story for many people.  They just don't know it.
Being an extremely picky movie critic myself, I feel obligated to provide my own two cents when I find the critics completely wrong.  I usually heed the warnings of critics, and even though the Count of Monte Cristo received mixed to poor reviews, I went ahead and saw it anyway.  This movie was a friendly reminder that if you listen to the critics all the time, you might just miss out on something.<p>This was a great movie.  The two hours flew by, I didn't find a dull moment, and while the humor was a touch on the corny side, I feel it actually benefited the movie.  I'm not saying I didn't have any problems with the movie (slightly melodramatic lead-in to ending) but I came out happy and fulfilled.  I wasn't the only one, either.  The whole audience seemed to laugh, gasp and cheer together, proving that other people besides myself enjoyed the Count of Monte Cristo as well.<p>See it yourself and make up your own mind.
This was only useable elsewhere. It said wrong area when I inserted it, But Im told it cant be returned if 'opened' I just took off the cellophane. Why agree to sell and post a DVD to the UK when it was impossible to watch??<br />a big con trick
It finally arrived after waiting over a month....it was sent with no protective wrapping of any kind and was damaged...as was the case it arrived in...I was very disatisfied and not pleased...from now on I will only order strictly from amazon.
I ordered a Used-Like New dvd, and the dvd was packaged nicely with a seemingly new and glossed cover. However, after popping it into the dvd player, the movie played till about half of the time and started freezing and showing no picture but sound. I initially thought something was wrong with my dvd player, so I took the dvd to my friends computers, three of them, and the same error showed at the same place in the movie. I was so frustrated because I loved this movie so much that I was so happy to now have an actual dvd copy of it; however, that was a fail.<br />Because it was Used dvd nonetheless, I felt scammed. The sellers must have had checked whether the dvd worked properly or not, but they still sold it--to me. Please check your USED CD/DVDs before reselling it back! In the end, I asked for a refund, and I hope I get it.
I'm re-reading the Count of Monte Cristo right now for about the 5th time. This 2002 movie adaptation is highly disappointing. I'm convinced that sometimes creative licenses should be revoked when handling such great works of literature. This movie followed the story of Edmond Dantes like the movie O Brother, Where Art Thou? follows Homer's Odyssey. The name of the movie could have been changed and I would have been thoroughly entertained by the action, intrigue and plot.<br /><br />Of course, you're turning French classic literature into a 21st century feature-length screenplay, so timelines are squeezed, characters are omitted or combined, and themes are condensed to appeal to a passive, movie-going audience. The fact that the one treasure chest in the book being translated to dozens of chests in the movie attests to the culture and economy differences between 19th-century Europe and 21st- America. I can't imagine Dumas' original to be handled comprehensively with anything shorter than a mini-series. But this movie told a completely different story with the same names and places. Not only were dozens of dramatic and plot-filled scenes removed, too many scenes were fabricated. I say again, if the movie's name was changed and was admitted that it was only loosely based on the novel, then I would probably vote it up.<br /><br />I would encourage anyone to pick up a copy of the original <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0140449264">The Count of Monte Cristo</a>. It would only improve your library. I originally read it as required reading my Junior year of high school. Scholastically, books like this broaden your literary horizon, build vocabulary, and give insight to the culture and time-period of the author. Perhaps the 2002 movie (or other screen adaptations) has piqued your interest in the book, and I say emphatically, you won't be sorry you've read it. It really is one of those books that is hard to set down.
Calling this movie after Alexandre Dumas' original novel is like calling Bernstein's 'West Side Story' 'Romeo and Julliette' after Shakespeare's work. So many elements of the story were altered that Dumas' original plot and theme are no longer recognizable except for the names of some of the characters. They might as well call this film 'The Count of Hollywood' and set the story in modern L.A. instead of 19th century France.<br /><br />  In this film, Dantes is informed of the mission to rescue Napoleon from the onset as opposed to finding about it when returning to shore. Danglars is barely in the picture and is cast as a pirate instead of a banker. Mercedes marries Fernand one month after Dantes is imprisoned instead of 18 months (So much for her loyalty: why would Dantes even forgive her in the end if she were such a tramp?) Luigi Vampa is depicted as the captain who brings Dantes to the island of Monte Cristo right after his escape instead of being a murdering Italian kidnapper he meets much much later. Dante's Turkish guards are ommitted from the story: there's no Princess Haydee or Ali. There's also no Caderousse. In short, this movie has really little if anything to do with Alexandre Dumas' classic 'Le Comte de Monte Cristo. If that's the story you want to see on film, don't see this film.<br /><br />  I strongly recommend the French 1998 mini-series instead of this farce: although Gerard DePardieu's dinstinctive physique undermines his role as a master of disguise, his performance of the role is otherwise excellent. The mini-series is much more faithful to the characters, plots, and themes Dumas sought to convey in his literary masterpiece.
This review is not of the movie, which I love and why I want it on bluray, the review is of the actual bluray disc.  I bought the movie and exchanged it twice all for the same problems: on my Sony bluray player after the Touchtone splash screen it would shut down the player.  On my PS3 it played fine but only has 2.1 PCM 48Hz audio, no Dolby 5.1 HD.  My player and PS3 have recent updates.  Hopefully you will get a good disc to enjoy the movie to its fullest.
I agree with most revievers who thought this was a very good movie...visually stunning, well acted, etc.  What I take exception to are the comments to the effect that it is faithful to the book.  Having just finished the book myself, I was interested to see the movie.  The departures  from the original story appeared immediately and continued throughout the movie up to and including the ending.  Some were no doubt taken to condense the story to a managable length.  Some were apparently intended to add more action (and a little sex) to appeal to today's audiences who are accoustomed to this (we must be sensitive to those who lose intrest if there hasn't been sex or violence in the last 5 munutes after all).  I'm not saying that the changes where wrong, and they may even have made this a better movie (I actually prefered this ending to the one in the book for instance).  But, PLEASE DON'T CALL IT FAITHFUL to the book.
I can't belive they dis such a horrible work on this movie, if they would have stuck to the plot that went on in THE BOOK, you know, where they got the idea from, then the movie would have been a success.  But since hollywood likes to ruin great works of art, then they do what they did with this movie, they BLEW IT!!!! If you really want to get the true feel of The Count Of Monte Cristo,  then READ THE BOOK, YOU WON'T BE DISSAPOINTED THERE.
To those of you who have recently read The Count of Monte Cristo, I would advise against this film. The story in the movie is so completely different than what Dumas writes - perhaps revenge is the only common denominator. Examples:<p>A) In the novel, Fernand is Edmond's enemy from the beginning - they are never pals. In this movie, the two are very close friends, so it's more dramatic that Fernand betrays Edmond.<p>B) In the novel, Mercedes waits several years after Edmond's "death" before marrying Fernand. In the movie, she marries Fernand right away, and we learn later, it's because she is pregnant with Edmond's child, Albert (who is actually Fernand's child in the novel). This was a very disturbing alteration to me...a little too Hollywood.<p>C) In the film, Mercedes and Edmond get back together and live happily ever after. Cheesy?! In the novel, after so many years and different events, Mercedes and Edmond realize (realistically, I think) that they do not belong together because they have grown in different ways, and Edmond starts a life with his servant (who is a better match for him).<p>D) In the film, everything has to do with sword fights! I thought people used guns in the 1800's??? Anyway, a very liberal interpretation of the text.<p>E) Edmond's revenge against Villefort and Danglars is not even remotely similar to what it is in the novel.<p>All in all, this movie is a sad disappointment to me. It should not say "Alexandre Dumas" anywhere on the screen at any point in time, because his story has been butchered.
Apparently someone who read the book 5 years ago gave the screenwriter a brief rundown on the plot. Holy [cow]. I really enjoyed the book and this was a big letdown.  Huge parts of movie are new, and enormous pieces of the original plot are left out.  It would be one thing if the changes made the transition to film easier, (as with Lord of the Rings), but I don't think they even tried. Dumas is not exactly the most daring or controversial writer; I'm not sure why a perfectly good story, and ending, had to be filled up with enough dairy to rival a cheese castle. If you haven't read the book in a while or at all and you do like this movie, or even if you think it was allright, please take the time to read or review the book. Maybe the makers didn't want to spoil the book for that haven't read it, I'm not sure.  There's much more satisfaction at the end than an illegitimate child and a duel between two people that were never "boyhood friends."
I was partway through the rantings of another reviewer about how much this movie strayed from a classic.  And how bad this adaptation was.  But you know what?  I don't really care.  I haven't read the book, and I likely won't.  I happen to like the film.  It has a decent plot, good actors and a theme someone simple-minded as myself can understand - "revenge".  How often have we felt cheated in our lives?  How often have we felt that we are the underdogs?  This film shows us that good things will come to those who wait.  That revenge is sweetest when it is well thought out and exacted with a fury.<p>In this story a sailer by the name of Edmond Dantes is wrongfully imprisoned when his best friend Fernand betrays  him in order to steal his wife.  In prison, Edmond is about to lose hope when a fellow inmate teaches him how to read/write/fight and escape from prison.  At his dying breath, he tells Edmond of a buried treasure that he should use to do good.  Edmond, however, has other thoughts in his mind.  Edmond transforms himself into the mysterious and wealthy Count of Monte Cristo.  With systematic planning, he cleverly inserts himself into high society and exacts revenge from his enemies of the past.  His goal is not to kill them, but to humiliate them and let them know what it feels like to have nothing left to live for.<p>...  The movie was fun to watch, so watch it.
As I write this, I am about 500 pages into reading the book.  I decided to watch this because I was certain that, as a major Hollywood production, it would not reveal to me any of the plot I have not yet encountered.  Man, I hate being right sometimes.<p>Scene 1:  Edmond, his friend Fernand (!?!?!), who is the son of a count (!?!?!), and the yet-living captain of the Pharaon (!?!?!) are coming ashore on Elba, where they are promptly attacked by English soldiers who run the island (!?!?!).<p>HOLY CRAP!!!  Are you kidding me?  Can the first scence of a supposed movie adaptation of a book have that many grave errors?  Even with my yet incomplete knowledge of the story, I lost count of the inaccuracies when they got into the hundreds.  All the characters are oversimplified into completely good or completely evil (instead of simply human).  Fernand is a malevolent genius.  Danglars hardly enters the picture; and when he does, he is portrayed as a pirate instead of a banker.  Mercedes marrying Fernand A MONTH after Edmond is taken away (instead of 18 months) completely destroys her character.  Luigi Vampa is brought in as the captain of the smuggling ship Edmond encounters just after his escape (when he should be 13 years old).  Names, numbers, and locations are changed seemingly at random.  You might say that a lot of that is not central to the plot.  THEN WHY CHANGE IT?????  No Haydee.  No Ali.  No Caderousse.  No intrigue.  No subtlety.  None of the engaging (and critical) subplots.  None of the political and cultural context.  Overall, this is about the equivalent of digging up M. Dumas and violating him with a Ford truck.  A big loud dirty American Ford truck.<p>Of course, if you have not read the book, you may enjoy this movie a lot more.  But from where I sit, -12 stars seems like a totally appropriate rating for this abomination.
Very inferior to the 1975 Richard Chamberlain version. It's as if a chimp took a sledgehammer to the story and knocked all the sense out of it. The characters are dumbed down and the actors are forced into flat caricatures (except for a fine performance by Richard Harris). Caviezal is unable to transform the guileless young Dantes into the dynamic Machiavellian. When he makes his entrance as The Count of Monte Cristo, he limply floats onto the scene and sighs, "Glad you could all make it to my party." Since most of the movie was shot in the dark, there is little for the eyes here. Even the music disappoints.
This story is based on the classic Alexander Dumas book. The story is about friendship, jealousy, betrayal and then the best part the ultimate revenge and then love rediscovered. I believe this book has been adapted to the silver screen several times but I have only seen the version where Richard Chamberlain plays the count and despite Chamberlain's obvious acting limitations I much preferred that version to this updated one. The main reason for this is that the way the revenge comes together in that movie seemed to be more cunning, complicated and satisfying. <p> The story is based around two friends who have sailed the world together. One grows jealous of the other as even though he(Guy Pearce)is a member of the aristocracy; the other (Jim Caviezel) is more popular respected and also has a love-life. The Pearce character plots a dastardly plan removing Caviezel from France and sending away to a life term in prison where he may just as well be dead. The prison scenes are quite awful with some pretty dire dialogue and lines coming from the prison warden and are only made interesting by the brief appearance of fellow prisoner Richard Harris. Harris tells Caviezel of the vast riches to be found on the Italian island of Monte Cristo. Caviezel who was quite a loving character has now understandably changed and is obsessed with getting revenge on the three characters who placed him in this predicament. This aspect of the film I found very dissappointing-in fact some of the scenes are very poorly done. The counts reappearance to public life is way over the top and looks more like a scene from Moulin Rouge. The revenge on the attorney which takes place in a steam room is utterly absurd. By the time he reveals himself I found I really didn't care less anymore and was quite looking forward to the closing credits!<p> I had anticipated having scene the trailer that this would be a lavish period drama with no expense spared. This movie at times is quite the opposite-the scene set in Rome is a terrible recreation and in facts looks like just a small studio setting. The scenes set in Marseille and the final scene could also be described as being pretty lame. Still though the fact that this is such a marvellous story saves the movie and would make it worth watching if you are unfamiliar with this classic novel.
Will Hollywood never learn to stop making movies after Dumas' books? After several failed attempts at the musketeers ("The Musketeer", "The Three Musketeers" - with Charlie Sheen et al, "The Man In The Iron mask" with Leonardo Di Caprio and who knows how many more I have fortunately missed), they try their hand at "The Count of Monte Cristo", another wonderful book by Mr. Dumas. Unfortunately, nothing is the same as in the book except for the name and the general plot. If these people don't have enough faith in Dumas and his literary talent to respect  his stories and his characters and put them to the big screen the same way he has written them, why do they bother using them? <p>For somebody who has never read the book - and I think last night in the theater that was unfortunately true for more than half of the viewers - this might come off as a good adventure movie. The settings are great, the costumes are great, it has plenty of action and romance. And the two principals - Jim Caviezel and Guy Pierce - are two good actors in their own right, I have enjoyed them in several movies. Jim Caviezel is particularly striking in his appearance and I think he would have been able to give his character the depth and mystery that Dumas' Dantes has, if he had been given the chance. But he was not.<p>Hollywood takes a wonderful and deep story of a man's betrayal, revenge and quest for justice and turns into just another action flick. The characters have almost nothing in common with their book counterparts. Dumas' Dantes was a troubled and mysterious man who was using only his machiavellic intelligence and subtlety to defeat his enemies. This Dantes engages in sword fights and even fist fights, for Pete's sake. He also makes his grand entrance to his parties in a balloon, like he was Michael Jackson or something! Dumas' Mercedes was a proud and poor girl of Spanish ancestry, strong and noble. This Mercedes is just a weak girl, a commerciant's daughter who comes along as easy and a little silly. Dumas' Mondego was Mercedes' cousin, poor like her and with hidden ambitions, capable of subtle betrayal (like he betrayed Haydee's father, for those who have read the book). This Mondego is a son's count and just a petty man. <p>They change characters' names and actions. I will not reveal the most exaggerated one of all, but I will only say it almost topped D'Artagnan turning out to be the king's father in "The Man With The Iron Mask". Also, they changed the ending of the romantic part - but this seems to be a problem with all adaptations of this novel, nobody seems to accept that Dumas didn't want Dantes to end up with Mercedes.<p>They leave out more than 70% of the characters - if not for the other problems, perhaps I would have been able to forgive this one, since it would have been hard to fit in the complexity of the novel in just over 2 hours or so. They add several face-to-face combats which serve no purpose other than satisfying the modern taste for such things. They make Jacopo the comic relief of the movie, uttering silly sentences fit for a B-rate comedy. I could go on forever.<p>And Dantes' great revenge upon his enemies, which took years of careful planning, is solved with rashness in 45 or so minutes, less than half the movie, skipping over everything, never being given the importance it has in the novel, to make room for the romantic part and the sword/fist fights.<p>This is definitely the last Dumas adaptation I'm ever going to watch. Although it is clearly better than any of the Musketeer movies, it is still a disgrace.
This is a very good movie but, the only thing it has in common with the book is the movie has some of the characters.  There, that's it.  The movie could have been named anything but, not "The Count of Monte Cristo."  If you really want the whole story, read the book.  It's a great book.  A good movie but, it has nothing to do with the book.
Over the past several years the works of Alexander Dumas have been continually butchered on the big screen.  Disney's The Three Musketeers was more interested in laughs than in the story, 1998's The Man in the Iron Mask was just a little off and modern to be Dumas, and it would be better to ignore the ignoble film The Musketeer.  Kevin Reynolds' The Count of Monte Cristo perfectly captured the spirit of the Dumas classic.  Jim Caviezal makes a perfect Edmund Dantes while Guy Pearce is the perfect foil as the monster Count Fernand Mondego.  The acting is superb the story of revenge and redemption is excellent and although dark at times, Reynolds keeps the film moving and captures the elaborate Dantes revenge perfectly.  I give this film high marks and it honors the spirit of the Dumas novel perfectly.
I found the movie to be compelling interesting and totally unlike any other movie ive seen, that is the reason I read the book, I didnt like the book I found it to be very very dry, its stupid to say that you dont like the movie, what did you expect. If your a fan of a book its your job not to like the movie, Thats why I anticipate that both Ender's Game and the Hitchhikers Guide to the galaxy are both going to be terrible. Moral to the story Anticipate the worse that way you wont be disapointed.
I thought Jim Caviezel was an exceptionally great Count of Mounte Christo. He really comes through in the three arcs of Edmond Dantes, his performance is right on as the wronged and then vengeful yet tormented mysterious stranger who takes high society Paris by storm. I am not sure, going by the Director's commentary, if he was a perfect mesh personality wise to the Director's natural rhythmes ( who has made a steller film in this work) & i am not sure if the Director was totally happy with his lead's way with the character or at least found it a bit baffling at times, but i think it was a great combination and is part of what lift's this film into a longterm charismatic classic.<br /><br />The other leads and support roles are all just as good, which with interesting sub-plots here and there, never lets go of one's interest in this great unfolding & rather special drama adaption.<br /><br />The story itself has some pay offs & set-ups that are not as full as they could have been, yet this doesn't take from the film one iota because it has so much else that gives it great depth, from performances, production values and direction, & the right kind of humor balance to splendid emotive beats through out the film.<br /><br />Great sets, writing, photography, sense of 18th century adventure, plot and intense acting all help draw u in to the drama of romance, skull duggary and revenge. So the film has all the elements woven together in a way which is highly enjoyable, while also containing it's own unique special spark.
I wanted to like this, I really did. There is a great cast, beautiful cinematography, costumes, swordfights etc...all the elements are there but it doesn't jell. I haven't read the original Dumas novel, but I have seen a couple of the previous versions of this story, so I know that not only are some critical plot elements sadly lacking, but the main theme of the novel -- that revenge is ultimately WRONG, however delicious -- has been butchered.<p>I honestly realize that films need to be heavily adapted and compressed from their novel origins in order to make sense and not run for 100 hours. But the intent and purpose of the original author should be at least honored, if not literally followed word for word.<p>The most serious flaw (besides messing up the whole revenge thing) is that this is a tale played out over the lifetimes of the characters...it has to be, to make dramatic sense. By &quot;hurrying&quot; it up, and refusing to age the very attractive, young cast members (James Caviezel, Guy Pearce, Dagmara Domincyzk, etc.) the sense of the story happening over a lifetime is utterly lost. Even the styles of the costumes do not change, although more than 16 years have elapsed. Edmund Dantes &quot;disguises&quot; himself as the Count of Monte Cristo merely by growing a beard! and his hair isn't even slightly gray athough he is in his mid-40s or later. Mercedes never passes a day over 25...get me her moisturizer, PLEASE.<p>Because so little is at state emotionally, there is no payoff at the end and since the theme has been butchered, Edmund learns nothing about revenge OR mercy, making his lengthy odyssey meaningless.<p>What's good? Again, gorgeous location filming and sets. Some good cameos in smaller parts (Michael Wincott is wonderful as the warden of Chateau D'If, with all the most amusing lines but as the character is utterly invented for this version of the story, you can't help but think that he has wandered over from another, better movie somewhere.) The DVD is total eye candy, with beautiful graphics and some great extra features.<p>This is the ultimate proof, I think, that a good movie is 9/10th a good script. The DVD interview with conceited &amp; self-important screenwriter Jay Wolpert is evidence enough where this project went awry -- Mr. Wolpert clearly thinks he has it all over Dumas and is pleased as punch with how he has altered the classic story to his own way of thinking. NOT.<p>In conclusion...a forgettable disapointment.
You don't have to cover your kids eyes while watching this movie. And in these times, that is very rare. <p>The story for this movie is very good. It has a lot of character developement. You watch the star go from a poor, uneducated peasant to a wealthy count, and he uses his wealth to get revenge on those who got him imprisoned in jail for the past 11 years.<p>If you liked Frequency, or The Time Machine (same actors), then you'll enjoy this movie.
Certainly one of the best books ever 'The Count Of Monte Cristo' is  a fairly faithful adaption of the classic novel.<br />Recounting the story of Edmond Dantes (Played fairly good by Jim Caviezel) who is falsely charged of treason then sent off to an island prison where he resides for years before one day a priest (The late Richard Harris in one of his last screen roles) digging a tunnel, breaks through the floor of Edmond's cell.<br />For a few years thereafter the priest teaches Edmond everything he knows until one day the priest dies and Edmond switches places with him so he can escape off the island.<br />Edmond meets up with a gang of pirates and finds the lost treasure of Monte Cristo, thus becoming the richest man alive.<br />He gains esteem and bends his power and wealth to avenge himself from the false charges filed by his best friend (Guy Pearce, displaying the same emotion he did in his 'The Time Machine', released this year) and a shipmate.<br />There are some truly good extras to top off this swashbuckling epic. While nothing extradinary, 'The Count Of Monte Cristo' never fails to entertain and is well worth your time and money.
This adaptation of Alexander Dumas's THE COUNT OF MONTE CRISTO plays out more like a big budget A&E 'movie of the week' than it does a major motion picture of swashbuckling adventure.<p>However, there's a rousing and sweet joy in watching Edmund Dantes (played with infrequent success at achieving one accent by Jim Caviezel) carry out his plot to seek vengeance on those who stole his life away.  Unjustly accused of treason, Dantes endures 16 years of solitude, most in prison, where he manages to meet a fellow prisoner (Richard Harris) and, together, they embark on an attempt to achieve their great escape.  Guy Pearce (L.A. CONFIDENTIAL, MEMENTO) is put to wonderful use as the villain, and he proves he can chew scenery with the best of them.<p>Perhaps the only disappointment the film has is the lack of swordplay.  In an interview, Caviezel stated that he took fencing lessons for six weeks (even learning how to fence with both hands simultaneously), but there's little swash to this buckle on the silver screen; in fact, Caviezel only picks up a foil three times.  The climax duel between the rivals is far too short for my tastes; instead, I found myself enjoying the ride more than the destination.
I remember a week before "The Count Of Monte Cristo" actually appeared in theatres, there was an enormous roar from people about this movie going to be amazing, and wonderful, and just about everything good you can think of.  I was under the impression that this movie was going to be basically like the book, and like the earlier version on film.  I was knocked off my feet, because I am still in a state of amazement.  Kevin Reynolds (director) has outdone himself.  The setting for this movie couldn't have been better.  The building up the story line was impressive.  Throught the first half of the movie I couldn't wait for him to seek his revenge on his ex-best friend. I suppose that my biggest suprise was the performance of James Caviezel (The Count).  I don't really want to ruin the movie for anyone, but I have to say that I was a bit dissapointed.<p>  Throughout the entire movie, the whole theme is REVENGE.  And everyone is being built up towards the final fight scene, which is expected to occur.  And really, there wasn't anything outstanding.  I felt that it was over too quickly.  The mark of a Great Film, is one that leaves you in a state of aw.  This movie could have done this for me, but what I was waiting for, came and went really fast.  Otherwise, this movie is a 5 star movie.  Go and watch it, but don't expect a wonderful ending.  There may be a happy ending, but there isn't alot of lasting meaning.
Jim Caviezel I love you.  What one does with money is only a reflection of what's in your heart.  Your true heart came out at the end.  Money is a tool.  Venenge is man's spirtual currency.  Restoration is God's.  In the end, God always wins.  Choose your side wisely.
The cast was good as was the the movie in general were it not for the fact that the story was so different from the actual book.  It was a real dissappointment to say the least.
After finishing Dumas' classic novel, I immediatly watched this movie. About an hour later, and a hillarious balloon scene, I sadly ejected the DVD, which I now use for a coaster. If you've never read the book, you've got nothing to lose. But if you've ever read the book, you get that sense of annoyance very quickly, and outrage towards the end. Do yourself a favor and read the book first! It is excellent!
The Count of Monte Cristo is one of the best movies of this type (classic literature for the MTV age).  I love it, and I teach high school English.  While it is true that the movie sometimes strays far from the book, it still holds the same ideals of revenge, forgiveness, and faith.  Fabulous!
This is such a marvelous rendition of Dumas' "The Count of Monte Cristo" that even my beloved, but red-necked, son-in-law liked it.  Full of swash and buckle, intrigue and suspense, this movie even has tender love scenes thrown in for the ladies.  Good guys win, bad guys pay, and the lady gets her man. The period piece costuming is well done.  All of the fight scenes are believable with no acrobatics spoiling the credibility.  And when it comes time for the bad guy to get what is coming to him, you are cheering.  It is entertaining while cleverly promoting morals such as education is a virtue, all things come to he who waits, and best of all - vengeance is a dish best served cold!
I HAVE THIS MOVIE IN VCR.  WELL, I HAD TO HAVE IT IN DVD.  THIS IS A GOOD FAMILY MOVIE AND I THINK EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE IT IN THEIR LIBRARY
This is a great story of the Count of Monte Christo and how he became the count via the betrayal of a close friend and the tutoring of 'the prist' in prison.  Very inspiring movie I would recommend without any reservation.
I LOVE THIS MOVIE & HAVE ALWAYS  WANTED TO BUY IT.  THE QUALITY OF THE PURCHASE IS GREAT!<br />THANK YOU<br />MRS. LAYOW
I had been searching for a blu-ray copy of The Count of Monte Cristo and had given up.  Luckily, Amazon sends me messages when their DVDs are on sale.  This last time, there it was!  Thanks, Amazon!
I understand such a huge book can not be transferred wholly to the big screen, but the script deviates drastically from the book in the way it ends. Had i known that, i wouldn't have bought it.<br /><br />There are some very nice scenes & cinematography.
I've never read the book so I cant compare, but I do remember that the film itself was quite boring at times and just too long, or at least it felt long. Normally I love movies like this, but this just didn't do it for me. The acting was OK, nothing special stuck out out for me. The set pieces and costumes were very well done however, which I think is essential in a movie such as this. Other than that, I would skip it.
This movie was better than I had ever expected, well worth the adding to your collection.
The Count of Monte Cristo is an entertaining film that we saw in the theater and then bought for home viewing.  We like it so much that, when we couldn't locate the VHS tape that we purchased, we bought a DVD copy to replace it.  We enjoy watching it again and again.
James Caviezel and Guy Pearce bring "The Count of Monte Cristo" book to life! This movie is great from beginning to end. I'd been meaning to see it for 3 years now and finally had the chance to watch it last night. The acting, the cinematography, the script, the beautiful Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk), make this movie a top 100 on mine and any other movies fan's list! I could not take my eyes off the screen. I kept wanting to see more and more as i didn't know what would happen next. I guess never having read the book has its advantages lol!!
A man named Dantes is about to be married to the woman he loves. Only one problem: his best friend loves her too. Solution? Evil best friend gets Dantes put away in a prison fortress for a long time off on some remote and desolate island. A Verrrry long indefinate sentence. Dantes miraculously eventually escapes after 13 years to find--yup, you guessed it--his beloved is married to best friend. Understandably, Dantes is enraged and is out for blood. This is a classic and intricately plotted tale, brilliantly re-created in this film. The sword fight sequence near the end is so spectacular and realistic too!<p>David Rehak<br />author of &quot;Love and Madness&quot;
Loved Loved Loved this movie!!!!!  I can watch it over and over and over again. With the price of DVDs you need to find movies that you can watch over and over again.
This is an excellent movie.  Even though it is &quot;a typical Holly Wood production&quot;, it didn't mutilate the plot so much you couldn't even recognize the title of it.  Edmond Dantes is protrayed perfectly but Mercedes' actress doesn't look like the real Mercedes.  The film shows every thing that gets the theme of the book across, and the changes made fall into place.  Even though I had my hands clutched in terror during parts of it,  I still laughed and cried.  It was a wonderful movie and the ending is so sweet.  Even though the book's ending was sweet, this one has the 'happily ever after' part added to it. And all the subplots were eliminated, so were many characters so it is much easier to follow.  And even though the film goes by so fast, the actions of the characters results in a lot of development.
I love this Movie!  Totally Addicted to it!  It actually has a plot that keeps you glued to the screen without machine guns or 5800 unnecessary boob shots! LOL<br />I watch it at least twice a month.<br />This is the way movies should be instead of that junk in the theaters.<br />Jayce
Edmond Dantes(Jim Caviezel) and his best friend Fernand ( Guy Pierce) are forced to dock ship to save the life of their captain. Napolean will only offer medical assistance if Edmond delivers a letter from Napolean to Versaille. Little does Edmond know that it contains plans to overthrow the king. When Edmond and Fernand return, Edmond is promoted to captain of the ship and becomes engaged to his one true love Mercedes (Dagmara Domincyzk). Fernand becomes jealous of Edmond's life and he also feels betrayed when he manages to find out about the letter. He turns Edmond into the authorities. Now Edmond is branded a traitor to France and sentenced to life imprisonment in the worst prison imaginable. Mercedes is told by the crown prosecutor that Edmond is dead, and she marries Fernand. While inside, Edmond befriends a priest ( Richard Harris) who educates him, teaches him to fight, and lets him know of a treasure of the Island of Monte Cristo. Edmond promises his friend that he will escape and find the treasure. Edmond finally does after 14 years and uses the treasure to become the Count of Monte Cristo. As the count, Edmond plans to gain revenge on Fernand and the Crown Prosecutor (James Frain), as well as win back Mercedes.<p>Count of Monte Cristo has an amazing story of revenge and love, outstanding acting, and thrilling swashbuckling action that will keep you glued to the screen. Jim Caviezel nails the role of Edmond Dantes to perfection. Guy Pierce does an amazing job as Fernand. His treacherous ways make him the perfect villan. Dagmara Domincyzk does a nice job as Mercedes. I also enjoyed James Frain's performance as the Crown Prosecutor. The best performance has to be by Richard Harris. Harris's portrayal of the priest is excellent. The story itself will keep you glued to the screen from beginning to end and the fighting sequences are top notch. The only problem I had with the film, is that the adaptation did not really follow the book at all. However, the film still manages to be enjoyable, and in some instances, it is even better than the book.<p>The supberb acting, thrilling action sequences, and overall story are responsible for making Count of Monte Cristo one of my all time favorite films. The DVD offers outstanding picture and sound quality, as well as some nice special features as well. This is definately a film that I consider a must own.
I went to this movie because of two reasons:  To see Guy Pearce, and because I love this particular Dumas story.  I was immensely rewarded.  It was a faithful retelling, and it was filmed in an extremely entertaining way.  The action sequences were believable and nail-biting, and the performances of Guy Pearce, Jim Caveziel and Richard Harris were terrific.  This is the way movies used to be made.
This DVD would not play due to parameters.  Read carefully ...REGION 2.  Will not play in America.  Total Fail for me!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000063W1R">The Count of Monte Cristo [Region 2</a>]
Well this is a great movie but have not had the pleasure of getting to watch it because I am out of region. What does that mean anyway!? Not sure but don't buy anything if out of a region cause it won't play. Guess ya live and learn!
The Count of Monte Cristo in the original book starts off as a young and naive sailor. But the betrayal by his supposed friends and his unjust imprisonment turns him into someone very different.  He presents himself at different times as enigmatic, dangerous, cunning, able to bend criminals to his will and to lure aristocrats into becoming his friend.  He finds out the inner secrets of each of his enemies and turns their weaknesses into their downfall.  This character is perhaps the most romantic in fiction and one of the most complex.<br /><br />The script does the actors a serious disservice, but a stronger actor in the role of the Count could still have done a good job of showing us the deep undercurrent of anger that drove his actions and made him believable.  Unfortunately, James Caviezel isn't capable of bringing that depth of acting to the role.  The people who enjoyed the mini-series/film either never read the book or have forgotten what it was really like.
I opened this "new" DVD and it skipped every 20 to 30 seconds throughout the entire movie. I would not recommend buying a DVD from this seller, as it may not work properly.
The book, The Count of Monte Cristo, is one of my favorites.  I know that movies can miss certain elements in the book and that usually the book is better.  So I can forgive most movies even if they miss some things.  But this movie seems to have missed the point entirely.  It seems that they thought sword fights and one-liners where what this story is about.  Where the book created this fully fleshed world of Edmond Dantes, the movie is like the superficial Hollywood version of the hastily read cliff notes.  If you are looking for a movie that takes the themes from this book accurately, then watch the movie, SLEEPERS.  (with Jason Patrick, Brad Pitt, Robert DeNiro, etc.)  Even though the time and place and people are entirely different, the story of this film rings more true to the heart of the novel, The Count of Monte Cristo, than any film version of the book I've ever seen.  Read the book, and watch both movies and you'll see why.
this is in general a very bland movie with inappropriate castings, further ruined by a lame screenplay. scenes and settings are all okay but all the major roles simply failed to deliver an in-depth viewing feelings. the make-up jobs for all the casts were also terrible. after 15 years (based on the age of dantes' son) gone by, nobody seemed to change a bit, but nobody seemed to recognize nobody, that's ridiculous. the ending also sucks. adapted from this great novel that i've read and re-read three times, this was perhaps the worst one transcribed from the novel. what a waste of great settings and costumes. we simply failed to feel anything emotional during the watch.
For those of you who have read the book (abridged or unabridged), be prepared to be dissapointed!  The only similarity that the movie and the book share is the name itself.  It is a travesty that somebody can re-write a classic literary work into something like a made-for-tv movie!  Check that...there is a made-for-tv series in French (made by Bravo, I believe) that is the closest depiction of The Count of Monte Cristo that I have ever seen.  I would not waste my time watching thismovie!  See the bravo flick...not this one!
Dumas' stories have been filmed so often, yet it still is a joy to see them. This new version of the Count of Monte Christo is no exception. It has serious flaws and errors, too numerous to list. For example: modern language lines, totally unbelievable interpretations (as other reviewers mentioned), very amateurish characterizations (the Count twirls his locks and his old love recognizes him by the gesture rather than by his nearly unchanged looks). None of these things really disgusted me. I just sat back and enjoyed. The opening scene set a mood and the photography generally showed fine settings. The very end was incredibly sappy, but since I had just watched a wonderful fighting/fencing scene with a lush green setting, I didn't care too much.<br /><br />A strong complaint I have about most new movies: the voices are almost inaudible compared to the background music and noises.<br /><br />I hope you will read the book, if you haven't already. No film ever has done Dumas' story telling power justice. The Three Musketeers film version with Michael York as d'Artagnan came close.<br /><br />If you're willing just to be entertained, this movie may fit your mood. I saw it three times by now.
I never read the book, so this story was entirely new to me. I loved it. Like all movies, there are a few plot holes but the overall feeling and effect of the film are fantastic.<p>The story centers on a young man wrongfully sent to prison after being betrayed by his best friend for the love of his fiance. The man, long thought dead, spends many years in prison where he meets another inmate. This inmate teaches him to read, write, fight, and gives him the location of a great treasure. The scorned man uses this treasure to regain himself a life and seek out revenge on those responsible for his misery and torture. The plot twists and thickens and keeps you entertained throughout.
The tendency is to see this 2002 version of &quot;The Count of Monte Cristo&quot; as redemption for director Kevin Reynolds after the fiasco of &quot;Waterworld,&quot; but this particular retelling of the classic adventure novel by Alexandre Dumas p&egrave;re is mainly the creation of screenwriter Jay Wolpert.  I read the novel--the unabridged version--in the sixth grade despite the insistence of my teacher that I could not possibly do so.  Consequently, &quot;The Count of Monte Cristo&quot; holds a special place in my mind.  Wolpert's adaptation provides several new twists on the classic tale, but these are not gratuitous liberties.  The idea that Edmond Dantes (Jim Caviezel) and Fernand Mondego (Guy Pearce) are now best friends, the creation of the sadistic Armand Dorleac, d'If Warden (Michael Wincott), and the new rationale for the marriage of Merced&egrave;s Iguanada (Dagmara Domincyzk), all work within the framework of the story.  They are not additions as much as much as ways of enhancing the tragedy.  The animosity between Edmond and Fernand is now that of a man betrayed by his jealous &quot;brother.&quot;  Edmond's imprisonment at Chateau d'If takes on added horror as the warden willingly admits it is a place to which only the innocent are sent.  The secret Merced&egrave;s reveals at the end allows the final battle between Edmond and Fernand to be played out against a new dynamic of suddenly revealed relationships.<p>Edmond Dantes has the misfortune of becoming involved in the shifting politics of France in the period between the two reigns of the Emperor Napoleon.  Betrayed by the self-interest of several men, he is imprisoned for life on a desolate rock.  There he has a fortuitous encounter with the Abb&eacute; Faria (Richard Harris), who becomes Edmond's mentor and who reveals the secret of the treasure buried on the island of Monte Cristo.  This wealth will provide Dantes with the means to gain vengeance on those who destroyed his life, especially when he learns that insult has been added to injury and that his beloved Merced&egrave;s is now the Count of Morcerf and married to Mondgeo.  "The Count of Monte Cristo" was filmed on location in Malta and Ireland, and the art direction and set design are well suited to the tale being told.  Kevin Reynold's direction provides a brisk pace to the adventure and I especially liked the low angle tracking shots he used during the climatic duel between Edmond and Fernand.  Special mention needs to be made of William Hobbs, who choreographed the swordplay as the "fight arranger," a job he has done on other Dumas films before in his lengthy resume.  <p>This is Wolpert's first movie screenplay.  Previously he worked as a writer on the television series "The Lot," having mostly been a producer of television games shows such as "The Price is Right" and "Match Game."  So it is rather surprising that his adaptation is so strong.  I would not have minded if the film had more of an epic heft to it, but I do understand the Hollywood mentality that depends such films come in under two hours.  Wolpert's dialogue also has some wonderful moments, such as when Dorleac strings up his new prisoner, Edmond, and says: "Now you're thinking, just now `Why me, O God?'  The answer is, God has nothing to do with it.  In fact, God is never in France this time of year."  Later on Jacopo (Luis Guzm&aacute;n), the smuggler turned valet who serves the Count, tells his master "God sees you out of the corner of his eye."  There are several gems like this throughout the film, which balance the more pedestrian lines and the several anachronistic examples of street talk that intrude on the tale.  This version of "The Count of Monte Cristo" is not a great film but it is a very good adventure story, whether you know the original tale or not (unabridged or not).
This movie is a wonderful work of art. It should have won an Oscar! The movie is set in France with lush backgrounds and a truly incredible story based on the book by Alexander Dumas. Not only is it a terrific tale of love and survival, it is also a feast for the adventure fan. The Count of Monte Cristo is filled with enough swordfights, daring escapes, and backstabbing comrades to satisfy any viewer. I highly recommend this movie.
What an unmitigated piece of garbage.  Richard Harris is always wonderful but he's the only redeeming feature of this perverse twisting of Dumas' classic.  See the G&eacute;rard Depardieu mini-series instead.  (If you can ignore the fact that he doesn't look starved in the Chateau d'If, it's wonderful.)  Except for Harris the acting is poor.  The people are unrealistic and are, at best, caricatures of Dumas' creations.  The writer has committed a crime.
JAmes Caviezel was magnificant and Guy Ritchie also.  I have also seen James C play in High Crimes which he was also very good.  This is the 1st movie that I had recognized Guy Ritchie and thought he was great also.
I enjoyed the movie and I purchased it to add to my dvd collection.  Unfortunately the particular disc I received from Amazon was flawed and unwatchable. Hope you have better luck.
Well, there's one thing that's hard to go wrong with and that's a classic story. It's hard to fault the plot, when it's based on a renowned classic like Dumas' The Count Of Monte Cristo, even if it is a simple revenge tale. Unfortunately, none of the acting rises above the page.<p>None of the leading men are quite manly. James Caviezel who plays Edmond Dantes and Guy Pearce, who plays Fernand Mondego both come across a little weak as swashbucklers. Caviezel tends to be a blank slate anyway, but I really liked Pearce in Memento, so I was a little disappointed to see his be such a weak character. You do dislike Fernand Mondego and want to see him meet his demise, but Pearce could have taken it much further and given Caviezel more distance to grow as a character. Richard Harris may have walked through this role, but he delivers the best performance of all the actors.<p>Overall, it's a good Saturday movie if you want to watch some guys sword fight a little bit and not have to think to much.
I have a blu-ray player that is a year old.  The firmware is from this year.<br />This is the first blu-ray disc that will not play.  I tried two copies that were in perfect condition.<br /> Do not buy this disk.
I ordered this dvd, it came in the mail quickly, it is in perfect condition (no scratches). We have watched it 3 times already!
This movie is the events of Dumas' classic stamped onto a canned Hollywood adventure/love story.  The formula is the same used in 80's montage movies:  1) Weak but good-hearted kid suffers as he hands of evil men.  2) Kid has a montage.  3)  Kid gets revenge.
I had to return this Blue Ray twice and I still don't have a working copy. finaly I told Amazon to refund my purchase. the disc would not play on my new Sony BR player. I updated my firmware and other BR discs played on my player, but I was never able to get this disc to play.
Why is it that so many filmmakers believe that they can improve upon classic novels by changing them?  Such conceit rarely results in a movie that is a credit to the novel upon which it is based, few surpass the original, and this is certainly no exception. Jim Caviezel is certainly eye candy in this movie, and if you are interested in that, or in seeing a VERY YOUNG Henry Cavill (of the Tudors), then by all means buy this movie.  However, if you want to enjoy "The Count of Monte Cristo," slog through the book.  This is NO substitute.  Most of the plot has been stripped away, and that which remains has been altered beyond recognition.
I watched this movie with great anticipation after reading the book however, I quickly realized that this is not the same story that Dumas put on paper all those many years ago.  If you have never read his book it will entertain you.  It was entertaining but again it was not even close to the book.  It would be better titled "Kinda like the Count...Cristo".
This is easily one of the five worst movies I've ever seen. Forget that, it's one of the *two* worst movies I've ever seen. While Guy Pearce is usually an excellent actor, and Jim Caviezel has the perfect look for Edmund Dantes (at least, post-imprisonment), there is nothing that could have saved such a woefully terrible screenplay. The Dumas novel is one of the best books I've ever read, filled with intrigue, action, and mystery, with vibrant characters and brilliant plotting. Granted, adapting such a grand story to the screen would probably take four hours or more, but if one isn't going to attempt an adaptation of the original story, then one should just make a new movie. That being said, all the interesting, original parts of the book were removed and replaced with a cookie-cutter revenge plot, stereotypical, one-dimensional characters, and bland dialogue that too often inserts modern slang into Napoleonic-era France. This movie is the "Count of Monte Cristo" in name only, and in every other way, a poorly conceived, vapid, dime-a-dozen action flick. Avoid it at all costs.
I've been itching to buy this movie since I saw it in the theatre. Now I'm going to have to wait until they release a widescreen version because there's no way I'm paying for pan&scan.<p>A beautifully crafted film both in visuals and acting, not to mention the masterful story telling. The only letdown is not having widescreen, which is unforgivable and therefore this DVD release gets one star, for what would otherwise be a five star rating.
My only reason for seeing this film is because  Luis Guzman is in it.  I find these Napoleon/Shakespeare/pirate films to very very dull, boring and over-long.<br /><br />  Luis plays a much different role here than what we are use to seeing.  Doesn't he look handsome in that red English coat?
As a movie the Count of Monte Cristo is entertaining on its own but when compared to the book it is horrible.  There are several instances where Hollywood had its way with the plot.  The revelation about who Alberts real father is being the worst.  This did not happen in the book.  The movie lacks the style of the book.  The Count was much more subtle and devious in the book and never stooped to getting is hands diry himself.  I also don't recall any sword fights in the book (although they were decent, but nothing spectacular).  As I said, taken on its own the movie is entertaining but it deviates terribly from the book which is superior in everyway.
Ok this MOVIE is  amazing. Im tired of these people crying and saying its not the book. Yea its not the book its a MOVIE! Get it threw ur heads, all books are diff from movies. Its a great movie about love,betrayl,revange,what else do you need. The acting was great. And if your bored go read the book but if you want to watch a great MOVIE watch this epic.
This is simply the best film I have seen since May 6,2000 when I sat down to watch Gladiator. It is absolutely amazing and beyond words. I really thought that this movie would be a farce considering the length of the book and the treatment that was done of "The Three Musketeers" back in 1993. But I was more than a bit pleasantly surprised at the faithfullness to the text. Yes some things were changed and peripheral characters were left out, however that should be expected since there was no way that the entire contents of a 1091 page book are going to fit into a theatrically realeased movie.<p>The movie is so well done that you don't even care. And trust me I'm a hardcore fan of the COMC, it is one of my top favorite books.<p>The only thing I saw Jim Caviziel in was that Jenifer Lopes flick where he seemed "out of it". For some reason I thought that I would get the same performance in this movie. Not so Caviziel plays Edmond the way I thought that he should be played. First off all as a naive boy, then as the movie progresses you see the anguish he goes through as his innocence has been ripped from him in prison, then to the noble aristocrat with a shimmering rage just underneath the surface. Guy Pearce is excellent as t the perfidious Fernand, and so is James Frain as Villefort. I especially liked Dagmara Dominczyk as Mercedes. She and Caviziel had the most amazing chemistry. It was one of the best and most believable romances I have seen on the big screen.<p>The acting, the sets, the costumes and the excellent sword fights truly make this a delight of the senses. I wish that Hollywood would put this kind of stuff out more often. Please see this film believe me you will NOT be disapointed.
I love the book, which supposedly means I'm in no condition to enjoy a good movie, much less know a bad one when I see it. Anyway, I put off watching this thing because I figured they would screw it up. But actually, the first third of the movie was pretty good. My hopes rose, foolishly, and then the harsh glare of bad scripting sent them crashing into the sea. The 1975 version is vastly superior, being much more believable and stylish. This 2002 effort isn't exactly awful, mainly it's just boring.<p>The Caviezel fellow did a nice job in the first part of the film, playing the naive sailor/prisoner. The conversion to the Count was never believable, however, always coming off as a bit of a putz. He simply didn't fill the role. The scenes with the Abb? Farria were the most successful. And although the Chateau d'If whipping scenes were gratuitous, and the book never actually portrayed the landing on Elba, I think they enhanced the story. So there!<p>So the betrayal, false imprisonment, suffering, and relationship with the Abb? weren't badly done. Caviezel played the prisoner bit very well, and it seemed a real evolution was going on as the years went by. Thus, the set-up of the main plot was accomplished, but the execution was definitely botched.<p>It all went downhill with the hot air balloon bit. It was stupid. I like Luiz Guzman, but what was he doing in this movie? His absurd portrayal, I guess some see it as "comic relief" was just campy, just plain bad, and the rest of the movie sank like a stone. Caviezel's "Count" was merely foppish and ridiculous. With Caviezel as Count Clown dandy, instead of the dangerous and inscrutable figure of the novel, it all just fell apart. That's not being a stickler to the book, that's just translating the basic character to film.<p>Basically, the writer and director were never able to set up the vengeance(s) very well. The Count's execution of his plots were never really that clear or interesting. The dialogue between him and his prey were badly written, with a few double entendres and little else. The fairy-tale ending they went for was also VERY lame, you don't have to be a fan of the book to roll your eyes at all of the loose ends being methodically tied. And since at least twenty years went by and all the actors were still obviously in their late-twenties, it was a relief when the tedium finally ended.
The Count Of Monte Cristo<p>I went to this movie, expecting to see nothing more than a good adventure movie with decent sword fights. Mind you, I did not know of the story of The Count Of Monte Cristo, however I liked many of Alexander Dumas' other stories. What I received from this movie, was an amazing plot line, great sword fights, over the top performances by the entire cast, and simple humor. I was definitely surprised at how simple the filming techniques were compared to many of Hollywood's other recent films, and this made it only better. Probably the best tale of revenge I have ever experienced, The Count Of Monte Cristo will go down in history as one of my favorite movies. I could not stop smiling the entire time, and man did I really hate Guy Pierce!<p>Final Grade: 10/10 (There was absolutely nothing wrong with this movie!)
Back in 1800's, French writer Alexandre Dumas is famously known for writing "The Three Musketeers" but he is also known for writing the literary classic "The Count of Monte Cristo".  The film would receive a TV film adaptation in 1975 starring Richard Chamberlain (and an excellent TV series with Gerard Depardieu from 1999) but it wasn't until 2002 when the novel would receive a film adaptation directed by Kevin Reynolds ("Waterworld", "Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves", "Red Dawn") and written by Jay Wolpert ("Pirates of the Caribbean" films).<br /><br />The film was well received by critics and has developed a fan following since its release on DVD.<br /><br />VIDEO:<br /><br />"The Count of Monte Cristo" is presented in 1080p HD (1:85:1) and having owned the previous DVD release of this film, I have to say that this film looks absolutely beautiful on Blu-ray.  From the lavish outfits to the amount of detail on the costumes, the detail of the prison and overall set and costume design, there is so much detail in the textures.  Black levels were nice and deep and I didn't see any banding or compression artifacts in this release.<br /><br />If anything, if you are a big fan of this film, the Blu-ray release definitely looks a lot better than its DVD counterpart.<br /><br />AUDIO & SUBTITLES:<br /><br />"The Count of Monte Cristo" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio, French 5.1 Dolby Digital & Spanish 2.0 Dolby Digital.  The original DVD release of "The Count of Monte Cristo" was mainly dialogue driven while the Blu-ray release remains the same.  It's a dialogue-driven film and is pretty much center and front-channel driven.<br /><br />There are some moments during the film where you can hear the ambiance such as chains in the prison, the clanging of the swords or the galloping of horses through the surround channels.  But for the most part, it is a dialogue-driven film.<br /><br />Subtitles are in English SDH, Spanish and French.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />"The Count of Monte Cristo" comes with the following special features:<br /><br />  Audio Commentary With Director Kevin Reynolds - Featuring in-depth commentary by director Kevin Reynolds talking about the film, the production including some of the challenges faced (as well as glitches) in the film.<br />  The Pen - (6:38) A featurette about Alexandre Dumas, the original writer of the novel "The Count of Monte Cristo".<br />  A Retrospective on author Alexandre Dumas "Adapting A Classic" - (8:50) A featurette about the film adaptation of Alexandre Dumas' novel and the challenges that Jay Wolpert faced.<br />  The Napoleonic World - (8:14) A featurette on the production and costume design of "The Count of Monte Cristo" and locations of where Kevin Reynolds had considered shooting and how Malta was the location that was perfect for the film.<br />  The Clash Of Steel - (10:21) A featurette about the stunt choreography of "The Count of Monte Cristo".<br />  Deleted and Alternate Scenes - (22:16) Featuring a total of five deleted and alternate scenes with intro with Director Kevin Reynolds and the editor, Stephen Semel and commentary featuring the two discussing why certain scenes were cut out.<br />  En Garde: Multi-Angle Dailies - (3:o2) Featuring the dailies of the final sword fight ala two-camera setups with commentary by Kevin Reynolds.<br />  Layer-By-Layer Sound Design - (4:45) An interactive sound design featurette which you can listen to the isolated audio (using your audio button).<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />"The Count of Monte Cristo" is a revenge film that doesn't fit the banality of modern bloodlust revengeful films.  It's a clever storyline of one man's climb from being an officer turned prisoner who had nothing.  Illiterate, lost all family and his the woman he loves and is meant to rot in prison.<br /><br />What kept him strong is his belief in God, but the longer he stayed in prison, his belief started to fade and eventually, while in prison, is able to educate himself and become a better man which helps lead to his goal for revenge.<br /><br />There are a lot of twists and turns in the story of "The Count of Monte Cristo" and as adventurous and exciting the plot line is, especially since it's an adaptation of Alexandre Dumas' classic novel, director Kevin Reynolds knows that he is not making a true-to-novel adaptation.  There is just no way to capture the setting and overall theme of the novel in a two hour movie.  For those wanting a more faithful adaptation, the 1999 TV series featuring Gerard Depardieu is the most faithful adaptation of the novel yet.<br /><br />But for those who are not willing to engage in reading "The Count of Monte Cristo", Reynolds direction and Wolper's screenplay focuses on the more swashbuckling, adventurous side of "The Count of Monte Cristo".  And since the making of this film, Wolper has not deviated from focusing on the action and adventure as evident in the "Pirates of the Last Caribbean" films that he has written thus far.  The historic events revolving around Napoleon Bonaparte is not important in the overall film, it's the revenge factor and seeing how a man that is sent to rot in prison would eventually find a way to exact justice on those who framed him.<br /><br />It's also important to note that their is also a humorous side to the film.  For one, the casting of Luis Guzman as Jacopo was quite amusing, but for the most part, it worked.  Some acting was a bit off, especially when it comes to James Caviezel's earlier Edmond Dantes but it does get better as the film progresses.  The same can be said  with Dagmara Dominczyk's Mercedes Iguanada and found that I had to switch on the subtitles to understand what she was saying at times.<br /><br />But for the most part, I enjoyed "The Count of Monte Cristo" and the Blu-ray release looks much better and sounds better than its original DVD counterpart and all the special features that were included on the 2002 DVD release is included on this Blu-ray release.<br /><br />The film is pretty much it's own story and really can't be compared to Alexandre Dumas' novel.  In fact, there may be some similarities by name, by location and such but if you are looking for a close adaptation to the novel, this film is not it.  But for those who enjoy Jay Wolpert's style of writing (especially for what he has done for the "Pirates of the Last Caribbean" films), then you probably will enjoy this film.<br /><br />Overall, "The Count of Monte Cristo" is exciting, entertaining and a clever revenge film worth watching!
"The Count of Monte Cristo" is a classic tale of betrayal and revenge (which the novel's author, Alexander Dumas, was inspired to write after reading of an incident, broadly similar in its basic aspects, in an essay written by a French police archivist).  The main character, Edmond Dant&egrave;s, is betrayed and falsely accused of treason, subsequently immured in a bleak and cruel prison, where he makes a fortunate acquaintance in the Abb&eacute; Faria, another wrongly accused prisoner, who eventually provides him with the education (both social and martial) and the financial means to exact revenge upon his accusers following his inevitable escape.  Upon achieving his freedom, Dant&egrave;s falls in with a crew of smugglers (giving him the disreputable, underworld connections that will prove so useful to him later), recovers a literal buried treasure bequeathed him by the Abb&eacute; Faria, and assumes the identity of an Italian nobleman, the titular Count of Monte Cristo, which opens the doors of aristocratic Parisian society, thus giving him access to his targets.  He then plots and carries out the downfall of all his enemies.  His revenge achieved, he then resumes his relationship with the beautiful woman to whom he was engaged prior to his arrest.  (In this last part, the movie departs completely from the novel, but I actually like this better; not only did I always feel sorry for Dumas' Merc&eacute;d&egrave;s, who lost everything, and went off to live out the remainder of a rather broken, lonely life, but the woman with whom Dant&egrave;s eventually finds love, Hayd&eacute;e, always seemed to me a rather pale, colorless character, who serves little purpose in the story, and seems to exist only to provide Dant&egrave;s with a happy ending.)<br /><br />This is a film which, if memory serves, did moderately well at the box office, but no more than that.  For the life of me, I simply cannot fathom why that is.  Perhaps it's because it didn't have enough "action."  If that is so, it's a terrible commentary on how audiences' expectations have been dumbed down, and whose attention spans have been shortened by a steady diet of simple-minded action movie blockbusters over the past several decades.  Sure there is only one spectacular fight, but the film needs no more than this (and such things were signally lacking in the novel as well, where Edmond Dant&egrave;s achieve his revenge by plotting and intrigue, not by fisticuffs or swordplay).  I don't think the disappointment of ardent fans of the novel can explain why the film didn't enjoy better success, as I doubt that a majority of film goers these days have actually read all of it.  And I might as well mention, at this point, the harshest criticism that usually gets leveled at this film: that it doesn't do justice to the novel.  Every time I hear someone say this it makes me shake my head in exasperation.  The novel was over a thousand pages long, has a enormous cast of characters, several subplots unfolding beneath the main plot, and was originally serialized over the course of eighteen months during it's initial publication, which gave its readers plenty of time to digest the many twists and turns of the novel, and the way many characters' fates are interwoven and their stories overlap.  In just what world to these critics imagine one can "do justice" to a story this long and this complex in the course of a two-hour feature film?  OF COURSE the movie makes radical alterations to the story, omits nearly all the subplots, and eliminates most of the supporting characters.  There was no way to fit all that material in a feature length movie.  Even the 1998 French miniseries starring G&eacute;rard Depardieu couldn't accomplish this.  It would take at least a full season-long television series to do it in its entirety (hmmm... now THERE'S an idea!).  People should realize the movie is only based on and inspired by Dumas' superb novel, and enjoy the movie for what it is: a truly great film.<br /><br />So having said all that, I'll reiterate my wonder that this movie didn't do better at the box office.  It has something in it to appeal to literally everyone.  If you like adventure, look no further.  If romance is your thing, it's in there too.  Exotic, gorgeously scenic locations?  Got 'em.  In spades.  Do you love period films?  They don't come much better than this one.  Do you like suspense?  It's in there too.  Really, the film's got just about everything.  The story is marvelous, the pacing is pitch-perfect, the villains are appropriately contemptible without being clich&eacute;d  or cartoonish, the cinematography is brilliant, the locations are a sumptuous feast for the eyes (Malta stands in particularly well for early 19th-century Marseilles), the set and costume design is absolutely first-rate, and the acting is superb.  This last point is worth emphasizing.  Every actor turns in a great performance, and two in particular -- James Caviezel as Dant&egrave;s, and the late Richard Harris as the Abb&eacute; Faria -- are absolutely stellar.  If you've read and loved Dumas' novel, and haven't seen this yet, don't expect the original story to be faithfully reproduced on screen, and remember that it can't be in a two hour movie.  Instead, think of this film as a similar story, based on similar characters, but meant to be enjoyed entirely on its own merits.  Approach it on those terms, and you will be in for a positively wonderful cinematic experience.
One of my favorite movies!  I know Dumas admirers will strongly disagree, however I believe that this is one of the best adaptations ever.  Usually when Hollywood makes significant changes from the book, the results are horrendous.  Remember The Mists of Avalon?  Seriously, the book is great...one of the greatest and with all due respect, the changes made to the movie do enhance the story.  Some may complain about name changes and missing characters but get over it folks, the book is more than a 1000 pages and something had to be left out.  I don't want to give anything away but I felt that the romantic modifications with the Mercedes character actually improved on the Dumas story.  I always felt that he overly abused this character and I was happy to see her treated with more respect in the movie.<br /><br />Another thing that I (and my wife) liked about this movie is the fact that it is more plot oriented rather than action oriented.  It is not non-stop sword fighting.  There are many interesting subtle plot details that make this movie a keeper, one that can be watched over and over.  I especially enjoyed the section where Dantes has his awakening of sorts with assistance from the Abbe Faria within the prison.  How many of these elements did you catch the first time that you watched it?  Anyway, some people will bash any movie that does not precisely follow the book and really, this is impossible.  Lord of the Rings is probably the most successful and at 10 hours long, there were still parts left out.  Enjoy this movie and don't let the naysayers keep you from watching arguably the best Dumas adaptation yet.
First of all, let's get one thing out of the way. This film is an adaptation of a novel and as such it adds some new elements and deletes some others. (Note to book-to-film critics: Get over it.) A book and a film are two entirely different mediums and by definition one cannot be precisely parallel to the other, even if based on the same material. It's such a puerile, narrow-minded point of view to believe that a film has to mirror its source material with exact detail (something that, in many ways, is a wholly impossible task).<br /><br />Screenwriter Jay Wolpert, in a feature on the DVD, is asked how he responds to charges that his script greatly deviates from the novel. His response is to smile and say "Thank you! It wasn't my job to stay true to the book. My job was to make a movie, not film a book. If you want a dead-on version of the book - read the book. It's a good book! It's just not a movie." The point is that, in the end, the only thing that matters is that an excellent film has been made. It's with great pleasure, then, that I note that "The Count of Monte Cristo" is an outstanding adventure film that harkens back to a lost era.<br /><br />For starters, the film has a killer cast. Jim Caviezel makes for a pitch perfect Edmond Dantes. He adroitly conveys youthful, naive innocence at the beginning of the film and performs in an equally believable fashion as the older, wiser version of Dantes. You can see it in the way he walks, he carries himself differently, and he speaks with an assured resolve. Dantes time in prison has ravaged him to the point where he's left with only a single-minded determination to exact revenge at any cost. The transformation is sufficiently contrasted when Dantes first arrives back in Marseilles after his imprisionment. He's a slender, bearded, drab looking sort of fellow. At that moment, the film flashes back to Dantes earlier in the film, as the wide-eyed youthful boy who no longer exists.<br /><br />Guy Pearce, with his capacity for displaying the most elite arrogance at all the best moments, masterfully portrays the character of Fernand Mondego. Pearce captures the essence of Mondego, who can appear at times as a properly slick nobleman, but who is in reality unbelievably petty and hopelessly envious of Dantes. The stunningly beautiful (and undercast) Dagmara Dominczyk creates a terrific interpretation of Mercedes, the fiance of Dantes and eventual wife of Mondego. In many ways, she undergoes as vital a transformation as Dantes during her unhappy marriage. She feels trapped and isolated to the extent that she is wearily resigned to her fate. It isn't until Dantes reappears that she realizes there is a way out, and watching her character come to life should bring a smile to nearly anyone.<br /><br />The great Richard Harris, cast as Abbe Faria, is able to firmly establish the complexity of his character even though he is only in the film for about a half hour, a remarkable feat to be certain. Harris is one of the highlights in the film, and even injects a bit of levity into the story. For instance, when Dantes initially scoffs at the idea of Faria's idea of taking eight years to tunnel out of the prison, he responds "Does something else demand your time? Some pressing appointment, perhaps?" In his darker moments, such as when Faria is telling Dantes of his past misdeeds, it's clear that Harris delves deep within his own recesses to deliver the regret in his lines. Just listen to the well of emotion he is able to tap into when he delivers lines such as "I was ordered to burn down the church with them inside it." "Did you?", Dantes asks. "To my everlasting shame I did. . .I did."<br /><br />Edward Shearmur provides an appropriately sweeping score, the type which remains in your mind long after the film has ended. As for the cinematography, it is extraordinarily gorgeous. Filmed primarily in Ireland and Malta, the feature takes great pains to capture the sights and sounds of the era. It's astonishing the effort and detail put into the sets and seems so regrettable that, as Guy Pearce mentioned in a feature on the DVD, it was all simply torn down after filming. During the same feature, it details some of the production work such as the fact that the crew had the massive, imposing fountain in the carnivale scene custom made in England and shipped to Malta specially for that one scene.<br /><br />"The Count of Monte Cristo" is a sprawling story with dozens of characters and a myriad of threads. Any film is faced with quite a tall order attempting to condense the novel into only two hours of screentime. This film makes this massive missive into a concise and accessible package, which will no doubt encourage audiences to revisit the novel and take in all the extra nuances there. All the highlights from the novel are presented while all of the excess baggage is jettisoned. Further, the additions to the story (especially the revelation Albert's parentage) make for excellent cinematic moments. This film recalls the golden age of adventure films in that it is expertly paced, wonderfully filmed, and can be watched by audiences of any age.<br /><br />The DVD contains four major supplementary features including a superb making-of special titled "An Epic Reborn". Spanning over thirty minutes, this feature covers the life of the author Alexandre Dumas, an interview with the screenwriter, a look into creating the Napoleonic world including some set design, and a segment with the swordfight choreographer detailing how he plans and executes the swashbuckling scenes. Also of note are four deleted scenes, one of which is actually an alternate version of a scene, and all included with (non-optional) commentary with the director and film editor. Rounding out the features is a split-screen scene showing the multi-camera angles used and one complete scene from the film with all the audio components on different tracks, allowing the user to switch between them. The only thing missing is a theatrical trailer, but with the advent of the internet this can be viewed any time one wishes anyway.
Personally, I never read the book this story is based on so I think my look into the movie is on a movie itself scale which would be entirely different if you read the book.<br /><br />That said, the movie is fantastic in my opinion. As a viewer I was instantly pulled into the storyline and consistently brought to the edge of my seat moment after moment waiting for the next piece of action to occur. And I find it hard to believe but the moments when his revenge is enacted I felt a personal joy seeing Dante take it.<br /><br />The story itself, as mentioned by others as well, is about a man who is betrayed, locked away in a prison forever, forgotten, freed by a chance situation, given a great treasure, and with the means to do it given a chance to take revenge for being wronged.<br /><br />Yes, at times Dante is extravagant, as mentioned in other reviews, but I think the director was interweaving the current culture into the story to better adapt it to the audience so perhaps this was a necessary change. With our semi-materialistic world view where the bigger and flashier the more exciting it probably seemed like a good choice to keep us entertained. Yes, in the time of the book's release this would have been seen as silly but it keeps audiences today interested which perhaps is more important.<br /><br />Anyhow, this movie is a solid, fun, exciting movie and while it's not the sort you'll see reviewed as a groundbreaking gem to add to your collection it's definitely worth having if only to whip out from time to time. You'll enjoy this one.
I happened to catch this movie on television and loved it so much that I had to buy it.  It is a great story of such well-calculated revenge and the perfect example of "what goes around comes around".<br /><br />Others have complained that the filmmakers took quite a bit of "artistic freedom" in adapting the book to the movie format.  I guess I really don't mind that this was done.  Each individual work -- the book and the movie -- can stand alone as a well-crafted, entertaining story.  Many purists disagree, but that's what's great about reviews:  everyone is entitled to his/her own opinion.<br /><br />If you can look past the differences between the book and the movie, I think you will find that this is truly an enjoyable adventure.
I found this version more satifyling than the one with Richard Chamberline. Although the Caviezel version does not follow the book, the "boy getting the girl" in the end offers more satisfaction
Director Reynolds fashions a handsome, sweeping, exciting epic that keeps his audience glued in place. Pearce's Fernand is so despicably low, we cannot wait for the long-suffering Edmond to wreak vengeance. In this hugely entertaining picture, revenge is a dish served hot, and adventure fans are sure to feel sated by the end. Also, solid family viewing- with older children.
I have loved to watch this movie from the day it hit the movie theaters.  I now own it and watch it often.
I got it for my mom.  She really likes it.
One of the best movies I've seen.  Makes me feel good every time I watch it.  The good guys win.
A classic story with great acting. Great adventure. A great lesson in faith, endurance, courage. Maybe a little intense for young kids.
If you want to see the actual Dumas story, then don't watch this movie. But if you want to view an excellent movie, loosely based on the original, then DO see this movie! The film makers have gone out of their way to make the story more exciting, intriguing, and even satisfying (in places) than the original. Whereas the original is quite talky, this version is full of action, suspense, and drama--with an enjoyable satisfying climax. The acting and directing is excellent. Definitely worth seeing!
The Count of Monte Cristo is an enjoyable ride from beginning to end. Starring the handsome Jim Caviezel in the lead role of Edmond Dantes and the Count, the story takes you on a nonstop ride of adventure. Also starring Guy Pearce as his best friend turned enemy The Count Mondego. The Count of Monte Cristo will leave you breathless. Revenge is sweet for after being wrongly convicted of a crime, Edmond is sent to prison for 13 years, were he meets a compassionate priest played by Richard Harris. After the sudden death of the priest and the joyest escape, Edmond sets out on a journey of revenge. Slowly taking everything from his ex-best friend the Count Mondego, Edmond who is now the Count of Monte Cristo, hatches a plan to seek the ultimate revenge against the people who had plotted to ruin his life. With period costume designs by Tom Rand, and under the very capable direction of Kevin Reynolds, The Count of Monte Cristo is an adventure waiting to happen, with a few twists on the way.
I just can't understand why everyone hates this movie! Of all the adventure films Iv'e seen (which is a lot, by the way), this is my all-time favorite. Yes I like it better than Return of the King, Mask of Zorro, Pirates of The Carribbean, anything. It is a fun and entertaining swashbuckler set in 1800's France. Here is the story:<br /><br />Edmond Dantes (Jim Cavieziel) is a young sailor who is about to marry very beautiful Mercedes (Dagmara Dominczyk, in her best role). But his so-called friend, Fernand (Guy Pearce) betrays him and Edmond is sent to jail for 13 years. When he escapes, he finds millions of dollars in gold, and he uses this money to get into Fernand and Mercedes' lives to take revenge on them. Lots of swashbuckling and great acting ensues.<br /><br />But I beg you, do not listen to the reviewers who knock this movie to death. This is the best movie ever made, and if you don't like it, you just don't like movies.
I was going to leave a review saying something like, "Apart from the book, it's a good movie - but poor Mr. Dumas!  If I were him, I'd rise from the grave to haunt those filmmakers for what they did to my story..."  But then I saw all these excellent reviews here that had already addressed the subject and gave detailed explanations of how the movie was different from the book, what parts were changed the most, and whether those changes were justified. So I guess I will not repeat what has already been said so well; instead, I'll just tell you what I personally liked about the movie.<p>First of all I would like to say that whenever the movie mentions God, it is done in a very appropriate way, neither profane nor preachy. Another accomplishment that goes along the same line is the portrayal of Faria, who is a believer and at the same time a respectable figure. There have always been jerks among Christians, but there have always been admirable people as well. Sometimes moviemakers seem to forget that part.<p>Another reviewer mentioned that they appreciated not having to cover their kids' eyes because there were no sexually explicit scenes in the movie. I agree; there was one somewhat close, but it could have been so much worse since there is a love story involved. <p>Overall, it is a good movie. Love, friendship, betrayal, long suffering, fantastic escape, instant riches, revenge - everything you need for a great adventure, plus a deeper meaning to ponder.
"The Count of Monte Cristo" is a rendition of Dumas' 1844 novel.  It portrays the life of Edmond Dantes, a man falsly accused treason.  He is imprisoned for 13 years, and vows revenge on those who betrayed him.  Once he breaks out, he uncovers a ledgendary treasure, and buys a life as a count.  With this, he calculates his plan to avenge his life.  "The Count of Monte Cristo" is a film that encompasses action, drama, and even a little bit of comedy.  Guy Pearce ("Memento," "Ravenous") is phenomenal as the archetypal villian, and James Caviezel ("Angel Eyes," "Frequency") is very convincing.  It is a very classic action film ala "The Three Musketeers." (Coincidentally by the same author.... hmmmm)  "Count" on a good time with "The Count of Monte Cristo."
Going into the film I expected a good time, watching an okay movie and hanging with some pals. What I got was a good time, hanging with pals and watching an excellent movie! The much-filmed story gets restyled with youthful actors and an interesting script, not to mention the intriguing story. The story I am speaking of is that of Edmond Dantes (played with innocence and then anger by Jim Caviezel) who seems to be riding the high life with a new job as captain and a beautiful fiancee until he is arrested for treason. What Edmond doesn't know (at first) is that he has been set up by his jealous friend Ferdinand (played with evil smarmyness by Guy Pearce). With such high caliber acting and beautiful settings, it's tough not to be completely drawn into this story. I highly recommend that if you're going to the theaters this weekend, that you check this one out.
When I first saw this movie, I was surfing the limited channels on our television a week or so ahead of the time they would actually come on so that I could catch any that sounded promising. This was one of those. The description sounded good and a few of the actors' names sounded familiar, although I had never seen any of their movies to date.<br /><br />So, last night when my sister and I had nothing to do, we decided to switch it on. And let me tell you. It was worth it. Though a little confusing at times, I found this movie highly enjoyable. It also made sense, which was good. There seemed to be a reason for everything.<br /><br />And, okay I'll just say it. One of the main reasons this is such a good movie is because Jim Caviezel was the main character. Like I said, I had never seen any of his movies (and I still haven't exept for this one, of course) so, I was somewhat surprised to see how hot he was. I mean, yes, it did take some time for me to see the full extent of it, but when I did, I couldn't stop talking and thinking about it.<br /><br />You would think that it was utterly impossible for a man to look hot in all the stages of his life, miserable as it was at times. I mean, he looked hot in every single scene. Especially as the Count.<br /><br />Basically this is a movie about revenge. Edmund Dontes is in love with this girl named Mercedees, but can't marry her because he is too poor to buy a ring. He is charged with high treason for delivering a letter for someone, and is sent to prison at a horrible place where he stays for 13 years. Meanwhile Mercedees and his best friend, who actually helped frame him, get married. Edmund escapes and finds all this treasure and gets really rich. He then decides to get revenge on everyone who wronged him.<br /><br />This is a pretty good movie. I wouldn't give it five stars though. Probably about 4.5 or something. But Jim Caviezel helps a bunch. He is a really good actor. I guess you won't know 'til you watch it.
This movie provides one of the best film interpretations of Dumas' book I've seen.  Although much of the plot is cut out, realistically this movie is a great adaptation of an amazing book.  If you choose to see this movie, be sure to read the unabridged version of the book as well.  Even if you're not in it for the literature, this movie is an exciting watch regardless.
Because I read the Count of Monte Cristo in it's entirety three times in high school I was disappointed with the liberties the director has taken in this cinematic version of the film.  It starts out fine but about 1/5th of the way into the movie it begins to depart dramatically from the book.  I guess if you have never read the book the movie might be ok but I was so hoping to see the whole story of the Count of Monte Cristo told in all it's glory in the DVD.  The story line is based loosely on the story as written by Alexandre Dumas but it departs in very significant ways from the book so much so that by the end it doesn't resemble the book at all.
Now THIS is the way more movies should be! This is an old-fashioned, well-made, well-acted, exciting, interesting film, telling a fine tale in a fine fashion.<br /><br />The acting is superb, the cinematography is beautiful, the sets and locations are flat-out breathtaking...<br /><br />"The Count of Monte Cristo" is the name of one of those books you were either forced to read in high school, or the name of a book you wanted to read but never got around to it.<br /><br />This movie will a) make you re-read the book because it was clearly better than you remember or b) make you go out and buy the book immediately.<br /><br />A synopsis is not necessary; there are a few hundred written below.<br /><br />Jim Caviezel and Guy Pierce are terrific, as they usually are. Richard Harris' turn as Priest is effective as well.<br /><br />The story deviates from the novel in ways that make it a better two-hour movie. This is not a word-for-word adaptation; it's not meant to be. There are some fairly major deviations, but they honestly make for a better film. The film is not meant to supplant the book...but BOY does it make you want to go read.<br /><br />And THAT's high praise indeed!
Only an eternal optimist expects great things from a book-to-screen adaptation.  This  optimist expected at least good things from this 2002 version of Dumas' classic tale of revenge, mostly due to the casting of Guy Pearce and James Caviezel.  But just a few short minutes into the film, it becomes apparent that this was going to be the &quot;Count of Monte Cristo&quot; in name only.<p>In my view the power of the book rests in the character of Edmond Dantes (later the Count).  In the film version, Monte Cristo is depicted as a rich fool, unable to command respect and totally devoid of subtlety: witness the deus ex machina hot air balloon entrance of the Count onto the Paris scene.  How absurd! In Dumas' exquisite story, Monte Cristo wielded an unquestionable power over all he came in contact with.  Quite the opposite is true of Caviazel's Cristo.  But this is just the tip of the proverbial iceberg.  The movie lacks character development of even the few antagonists and protagonists it chose to include.  As one reviewer noted, the book Monte Cristo was able turn his enemies into monkeys, while this film just makes a monkey of itself.<p>Taken as completely separate from the book, this is a decent film.  The acting, costume and set design, and action sequences are very respectable. This is an average movie in and of itself.  It becomes less than average strictly because of its association with a sublime work of French literature, which is resembles not.
If you've ever wondered where the good adventure films have gone, look no more.  The Count of Monte Cristo is a fun romp into a classic Dumas work.  Swordfights, escape sequences, and interesting characters played perfectly are sprinkled around this work.  Jim Caviezel is perfect in his role: quietly powerful.  He manages to go from wide-eyed innocence from the beginning to steely cynicism as he wallows in Chateau D'If for crimes he didn't commit.  Dagmara Dominczyk is beautiful and fills the &quot;requirements&quot; needed for Caviezel's romantic interest -- however, the woman needs to learn how to enunciate her words better.  Mumbling is not very becoming.<p>In contrast, Guy Pearce's Fernand is a joy to behold.  Pearce takes his character to the extreme, much to the audience's delight.  Richard Harris's Abbe Faria is also great to watch.<p>My only real quibble with the film is the horrid cinematography during the evening scenes, and in some of the prison scenes.  Yes, it is supposed to be dark.  But the lack of lighting during the opening sequences and the escape scene dampened the excitement.  You can't get excited over a fight you can't see.  And I was watching this film on a 36&quot; Sony XBR flat screen.  If I couldn't see anything, no one can.
It won't trouble the Oscar voters, it won't stimulate intense discussion and debate, but by crikey, this adaptation of Dumas' classic novel will make you forget about the drudgery of life for a couple of hours.<p>This, in my opinion, is Kevin Reynolds best film since Fandango...and it's been some time!  He sticks to a formula of being fairly true to the book and keeping it simple - doing just enough to produce a piece of total entertainment.  He is of course working with great source material, and yes, we all know the story, but it's still great fun and thoroughly enjoyable.<p>Jim Caviezel is simply spot on as the hard-done-by-hero Edmund Dantes.  As he showed in Angel Eyes, no-one does doe-eyed innocence like Jim, and he simply smoulders as the vengeful Count.  He has the screen presence of a 1940s movie idol - tall, broad, quiet and dignified - and you thought they didn't make 'em like that anymore! And, as he demonstrated in The Thin Red Line and Frequency, he is a fine actor. If they have any sense, producers will be queuing up to give him the sort of meaty roles that will guarantee him leading man status.<p>Guy Pearce has fun as the evil Count Mondego. Kudos to the hair-dressing department for creating a "do" worthy of Best Supporting Hair Piece status, but I think he thinks he is Alan Rickman in Robin Hood:Prince of Thieves, but he just doesn't quite cut it.  <p>The leading lady is suitably beautiful and Richard Harris again turns in a scene-stealing supporting performance.<p>Yes, there are big old holes in the plot, but, if you're willing to check your brain at the door and be entertained, then buy a big bucket of popcorn, put your feet up and enjoy every minute of action and every frame of fabulous scenery in this movie.  Yes, it is fluff...but marvellously escapist fluff at that.  In a time of such horror and violence in the world, a film like this is surprisingly welcome.
The DVD was from the wrong region - didn't even know that was possible. So irritated I didn't want to mess with return process.Still don't have my DVD,  ) :
