If you thought "Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla" had to be the worst Sammy Petrillo movie, think again. In 2007 I said of Petrillo's performance in that vastly better (!) production "...be advised that Sammy Petrillo may be the most annoying man in show business," and in retrospect that was generous. "Keyholes are for Peeping" features Petrillo in a dual role: he plays Stanley Bebble, nerdy newly-minted marriage counselor, and Mrs. Bebble, his mother. The obvious reason to see this would be because it was made by Doris "Nude on the Moon" Wishman, and after watching this disaster you will be pining for the moon dolls (even the one in the disgusting brown outfit.) I have certainly not seen her entire catalogue, but this almost certainly has to be Wishman's worst (I hope so, anyhow.)<br /><br />This transfer of the film is horrendous, but I can't imagine it looked good right from the processor in 1972. The lighting and locations are among the ugliest and most depressing I have ever seen (note especially the early dream sequence,) but the costumes and hair are even worse. Worst of all is the script and acting, which is a career low for all involved. Pacing is nonexistent, nobody has even remotely rational or realistic actions, and the best performance is from Cocoa Stahl, who is a dog. No really, she's a canine. The story is pure Wishman, and finds Stanley as a marriage counselor who can't get his own life together with his fianc&eacute;e Katie (Kristen Steen,) despite all the various plot distractions of the film. Even the interrupted vacuum cleaner scene, which is intended to be titillating, can't make this film fun. Nor can the worst (and least suggestive) shower scene I can ever recall seeing.<br /><br />Stanley hangs out a shingle and starts giving out business cards (handwritten business cards typically captivate the highest paying customers, I hear.) He has to overcome problems with Katie and his mother, and deal with Manuel (Philip Stahl,) the building superintendent of the New York dump who is also the peeper-in-chief. As an aside, I hope you like vaudeville music and slide whistles, because if you do, you will want to buy the soundtrack; if you don't you will want to invest in earplugs. The film is supposedly risqu&eacute; and I imagine it would still get an "R" today, but believe me when I tell you there is nothing enjoyable about the tawdriness of this film. At all. A better title might have been "Ugly People in Terrible Situations."<br /><br />Eventually Stanley gets two couples on the hook for group therapy, and after counseling Cocoa (I'm not kidding,) the onscreen action turns positively oily, and the film devolves to a huge fracas where Katie and Manuel join in the maelstrom of physical and situation comedy that wraps up the movie in a totally predictable, yet offputtingly seedy way that will make you want to take a long shower (cold is fine.)<br /><br />"Keyholes are for Peeping" is an abomination, and the transfer is its equal. While Wishman was a true pioneer and had an unnatural ability to make oddly risqu&eacute; films, everything about this film is poor, most significantly casting Sammy Petrillo in the lead: in "Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla" he comes across as an impoverished man's imitation Jerry Lewis, here his long hair and need for some cosmetic dentistry (especially unappealing in drag) make this an absolute chore to watch. Mercifully it was his final role.
