Although this movie is broke up into two different parts, it was very good.  Since the movie was done in two parts, the second one repeats a lot as if one was not there to view the first part.  I did not like that at all.  The point to this movie is really good.  I'm actually going to send it to someone that has held "life" against God.  This is an excellent ministering tool!!
This DVD was very helpful for those who had lost a loved one in our family of faith. It was able to show that we are not alone in our loss or pain and that while our loved ones are gone from here --- they are still with us in spirit. It made our faith stronger and brought our family closer together in God's love. Louie Giglio is a Christian who's spirit sends a loving message from his heart.
The whole Passion Series is life changing, a must have for any Christian household that has teenagers and young adults.  Louie has wonderful approach to teaching about the magnificence of God, the Creater of Heaven and Earth!  My  16 year old niece was so impressed and awe-struck after viewing "How Great is Our God" and "Indescribable" that she ended up taking the whole series home with her to share with all her friends.  Needless to say, I let her keep them and purchased a new series for myself. I am going to be showing my Bible study group "How Great is Our God" tonight as we have a skeptic in our group.  I know this video will dispel any doubts she may have about God!  The "Hope" video is equally inspiring in a different way, more focused on real life rather than creation.  It is a compliment to the "Fruitcake and Ice Cream" video which deals with a real life story of a young college student who comes to know Christ.
This is an amazing video for those who are suffering. When life hurts most, when the bottom falls out, when tragedy strikes I need to know, "Is there still hope for me?" Louie answers a resounding YES. He explores the topic of suffering better than anyone I've heard. I was deeply inspired by this two-part video series. I recommend you buy it if you're hurting.
This DVD is the third in the Passion 2006 series done by Louie Giglio.  The four videos go in order, so it is helpful to see them in order to follow the story throughout all of them.  However, having said that, this is still a very moving presentation about pain, suffering, and hope.  I would recommend this for high school and older, for Christians and non-Christians.<br /><br />You can watch this with someone who is suffering, and no one has to say a word at the end.  It is not intrusive or offensive, but is comforting because it is about the God who is truly big enough to comfort anyone in the worst circumstances in life.  And everyone experiences them at some point.  With this Hope presentation, and with all of them in the series, you definitely will sense that God does the supernatural "heavy lifting" that no human possibly can.<br /><br />Excellent for mentoring teens and older.  The audience in the video is largely college age.  Highly recommended!
This is an awesome addition to your movie collection!... A great tool to use to witness to others. All four are great and I think that you need all four. We own all four and even our children are interested in the series. They even repeat things that are stated in the serious. We are all amazed at the topics and images. You will have to see this for yourself. If you have viewed any of the others, Hope is a must view as well. There really are not any words to describe the experience of viewing Hope. Also there is no statement that can tell you the experience of owning all four to share with others. You never know when you may encounter someone who may need what is in this series and you to can use this series to win souls, and bring someone out of the darkness and into the light.<br /><br />Our souls have truly been blessed by this series... we plan to bless others when they visit us with this series. Go ahead and Bless yourself, family, and friends with this awesome series, make sure you get all four and view them all. We tried to view them in the order that they are listed inside of the dvd. I don't know if it matters, as it is just what we did. Now we are waiting on the Blind side to come out.. Enjoy! You won't be the same! A treat for the whole family, friends, church family, and the neighborhood! Don't forget the popcorn! We use the crazy popcorn popper it is awesome with movies or without!<br /><br />This is one series that we are glad we did not pass by... all cultures will and should enjoy this!<br /><br />Always watch what you do and say to others as you never know what they are going through, or the impact you will have on them, and you never know who you are entertaining.<br /><br />Keep up the Good Work Louie Giglio!
This two part video tells where our only Hope lies, in Jesus Christ.  Louis is a great communicator who uses stories about real people and the Word of God to point out our only hope when difficulties in life arise, and they will.  It is a great resource for encouragement when life's hurts hit.  I recommend it to anyone, believer in Christ or not.
Great encouragement on the intricate involvement in the lives of people. I actually sent the DVD's to friends going through challenges with their 17 year old son who has left home.
Louie has some of the most inspirational an thought provoking sermons I have ever heard. He is truly anointed!
