I bought this movie because I remembered seeing it 22 years ago when I was in junior high school...(Wait..it's been 22 years already??? Yikes!)....My friend and I rented this movie over and over and had it totally memorized.  It scared us half to death.  I could not believe I found it again, so I bought it.  I admit that it was not as scary as it used to seem when I was younger, but keeping in mind that the movie is really old, I still have to say that it's impressive.  The acting isn't the best in the world, but the plot is weird, and the music is creepy!  What I noticed after seeing it again after 22 years is that a lot of scary movies that later made it BIG (such as Friday the 13th and Amityville Horror) seemed to &quot;copy&quot; techniques from this movie.  I wonder if some of the same people were involved in making the movies.  The movie isn't TOO gory to show to older children, except for two parts.  One part shows a little too much skin (briefly) and a couple of other parts are fairly suggestive.  A couple of ways that the people get killed are pretty funny.  I feel kind of bad to bust out laughing when somebody gets killed in a movie, but it's only a movie.  I gave this movie 5 stars because I think it was good for its time.  If you like creepy old movies, you'll probably like this.
This movie will give you nightmares! It is awesome! Usually I would say watch it alone in the dark BUT DO NOT WATCH IT ALONE! This movie is pretty hard to find these days too and sort of pricey. It needs to be re-released on DVD.
Sigmund Freud could have written the script, had not the religious people in this film been described as pretty normal. Or at least, their religion is not their problem. But still, killing your mother's lover and then trying to live on sounds like something that would have come straight out of Freud's own dark subconscious.<br /><br />Synthersizer music, women with straight long hair and the colours (among other things) give an early eighties feeling, which of course always is a good thing. The story is not very original, but not uncreative either. A broken mirror and a man who has been dead for 20 years make people bleed, scared or dead. If Michael Myers wears a Halloween mask, Jason a hockey mask, this guy wears a stocking over his head. That's original, but not independent.<br /><br />The film is never scary, but neither uninteresting; actually it's rather fascinating and entertaining.
