Although this is a must have for every Blind Melon fan, It is a great DVD for rock fans to own. The music is great, the concert is excellent. The Bonus material includes 3 tracks recorded live on muchMusic. You might have gotten a little taste from the metro concert if you've seen Blind melon's Letters from a porcupine DVD, where some footage of this concert is shown. Bottom line: If you like blind melon or similar bands like pearl jam, stone temple pilots or alice in chains, I definitely recommend this DVD!
I now have a renewed appreciation for Blind Melon.  I had no idea how great of a live band they were.  I have always been a big fan of there music but did not get a chance to see them live.  If your a Blind Melon fan this is a must have and if your not you wouldn't be sorry with this purchase.  A group that can not be labeled...I miss the 90's.
This is a must have for any Blind Melon fan.  I highly suggest this video.
Sort of miss these guys. Let's face it, they were a good grunge / alternative act. 'Live At The Metro' is a good twenty-two song DVD that's sure to fully satisfy any true fan. The gig was taped on September 27, 1995. Soon there after, vocalist Shannon Hoon was found dead on the tour bus from a drug overdose, effectively ended the band's career. Have to respect that. I mean, at least they don't vow to go on, like Inxs does. Tracks of this performance that I thoroughly enjoyed were "Tone of Home", "Soak The Sun", "Lemonade", the unforgetable "No Rain", "Paper Scratcher" and Lou Reed's "After Hours". Picture quality on this DVD is really quite good. Check out the wide angle shots when several patrons are being passed over the crowd like that of a lifeless dummy. It's ironic, because when I saw the band, a year eariler, I remember the EXACT same behavior from the crowd. One thing you might notice about a Blind Melon concert, they sure know how to charm their audience. During a couple of songs,I thought they sort of sounded like Jane's Addiction. You'll see what I mean when you see this DVD. A should-have.
This dvd is a great buy if you are a blind melon fan. No one gets into music as much as Shannon Hoon and this item has immortalized one of Shannon's last performances for all to enjoy. R.I.P Shannon and thanks for the music you have left for us.
I always liked Blind melon and never got to see them live before the tragic death of their lead singer Shannon Hoon.  This gave me the chance to get a feel for their live shows.  Good sound quality and video overall.  I highly recommend it.
This show is great rough and tough showing of this band.Hood is amazing performing live although his voice is a little rough thats what live music is all about!Alot of great songs from soup and the mtv hits no rain and tones of home.Sum extra much music brings this dvd to a end hope ya like it as much as i do.
Sadly only 3 weeks before Shanon's trajic end, he is as free spirited as they come. In this classic performance the essence of the 90's is perfectly captured as Blind Melon burns there mark in Rock n Roll history.
This is a great DVD. They play their favorite song "No Rain". I just wish Shannon Hoon (lead singer) didn't get his hair cut so short.
It was a christmas gift and the receiver love it. It came on time and saved me time to enjoy the Holidays.
This is a great live show.<br /><br />I would recommend this if you liked the band, and if you don't, well then, you don't know what you're talking about and why are you wasting time reading this review- go search for Maneudo you pansy!<br /><br />Anyway, this was a small venue show and really does a great job of capturing the feel and the energy that was in the room that night.  I wish I could have been there.  You really get to see how talented they were as a band and how truly strange Shannon Hoon really was. He was a great loss to the music world.
if u are a blind melon fan or just a music fan i assure u that this is the best dvd u will ever buy.  Shannon hoon was a genius and this dvd is great.
I don't know what the other reviewers have been watching.<br />Luckily, I searched youtube for some excerpts from this concert before buying it, and it is so painful to watch.<br />Shannon Hoon would be dead shortly after this concert, and the reason is quite obvious when looking at this footage. Shannon looks so stoned he can barely stand. His voice sounds accordingly...<br />Poor guy, I felt so sorry for him.<br />I purchased the "Letters from a porcupine" dvd, instead.
I always want to see Blind Melon in a Dvd and i think that is a real good Recital, whit the bonus tracks in Much Music. The songs are very nice, the sound is the worst thing but is not a problem. Well, if you are a Blind Melon fan, you have to buy this dvd.
What a terrible DVD. I'm no pessimist, this was recorded horribly. Either Shannon Hoon's voice is awful or the recording was. I suspect it was the latter. I will admit, I'm not a hardcore Blind Melon fan, but I'd downloaded some of their songs like mouth full of cavities et al..and was very impressed. I read the previous reviews and took the gamble of buying the DVD. What a mistake. I also bought Alice in Chains Unplugged which is excellent. If you want to see a grown man wearing makeup and flaling his hands like an octopus while shreeking to the crowd buy this. Otherwise save your money.
