DVD only works first 5 minutes, movie scratched. Movie continues to not work even after out threw cleaning machine. Waste of money!
Growing up as a teenager I always had my favorite comedy and favorite stars. This movie arrived on time. Great condition and just happy with my products! Memories are back :)
I had recentley bought scary movie 1. i love that movie. i got and it was great. i give it 5 stars *****
I love Anna Faris; she's such a... She is so young in this movie, it almost doesn't look like her. Anyway, have fun with parodies of the new genre of scary movies. It's stupid fun.
this is a really funny movie click the add to cart button because youll be laughing your butt off the entire time (NOT FOR KIDS HAS NUDITY AND BAD JOKES AND CUSSING)
I'm one of those people who is all for parodies, especially one making fun of Ghostface, and I know what you did last Summer. I bought this movie for my birthday sleepover so all of my friends could watch it, and I could keep it for myself. It was a big hit! Some of the scenes may be EXTREMELY crude, but it isn't going overboard too much, so it was insanely funny to watch. So, if you love to watch parodies, I would definatly recommend this movie! But if you want something more along the lines of a Parody about horror characters like Freddy, Jason, Michael, pinhead, and others, watch the movie Stan Hellsing. It is by the same director, so if you like this movie, you'll definately love Stan Hellsing too!
This isn't in the same league as Airplane! or Spaceballs. Here, the humor is more crude and . . . well . . . stupider. You won't get much toilet humor here, though. It's more about sex, homosexuality, stupid teenage girls, stoners, and, of course, the horror films of the late 90's. From "Scream" to "I Know What You Did Last Summer," It's always nice to see a spoof of these silly teenage horror flicks that give only cheap thrills. And not only that, there's even some "Matrix" and "Usual Suspects" thrown in. Despite its lack of originality, this is still very funny. So what if it's downright stupid? It's a comedy! It's made to make us all laugh. And MAN, did it make me laugh?<br /><br />I'm not really into the more recent spoofs (like "Epic Movie" and "Dance Flick") that fail in many levels, but the first two "Scary Movie" flicks I really enjoyed watching. The first one, in particular, has to be the funniest out of all of them.
This is my second favorite of all the scary movies in the series. This was when the series wasn't getting boring and repetitive. The scary movie series kind of started a new era when it comes to movie spoofs. I have to say I am a huge scary movie fan but the comedy in this movie is hilarious. They use spoofs from all kinds of movies from scream, Halloween. The movie flowed well and the content well it was a little over the edge that's what made the scary movie series great. The third and fourth one seemed softer and since they knew they were going to get viewers either way I feel they made it softer and PG-13 so more kids could watch it. Overall this is definitely worth a look for one time around. I would even recommend that you pick up the second DVD as well but I would not go buy the third or fourth. A funny movie and something to watch with your friends.
A really good parody! I found thuis movie quite funny! I think it was a great movie. I think it is super funny. I think it is a greatm Spoof of I Know What You Did Last Summer & Scream very funny! :)
Guys! if you have seen "Scream" and "I know what u did last summer" then this movie would be the best ever seen comedy movie for u. I would call it the dangerous comedy movie. It is actually the parody of classic horror movies filled with "high end vulgar comedy" by Wayan brothers.
It was a great spoof movie.  I was cracking up all the way through.  Much much better than "Not Another Teen Movie".  If you don't like spoofs,vulgarity, drug references and the like, then you won't like this.
the first time i watched this movie...i could not stop laughing from the beginning. i came out with my side aching from laughing and my mouth hurting from grinning. i watch it the other day and eperiance the same reaction. this movie is a must see film for those who enjoy the wayan brothers and for those who watched 'I Know What You Did Last Summer'  and 'Scream'. Watching this movie makes you laugh instead of scream when you do get around to wacthing these horror movies again. Get this movie you won't regret it!!
I erased my initial 3-star review because it wasn't totally fair. I watched this a second and third time, and I tell you, I'm almost ready to give this 5 stars, but I won't. The first time, I couldn't fully appreciate the crass humor, but I realize that it is a classic. But it's still a classic I'm unwilling to give 5 stars.<br /><br />Along with the Wayans' brand of comedy, comes an unshakeable annoyance at some of their jokes because of their juvenility. Unlike White Chicks, the Wayans show no restraint with their toilet and sexual humor in Scary Movie. Why does every joke have to revolve around sex? Are the Wayans Brothers that sexually obsessed? All in all, it's a funny picture if you can abandon your decent sensibilities for a little while and just have fun. That's what I did, and I'll not hesitate to watch it again and again. Scary Movie is also the funniest in the 4 part series.
"Scary Movie" parodies a number of teen scare flicks and other horror or suspense movies. A viewer who has seen movies such as "Scream", "I Know What You Did Last Summer", "The Sixth Sense", and "The Blair Witch Project" will better understand some of the jokes and sight gags around which the thin story line revolves.<br /><br />This movie is not for anyone with delicate sensibilities, as everything, including erect male sex organs, pubic hair, flatulence, and other usually taboo subjects, are ripe for gags, most of which, while filthy, are often funny. If you do not like your jokes down and dirty, then this movie is definitely not for you.
Scary Movie is an instant movie classic.Director Keenan Ivory Wayans outdies himself in a spoof of horror films involving an innocent teenager named Cindy Campbell who's being stalked by a goofy killer in a cheap rendition of Scream.Though funny to watch,Scary Movie also has it's share of gross-out gags and laughs.The way Wayans slanders horror films is so funny that you can't help but laugh out loud.
I love this movie.  I laughed through the whole movie. If you haven't watched this movie, then I suggest that you do.  However, DO NOT LET YOUR KIDS WATCH.  That is, unless you don't mind them watching 'R' rated movies.  Just remember its rating, so you can know what to expect.
Whathever, the movie has no plot, which i think is what makes it so funny.The sex stuff is also funny!<br /><br />The opening scene of the patio of drew barrymore looks just like the one in scream.The movie also makes fun of the blair witch project , i know what you did last summer , scream 2, matrix , and charlie's angels.<br /><br />There is something that is really funny about Anna Farri's performance. This is great.
It's a funny movie, though funny-stupid. It's the parody of couple of the movies, which makes it even more interesting and funny. "I know what you did last summer", "Scream", and "The Matrix" are couple of the movies that you might recognize while watcing Scary movie. It's dumb, but it's funny. You don't have to think a lot while watchig it. Fun to watch with a group of people.
Very hilarious but disgusting in the same time :P<br />Anna Faris is great at acting and she can really change her whole reality character!<br /><br />  About the movie, if you are in the mood of laughing then what r u waiting for?! Just watch it and have fun!
Scary Movie~ Jon Abrahams is one of the best parodies of all time. They have like totally hit the horror genre right on. The movies that they spoof are plentifull, like I know what you did last summer, scream ofcourse, and many others. Ann Faris is right on the mark with her like parody of Cindy in the scream movies. Some of my favortite scenes are the scene when cindy talks with her father, the carmen electra death scene, cindy getting wasted and the garage scene with the fake 40's (gotta love the labels like cult 45, killer and satan) with first like a the classic cat scene and then a horse?. The music is also carbon copy of bad horror movies and the acting is over the top just like in bad horror movies. This is a movie not to be missed. Highly recommended.
Silly humor is probably one of the trickiest art forms.  Parodies also fall into that category.  And this film is a perfect examples of what separates an amusing movie from a classic.<br /><br />To begin with, a lot of this humor is just too lowbrow.  I have nothing against lowbrow, but gross out jokes get old real fast, so you've got to have something else.  Unfortunately, this movie has too many one joke scenes that stretch on too long.  It's a very fine line between funny and kind of stupid, and clearly the Wayans Bros. don't always know the difference.<br /><br />The other fatal flaw involves parodies.  When you make a beat-for-beat parody, you risk losing the part of the audience that hasn't seen what you're making fun of.  There were jokes here based on fads I had to strain to remember.  And we're talking about a movie made about five years ago.<br /><br />It's an okay film with a few chuckles.  Nothing special.  If you're a fan of the genre, you'll probably enjoy it once or twice.  But that's about it.
Man this is funny. This is the type of comedy I can keep watching forever. I just saw someone give this a one star. WHAT! This was hilarous. The second one was better though but I still give this a five. On the next scary movie they should make fun of chucky or jason. That would be nice to see
Very funny. I watched it about five years ago so I do not remember a thing, but I remember I loved it and laughed with all my strength. Back then it was on of my favorite movies. I watched it almost every day. The best from the SCARY MOVIE trilogy is the second one, for me. I loved it. One of the best comedy movies ever. If you like strong crude and sexual, gross humor, you will love SCARY MOVIE, specially the second one.<br /><br />Watch this one. You'll have a time full of laughter and entertainment.
Scary Movie is a parody of several films; I know What You Did Last Summer, Scream, The Exorcist, even Matrix.<br /><br />Though not a masterpiece, it is a funny movie, guaranteed to provide more than a just a few laughs.  The casting is very good, and the story very well written.<br /><br />Overall, it is a movie definitely worth watching, and even though quite silly at times, it will surely put you in a good mood!
Seen the first, 2nd would probably be just as boring. They are rated 2 to 3 stars that isn't much and really i didn't find this briliant so the 2nd would get boring too. It is a little bit like scream, but scream is much better. Because the set is stupid on this like at the begginning, she sees the murderer and he sits laughing and it looks a little bit silly. Scream is more serious than this it is more freaky for people and scream is way better.
Honestly, I wanted nothing to do with this film coz I can't stand the films it was spoofing.  It's basically doing for &quot;Scream&quot; era slashers(one of the worse subgenres is cinematic history) what &quot;Student Bodies&quot; did for heyday slasher flicks(I suggest seeing that film as well).  I did watch it though coz I was impressed with the way the Wayans brothers spoofed &quot;in the hood&quot; films, and I thought they just might be able to pull it off.  Well,  I found this movie funny-in fact, very funny!  Funnier than I was expecting.  The jokes are all hit and miss like a Zucker Brothers film, but the good ones are very good.  Believe it or not, it actually takes some intelligence to come up with such stupid jokes.  There are certainly those who hate it for it's crudeness, but what do you expect when you're dealing with the Wayans brothers?  I admire the fact that they don't wimp out and go the PG-13 route.  My hat goes off to the Wayans brothers-if they continue to make them, I'll continue to watch.
So thats where that saying comes from. This movies takes the sheer mickey out of all the teen scream movies of the 90s era... and does it well.  Basing it's storyline on the Scream series, you get a storyline that becomes so funny that you know sequels are going to be made...Even if they said it's not going to happen. (of course it has, twice).<br />The opening scene with Carmen Electra is a real hoot and as for the bedroom scene in the middle...
This is a great spoof of horror movies and it shows just how dumb some horror movies are.  Yes it is a very crude movie with lots of sexuel refrences, it will still make you laugh.  Not for younger viewers.  So don't let your kids watch it unless you watch it first.  This is the second best in the series.  The third one is the best and the second one is my least favorite because it was way to gross.  Good features in this disk, all in all, this is a great buy.  I hope they bring out a box set when the third comes out onto dvd.  Oh ya, the fourth one is coming out soon.
The idea of Scary Movie seemed great,but the results aren't so great.Entertaining to say the least,up the story line follows Scream to closely for most of the movie.Some of the humor is funny,but I don't really care to see women with male body parts or male parts in someones ear.
i liked this movie alot, but there were some things that were boring and sexual. If you want a funny movie this is it, but be ready for some R scenes. WARNING: dont let this movie fall into a 10 or unders hands, it might be too much. there were some bare laughs but its a (dirty) movie sorta. This movie is not scary!
First of all, this film is not for serious film purists, unless you enjoy the total absurdity of life at large. Yeah, it's a parody, but it's so much better than the many films it parodies (Scream, I Know What You Did...etc.). The Wayans always only want to have fun, and I respect comparisons to ZAZ and the Farrely's.  Aside from inspired casting (Ric Ducommun as the dad and Lochlyn Munro as the helpless cameraman), the others take this script (no doubt with loads of improv) to great levels. Anna Faris should win an award somewhere, if only because she played this whole idiot role with a straight face and ultimate conviction; she's a riot, a rare comedian who doesn't pretend to to be funny. A real natural! Regina Hall is particularly delightful when she's being intimate with Roy, but all he wants is to see her in his football outfit. The rapid-fire script adds to this when she's in the theatre and annoys everyone...my favorite was when the Pope jumps up and says "You ruined "Big Momma's House" (how many people caught that?). I don't know; it's so funny ALL the time, and repeated viewings make me find new stuff to laugh at. The good looking Dave Sheridan made himself look so goofy as Doofy, and I appreciated Andrea Nemeth's performance as Heather as a direct take-off of Reese Witherspoon in "ELECTION", a really fine film.  Cheri Oteri, the Wayans guys, Shannon Elizabeth...all a treat. Everything about this film is a treat, if you know how to kick back and mellow. If you don't know the films it's parodying, it will still make you laugh...unless you're so jaded that you've forgotten how...
SCary Movie is hilarious!! It's a total spoof on all of the Teen horror/thriller movies like the Scream series, I Know What You Did Last Summer and Urban Legend. The Wayans came out swinging with this one and scored a KO. Scary Movie will have you laughing from beginning to end.<p>Honest to God, funniest scene in the entire movie is when the Gym Teacher (Ms Mann) crosses her legs. Oh and by the way, there is a lot of sexual humor in this movie and of course some nudity and drug use and swearing but other than that, it's funny as hell. I wouldn't suggest this to any younger viewers because of that reason. I just think that it has too much sexual comedy that younger viewers either won't get it or take it the wrong way.<p>Scary Movie is a total plus. Get this one and while you're at it, get the movies that it makes fun of like the Scream series and Urban Legend. Just to add to your collection. Again, excellent movie!
This movie was the best it was so funny! I definately recomend it and Scary Movie 2! Both will leave you falling out of your chair in laughter!
It's about time slasher movies were poked fun at. They're such an old, abused form of horror. &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is a funny parody of the formula that works well. While much of the humor is sick and vulgar, it doesn't get over-excessive like the awful &quot;Not Another Teen Movie.&quot; We get pot-shots at spooky flicks like &quot;Scream,&quot; &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer,&quot; &quot;The Sixth Sense,&quot; as well as jabs at &quot;The Usual Suspects,&quot; &quot;Baywatch,&quot; and &quot;Kazaam.&quot; The plot is appropriately ridiculous and the humor is uproariously funny. &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is the best of the recent film parodies.
This movie was surprisingly better than I expected it would be.  Seeing how those 'Scream' type movies got stale so fast, I figured it wouldn't be that good, but it was better than expected.  The directing was good, the scenes worked quite well, and the actors were all pretty well suited for their roles.  The movie was extremely funny, some of my faves included Cindy's quite 'untypical' father, and the scene at the movie theater.  The movie even contained a shock ending.  And Anna Faris has got to be the hottest actress in the business today.  However, the movie certainly wasn't perfect. My biggest gripe was the overuse of a certain part of the male anatomy. Seeing how the primary audience of this movie would be males, I don't see why they had to include that. However, outside of that, there was pretty much no problems at all.
Scary Movie has got to be the funniest film that i have seen this year.  After seeing Sream and I know What You Did Last Summer, its a refreshing change to watch a film like this.  From the opening scenes with Carmen Electra aka Drew getting killed to the twist with officer dewby the film is just so funny.  There are loads of micky takes from other films with the Matrix being one of them.  If you are a fan of teen flicks then this will be good to watch as its lighthearted and puts the other films in their place
This would be a great movie to watch with a large group of people. THere are far too many, shall we say, disgusting parts to actually sit down and watch this one on your own. While Scary Movie does have its moments (The I know what you did last summer (or Halloween) scene is great), there are enough other problems to overshadow the funny parts. Had they left out most of the sex jokes, it would have been a much better movie.
Parody films are always a dicey venture. They're the easiest type of comedy to do, but can be the hardest to do right. SCARY MOVIE actually pulls it off, but not enough to call it a success.<p> Strike One: Parodies of Slasher films are nothing new; even most slasher films tend not to take themselves seriously these days. SCREAM was one of those, practically a satire of its own origins. Since SCARY MOVIE is really only a parody of two films, SCREAM and I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER (and a brief nod to... THE MATRIX and THE USUAL SUSPECTS?), this means it is partially a parody of a satire. (Quick Trivia Note: SCARY MOVIE was actually the original working title for SCREAM!)<p> Strike Two: Parodies usually make fun of inherent cliches within a genre. Being essentially a parody of only two films, this translates into copying actual scenes and dialogue and twisting them for humor. Like Van Sant's PSYCHO, but with creativity.<p> There is no strike three, however, as they somehow manage to pull it off with quite a few laughs. Even with painfully excessive and extremely low-brow sexual humor that makes PORKY'S look like THE APPLE DUMPLING GANG, there's still enough genuine humor here for a fun movie.
this is the funniest movie since &quot;airplane&quot;.i thought that was the funniest movie i had ever seen but then i saw this and its now the  funniest movie ever to me.this movie has the most bad content than any  other movie that i have ever seen.it has even more sexuality than american  pie so this one isnt for kids at all.  rated R for very strong sexual  humor,nudity(but not the kind your thinking! ),language,drug use, and  violence
Great movie, I've seen it 4 times and wanna go back again
I am so embarrassed to say that I saw this movie. While I admit that there were some funny scenes, overall it was an overly disgusting gross-out. Worse than any other I've ever seen.  Actually, this movie turned me off of gross-out comedies forever. Maybe my IQ isn't low enough to find cruel jokes aimed at gays and the mentally disabled funny. As a 19 year old female I found it to be quite demeaning towards women, but what should I have really expected? As for the people who happily comsume this inane drivel, keep it. I used to love to read, maybe now's a good time to get back to that. Bottom line: avoid, avoid, AVOID!
I found this movie to be rather disturbing in its portrait of people in general.  The careless actions of the actors in this movie are some of the contributing factors to the labels that not only African Americans are trying to break free from, but teenagers in general suffer from these sterotypes also.  It is a shame when a movie as sensless as this one was is at the top of society's list of favorites. If this is what people find entertaining then we need to stop complaining the problems in America because we are our own worst enemy!
This movie was boarderline unwatchable. I'm not one of those people who thinks that stupid equates to funny. I never laughed once at this movie, except maybe when the masked guy calls and says "whassup!?!", but I saw that in the ads anyway. <p>This isn't the case of people not liking a movie becase it was "too cutting edge" or some stupid [stuff] like that. I laughed myself silly at "Something About Mary", "Road Trip", and the "American Pie" movies. I love "Airplane!" and those other spoofs. But this was not funny! This was just useless [junk]. It was exactly what a couple of 14 year old kids would write if they were ever given the opportunity to write a movie. <p>It takes a tremendous ammount of talent and intellegence to make a funny "stupid" movie. This is NOT one of those movies. It tries to make up for it's shorcomings by being shocking and gross. It fails miserably, however. It's gross just for the sake of being gross. There's no humor at all in anything that happens. This is the height of useless, gratuitous, garbage. I feel like I wasted 2 prescious hours of my life watching this. Please don't make the same mistake I did.
I kept waiting. Waiting to laugh. After all, this was supposed to be slapstick. Comedy, right? The only reason that I didn't walk out is because I kept hearing how funny it was. I kept waiting. The laugh never came. My sister and I looked at each other and shook our heads when the credits started rolling. <p>Was it the worst movie I've ever seen? Possibly. Definitely one of the most disappointing. <p>And don't you dare say I don't have a sense of humor. I loved the &quot;Naked Gun&quot; series, the &quot;Airplane!&quot; films, &quot;Top Secret.&quot; I'm a big fan of Mike Judge (Beavis &amp; Butt-Head, King Of The Hill, Office Space), and of Comedy Central's South Park series. Take a good look at my DVD List (my &quot;home page&quot; link.) You'll find plenty of comedies there that I'd recommend seeing, and then seeing again and again before renting &quot;Scary Movie.&quot; <p>Simply said, &quot;Scary Movie&quot; was awful. <p>Who would enjoy it? Hmm. I don't think I want to know. Seems hypocritical of me to bash someone who might like this film, when I enjoy watching &quot;Jackass&quot; on MTV. I just felt like the writers (that's an insult to writers everywhere) of &quot;Scary Movie&quot; must've gone to a 4th grade class during their recess, got some ideas from them, and then decided to let them write the movie over the next 4 years...
Let me give a pure, simple, objective evaluation of this movie:  it sucks.  Need I say more?  I think not, but since most people won't be convinced by the former, I will.  The main "plot" is a parody of a few elements from Scream, but is mostly a spoof on I Know What You Did Last Summer, but uses all six kids from the two IKWYDLS.  First mistake:  right there.  Why write a parody of I Know What You Did Last Summer?  That movie parodied itself.  So, obviously, Scary Movie comes awfully close to being devoid of a plot.<p><p>Comedy?  Well, there were some funny lines, but there wasn't really any good, solid humor in this movie.  Sure, they satired the grotesque cheap thrills of the standard horror movie, and the killing scenes gave me a few chuckles, but the movie relies too much upon dirty jokes and explicit sexual references to convey humor.  Tell me, honestly, how are explicit sexual references FUNNY?  There's absolutely no cleverness or subtlety in the jokes.  Pretty much every element in the movie is an explicit sexual reference.<p><p>No mercy?  None at all.  This movie could pass for a horror movie, though not for the violence.  No shame?  Hold on a second.  This is barely worthy of the title, "movie."  No sequel?  Liars.  But is anyone surprised?  Why would you trust someone who made this flick to tell the truth?<p><p>Now, for the big question:  is it worth your money?  In my opinion, no.  Not unless you like mindless obscene humor, dirty jokes off the wall, a movie composed ENTIRELY of plot distractions, and everything else evil.  I must say, I'm thoroughly disappointed.  I expect a LOT more from such well-promoted movies...
Scary Movie (Keenen Ivory Wayans, 1999)<p><p>The tagline to this movie promised &quot;no sequel.&quot; Would that it had been accurate. Maybe I'm just getting too old for this (but then, come to think of it, I had no pateince for mindlessness when I was a teen, either), but I found Scary Movie about as funny as American Pie-- a whole lot of jokes that missed the mark, and those few that found it just didn't appeal to my sense of humor. Besides, why parody a genre of films that's already so mired in self-parody? (zero)
SCARY MOVIE is a halarious spoof on all the teenage slasher movies that have come out in the past years. The plot of this film is simple: a group of high school teenagers (who look like they are played by actors who are in there late 20's and early 30's) are being stalked and killed in stupid ways by a ghost-masked killer who likes to drink, smoke pot, and rap. This film makes fun of movies like &quot;Scream,&quot; &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer,&quot; &quot;Halloween,&quot; and various other films, as well as TV shows and commercials. There are plenty of sex jokes, fart jokes, and drug jokes. There is also a surprising amount of male nudity in this movie, but you can't take it seriously...I mean after all this is a spoof we're talking about here. This film was written by Shawn &amp; Marlon Wayans and directed by Kennen Ivory Wayans (The Wayans Brothers).
Scary Movie turned out what I thought it to be (a halirious movie with people getting killed off in wacky ways and silly parodies of recent horror  movies) and what I didn't think it to be (showing ...ahem... small full  frontal male nudity, and a major major gross scene). The Wayans have  majorly beat the &quot;There's Something About Mary&quot; creators with the  most gross-out jokes ever displayed in a movie. Anyway, Scary Movie was a  good funny movie. The acting, for a parody, was great. And even though it  followed Scream by every scene almost, there were other movies parodied and  mentioned. For example: I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Matrix,  American Pie, The Blair Witch Project, Amistad, Shakespeare in Love, Friday  the 13th, and I even caught something that dealt with The Exorcist. And how  they copied Tatum's death scene was hilarious. If I say anymore, I will  give out what plot here is to the movie, so I'm going to stop. Go check it  out!
Hey, Scary Movie wasn't so much of a scary movie afterall. Instead, it is one helluva roller-coaster parody of the recent box-office hits like Matrix  and the likes of Scream that promises to bring you a ceaseless 1 and 1/2  hour of nauseous, dizzying, raucous laughter.<p>Scary Movie not only spoofs  hits like Sixth Sense and I Know What You Did Last Summer, it also pokes  fun at racism and bimbo-hood, albeit done in the light of humor.<p>To  really enjoy Scary Movie, you'd have to dispose yourself of all reason and  rationale and laugh it all down, with some popcorn and coke of course(just  make sure not to choke on it while guffawing away). The plot may be thin,  but it sure is the one of the funniest movie I have ever seen. Those in  hope of a really frightening premise would be sorely disappointed,  though.<p>In all, Scary Movie is the epitome of parodies and brings sexual  jokes to newer heights of enjoyment. Way to go!
This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. Its totally pointless, but thats what makes it what it is. dont watch it just buy it. or steal it whatever you have to do to get it.
Scary Movie was of the best comedies of 2000. With spoofs from movies like Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, Blair Witch, and The Matrix, this film will be loved by all. The sexual content of the film makes it even funnier. (Not very explicit, shows very little). <p> In the opening scene with Carmen Electra, you know this movie will be great. Shawn and Marlon Wayans did a great job putting together this film and they got the greatest cast. The whole over-all plot with Doofy is absoleutly hilarious and you'll be laughing out loud at the end of this brilliant movie.<p> So, be sure to catch Scary Movie. Anybody and everybody will enjoy this spoof. Buy this DVD and enjoy.<p>HAPPY VIEWING!
Scary movie is a fun movie worth a buy or rent. It's a great movie to watch with your friends at a party. It's a spoof off horror movies, mainly I know what you did last summer and Scream. But it also mocks the Blair Witch Project and the Matrix briefly. If you watched Scream and I know what you did last summer, you'll probably enjoy the jokes better. But, the first time I saw it, I hadn't seen either but still found it hilarious. There's not really much more to say besides it's an absolutely hilarious movie that will deliver plenty of nonstop laughter. This movie throughout delivers a constant amount of laughter and afterwards, you'll be telling your friends about the great jokes.
A GREAT FILM! . The best spoof I have seen. It was nothing like I expected I thought it would just be funny but it was hilarious. If you want  to make your bladder move around buy it!
I was very pleased with this blu-ray transfer. This Blu-ray title looks very good on my 65" Mitsubishi 1080p DLP running off my PS3. It is definitely superior to some of the Paramount and WB catalog titles I have purchased.  I would highly recommend this purchase, especially if you are a fan of this franchise.
In this day and age I like to watch movies that help me forget about all the problems of the world and just laugh. This is one of them. It truly shows how moronic the slasher films are. Maybe they went a bit excessive on the bathroom humor but that can be overlooked. I rarely stopped laughing from start to finish and now own this movie and have watched it several times. I recommend this movie to lift your spirits when you are feeling down because beleive me, you will laugh.
I saw SCARY MOVIE in the theaters last summer with my older sister. We laughed, of course - I couldn't stop laughing - but it was more like sick humor. Also, all they were doing throughout the flick was offending other movies and stuff [i.e.: THE SIXTH SENSE, THE MATRIX, I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER, SCREAM]. There really was no point to this flick, except to make fun of everyone and everything. Which is cool...but only up to a point. What I did think was cleaver was the way they named the characters. Anne Faris's  character was Cindy Campell (as in Neve Campell's character, Cindy in SCREAM) and then there was Buffy Gibnore, as in Sarah Michelle Gellar's character in I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER. I also liked the part when James Van der Beek popped up in one of the sceens - that was funny. The acting was pretty well-done, too. But still, some of the movies they made fun of I don't think they should have, such as THE SIXTH SENSE, because that's one of my favorite films. I know the offensive parts shouldn't have been taken seriously, but some people find it offensive, anyway. Still, a great flick (strictly for the mature adult/teenage audiences only) to kick back and relax with your best buds. It might not be the kind of flick you'd want to buy...but if you can get it for free or rent it, then it's a good flick to watch.
First thoughts...Very good. Funny movie that rips off other movies. The main rip off movie is Scream. Nicely done movie. Let's go to the breakdown.<br /><br />1.  Directing--Nice camera job from Keenen Ivory Wayans. Not too bad, but it could have improved in some areas.<br />2.  Script--Very well done writing job. I loved the way this movie ripped off other movies, and did a good job of it too. Nice job.<br />3.  Acting--Not too bad, but could have been better. You've got Anna Faris and Shannon Elizabeth.<br /><br />Now for the content review.<br />Rated R for strong crude sexual humor, language, drug use and violence.<br /><br />1.  Sex/Nudity=9/10. This movie is pretty bad on sexual jokes and actual nudity. A few scenes of male nudity.<br />2.  Violence/Gore=6/10. There is some violence including blood, but it is played for laughs. None of the death scenes are scary.<br />3.  Language=8/10. Kind of high up there. 22 F-words and other profanities.<br /><br />Final thoughts...Overall 5/5. I thought it was a very funny and well done movie. Highly recommended to comedy and horror fans.
Similar in spirit to Wayans' cult classic &quot;I'm Gonna Git You Sucka&quot; (which, it should be mentioned, was clearly influenced by the Abrahams-Zucker-Zucker brand of spoof comedy (Airplane!, Naked Gun)), but updated to satisfy the Y2K hunger for low-brow humour.  Despite the numerous moments of hilarity in the film, I found Wayans' exuberant over-reliance on toilet humour to be too tedious.  I, by the way, can't wait for this brand of humour to fade away.  I love low-brow humour as much as the next intellectually-stunted guy, but being crude for the sake of being crude is not the same as being crude for the sake of being funny.  For example, I am bewildered as to why anyone found the flatulence bits funny.  Maybe it could be funny if it was set-up and paid-off in a comedic situation, but flatulence by itself is not funny.  Another example: A man in denial about his sexual orientation coming across a glory hole can potentially be very funny.  However, a phallus protruding from the said hole and perforating the said man's head is not funny.  In fact, it's darn near disturbing.  And I was also bothered by all the mimicry of other movies.  They were funny when they developed naturally from the plot, but dull and stupid when they didn't.  In the latter case, those scenes mostly just sit there and preen, waiting to be acknowledged.  I realize these films are nearly impossible to make well, but maybe the reason Airplane! and Naked Gun were so successful was because their creators did not limit themselves strictly to grossing out their audience and spoofing as many films as possible.
this movie is the funniest movie I have ever watch. yup, i have to admit it is stupid and senseless. but this is what the movie shines! funny lines, unexpected scenes and stupid spoof of other movies. strongly recommended to get if u seriously want a good laugh!!
I really liked this movie. The humour is black and extreme with some really funny scenes. The pace is quick with no slack or bad bits. It cruises along effortlessly with good performances, scripting and acting. It reminds me of just how ridiculous and formularised these horror movies really are. Some of the jokes are really bad taste ( think Me , Myself and Irene) so if you like that sort of stuff this ones for you. It takes a swipe at almost every stereotype, the virgin, the jock, the homosexual, the cheerleader and the ejaculation scene is unexpectadly wild ( as is the dick in the ear scene). Laugh yourself silly.
Scary Movie will have you laughing from beginning to end.  If you liked the whole Scream, Matrix, I Know What You Did Last Summer, and Urban Legend thing, then you will love this movie.  Spend an hour and a half picking out clips from alternate movies.  I wouldn't recommend this for anyone under say 15 or 16 cause of some pretty rounchy jokes.  But for those of you that are old enough to watch this is the best movie of the year.
OK, I'm pretty tolerant of gross entertainment in movies (see my reviews of Road Trip, Me Myself and Irene, and South Park if you don't believe me), TV, books, and music, but Scary Movie is where I draw the line. Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies. Yes, it is a spoof like those kinds of movies, but more extreme. Second, after viewing it, I felt like I needed to take a shower because of all the male-organ jokes and gay references(as a straight male, I cannot take too many of those types of jokes). The other problem I had with this movie is it was pretty much the same three jokes written over and over: Girls, drugs, and small male organs.  All right, I'll admit there were a couple of funny scenes once all those jokes wore off, like the I Know What You Did Last Summer and Matrix scenes and the scene where the marijuana-smoking killer says the now-infamous &quot;Whassssssssuuuuuup?&quot; and Marlon says &quot;I see dead people!&quot;, but the scene where Shawn gets impaled on a giant male organ is just too much. The best line in the whole movie is when Shawn Wayans says &quot;TV shows don't make people kill. Canceling TV shows makes people kill!&quot;  Bottom line: if you want a good spoof, see the original Naked Gun or Airplane, and avoid this one. If the MPAA let this one go through, I'd hate to see what they left out of South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut.
I deplored this waste of a perfectly good idea on such a trashy film. Not only was it completely not funny, aside from a handful of good moments that you have already seen on the commercials and trailers, this film has nothing to offer the person coming in for the cheap laugh, or especially for the person coming for a serious gag. Between the good parts, the rest is basically just homophobic filler and will make you want to vomit if you have half an ounce of good taste. The only thing of lower quality than the movie is the DVD. What junk is this? I rented it and couldn't play it on my player on my TV, I had to go to a buddie's house to watch it, and it sucked. Where is the &quot;hillarious comedy&quot; I was promised? Watching this film made me want to hang myself
I'm hardly a fan of bathroom humour in general and watched this movie expecting to sneer at it.  But I ended up enjoying it.  Quite a bit.  It's actually nice to see a movie that's not only totally bonkers and completely no-holds-barred in its crude humour, but also has no pretenses whatsoever to being anything greater -- and therein lies the charm of Scary Movie.<p>The best thing about this movie is newcomer Anna Faris.  Despite the presence of comedy stalwarts like the Wayans brothers and Shannon Elizabeth (Dish Dogs, American Pie), Faris easily walks off with the movie with her Katie Holmes impression.  By taking some of the more outrageous gags seriously, Faris makes funny gags even funnier, and every time her arrow-straight treatment of scenes metamorphoses into an absurd gag, the contrast is delicious.<p>Most importantly, Scary Movie treats its own absurdity with a grain of salt.  Absurdity is an overused device, and many an indie film has sunk to the bottom because of self-importance and a holier-than-thou &quot;hip&quot; factor.  Scary Movie never tries to make any grand statements, and instead of trying to pretend to be a satire (eg. South Park), it is content to remain a parody and therefore is easier to warm to.  It realizes that nothing this heavyhanded can be truly satirical and succeeds by keeping its ambitions small.<p>My one objection lies in the amount of violence against women.  I have to admit, the funniest scene for me is the &quot;I'll kill you myself&quot; scene, but it gets to be a bit much.  Was it really necessary to see the broken leg, for example?  Or the garage-door gag, which isn't even all that funny?  Violence against women is a motif in slasher films, but in a comedy like this, too much of it adds an unpleasant tone.<p>The DVD edition, aside from the ability to select chapters, really doesn't carry much unless you have a DVD-ROM.  I don't, so I'm relegated to just one short, fairly obvious documentary about the concept of the movie (not great, though not bad), and some deleted scenes.  One of these is terrific, but I can't help thinking this DVD edition a little short on bonus material.  Perhaps the bulk of it is in the DVD-ROM -- still, couldn't they have let us DVD-player owners in on it?
My one star rating is for the flawed DVD disc--not the movie.  &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is rather crude and vulgar at times, but you can't help but laugh along with it.<p>I--along with many others--seem to be having the same problems with the DVD.  If you play it through a DVD-rom drive, it usually gets hung up on the FBI warning--then it either crashes the DVD player program or the whole computer itself.  I've tried to play it with and without using the PCFriendly program--neither works.  I'm not sure how well it plays on regular DVD players.<p>I've visited PCFriendly's site and looked for support.  They do acknowledge that there have been problems with the DVD getting stuck on the FBI warning, but they insist that it is only a small number of players and not the DVD itself.<p>I have many, many DVDs and have never experienced a problem with any of the titles--except for &quot;Scary Movie.&quot;  I think they just don't want to acknowledge there's a problem and have to risk recalling a bunch of DVDs.<p>Other than all those problems, the film itself is pretty funny.  If anyone has found a solution to these problems, please let us know.
What a waste of time and money. I was really looking forward to seeing this movie when it reached video and when I did it was a real let down. How this movie made so much money? Well, I do know, there are more idiots in the world than there have ever been. I did laugh a couple of times, but there was too much emphasis on sex, and was pretty gross at times. None of the class and clever thoughts of the Airplane series or the first Naked Gun. The Wayans tried too hard. Nothing was suttle in this movie. They had to push it down your throat to make you think it was funny. Even my girlfriends brother, who laughs at anything, barely laughed more than 2-3 times. Don't touch this one! Leave it on the shelf!
OK, my player also showed the FBI warning thing... so, what you do is when you first put the DVD is press 'stop' so the FBI warning doesn't show up and your stop menu does... then push 'play' and voila! oh, my review... VERY funny! a must-see!
Why did this movie get so much hype this summer???? It sucked!!! People said this was the best comedy of the summer, what the hell??!! Road Trip was definetly the best comedy. Scary Movie was nasty and stupid. There was only a few funny parts but not many. I think it should have been rated NC-17. It contained a lot of un-necessasry cursing and nudity. Don't waste your time and money of this terrible movie!
Simultaneously the funniest and most pathetic movie I've ever seen. How does Scary Movie accomplish that? Easy. They take some truly hilarious dialogue and sprinkle it with perhaps the most hackneyed plot and scripting ever seen in motion pictures. This movie would have been so much better if it didn't constantly make reference to the fact that they were following a script. That worked in movies like I'm Gonna Get You Sucka and Hollywood Shuffle, but Scary Movie totally overdoes it by using it as a means of progressing the &quot;plot&quot;. <p>Anyway, the movie is still worth seeing only for the insanely funny killer and rips on Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. Everything else should be ignored if at all possible.
This movie's hillarious.You'll laugh till..till.darnit you're gonna laugh a lot!this movie mocks everything and it's momma..You'd be a lot better off watching i know what you did last summer 1 and to, and all the screams before you go see it, that way  you'd probably find this movie a lot more funny, because you'd get all the jokes.But it's not all potty humor.all thought that's 3/4 of it.There's some stuff in here that could make the pope laugh.This is a must buy if you like horror movies but need a good laugh every once in a while.
How could the makers of this film get away with this trash?  The humor is sophomoric and at times disgusting.  The film makers rely on terrible gross out gags for laughs with terrible results.  I can not stand this film. Nobody should be forced to sit through this landfill.
This movie was entertaining. It spoofed on all of the scary movies of the past 5 years and it did a great job. It wasn't a stupid comedy like we are  used to. Carmen Electra was beautiful like usual, even though her character  was short-lived. The Wayans perfectly fit the characters. There were so  many parts that I was amazed they kept in the movie, I am glad somebody  didn't try to cut them out. Too much censorship now-a-days. The movie is  not a mind challeging experience, but one you can just sit back and enjoy.  It runs less than two hours, which is nice. If you are a fan of comedies,  aren't looking for a serious movie and aren't easily offended, you will  enjoy this film.
&quot;Scary Movie&quot; parodies a number of teen scare flicks and other horror or suspense movies. A viewer who has seen movies such as &quot;Scream&quot;, &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot;, and &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot; will better understand some of the jokes and sight gags around which the thin story line revolves.<p>This movie is not for anyone with delicate sensibilities, as everything, including erect male sex organs, pubic hair, flatulence, and other usually taboo subjects, are ripe for gags, most of which, while filthy, are often funny. If you do not like your jokes down and dirty, then this movie is definitely not for you.
i thought it was very crude and disgusting, but kinda funny in a way. like, for example, i don't think that a guy shoving his penis through another guy's ear or someone taking a pic of a guys small penis is funny. but i think that a woman trying to get through a whole in a garage door is funny, lol. but i guess it was alright. i give it 3-1/2 stars
Scary Movie looked good from the moment I laid my eyes on it. As a teen slasher fan I loved the humor and could recognize all the parts from other films. The characters are totally clueless and some what stupid but that makes it more funny. Some of the jokes are a killer!! Scary Movie is just a hilarious rollercoaster ride of fun and mayhem. I've been waiting for a spoof like this and I got one!! If you want to laugh until you cry watch Scary Movie!
Scary movie was a sad attempt to satarize real &quot;scary movies.&quot; In addition to it's predictability, it was filled with bland humor. Oh yes, some parts did make you smile, perhaps even giggle, but over all it was a waste of my $7.00. It's only one of many movies today making an effort to mock popular teen movies. My suggestion, see a real teen movie. Because you know the joke you're in for when you go to see it.
Scary Movie, definitely cleaner than its sequel, has its funny parts and its idiotic parts...The first 15 to 20 minutes is hilarious, but the rest of the film just has bits and pieces that are funny. Little of the raunchiness is funny, but you kind of have to laugh for its failed attempt...Scary Movie rates 3 out of 5 for its effort and its 15 minutes of fame...otherwise this film is poor...
You all heard about this movie called Scary Movie. Well for one thing it's the funniest movie ever made. It mainly was made to poke fun at Scream and I Know What You Did Lat Summer. That's why it's so funny. The sick jokes are the funniest. In my opinion the drug jokes are the funniest part. My favorite part is when the killer is chillin' with a group of guys and they are smoking pot out of a fish tank. This is the funniest movie ever made. Watch it tonight.
Okay, come on, you didn't really expect a parody to be scary, did you? But neither was SCREAM, and it was still a brilliant movie. Right off the bat, I'm going to say that I enjoyed nearly every minute of watching SCARY MOVIE.<p>So why only 3 stars?<p>For a start, not all the jokes work. Many of them are hilarious, from the simple stuff like the first &quot;fart joke&quot; to the parody of &quot;Amistad&quot;/&quot;Titanic&quot;, and the way the actors recite their lines virtually verbatum from SCREAM, but in a way to make you realize just how ridiculous the lines sounded. Others however, like the cheap &quot;Matrix&quot; spoof and the &quot;it's like we're in a movie&quot; jokes, are neither funny nor original.<p>The creators of SCARY MOVIE knew that not all the jokes would work. Their answer is to throw them at you so fast that before you can start to really hate one, they move you on to the next.<p>With regards to acting, the performances are corny, and they know it. That's what makes it so funny. The actors who play Bobby and Greg, however, seem to be taking their roles a little too seriously. Anna Faris, who plays Cindy, does a great job of treading the fine line between being ridiculous and being too sincere.<p>All in all, this is an enjoyable movie. The DVD doesn't contain that much in the way of extras, but it's worth the price. The nice thing about this movie is that you'll find something to enjoy whether you're a SCREAM fan or a SCREAM hater, because it both mercilessly attacks it and gently pokes fun at it at the same time.
I'm not really one for spofs but this one is great! There are plenty of cool gags and the movie doesn't go on too long or overplay anything which you tend to get in movie these days (Austin Powers!). I love the way they changed the spook's mask for a couple of scenes, especially the &quot;Wazap&quot; one. The film makers had a sense for what is funny and when it should be brought in. I want to see it again!
There are "Clever Spoofs", like the Austin Powers films, and then there are "Silly Spoofs", like the Naked Gun films. "Scary Movie" is in the Latter Category and it's the best one in Years. The Timing was the key to the films success as the recent crop of Teen Slasher flicks had yet to be Spoofed.<p>The Exuberant Young Cast are all Natural Born Comedians and they make the most of every joke. Their Comedic Timing is Impeccable and they Obviously don't mind poking Fun at themselves. Shannon Elisabeth proves she has More than just Looks, as she gives one of the films Best performances. Shawn Wayans also proves himself as talented (if not More talented) as his more Famous brothers.<p>It's not just the Young stars that Shine in the film, some of the Older Supporting cast teach the young ones a Thing or two. Rick Domecian (as Cindy's Father) can't open his Mouth without causing a laugh, and Kurt Fuller (as the Police Chief) gives the Funniest role of his Career. <p>The Writing is as good as Any spoof, but the Performances bring out the best in the Script. When the film sticks to spoofing the "Scream" series and "I Know What You Did Last Summer", that is when the writing works best. This DVD also features a bunch of Deleted Scenes that are all Hilarious, why they were cut from the film is Beyond me.<p>A Great Comedy should be rated on how much it makes the audience Laugh. On this scale, "Scary Movie" deserves an 11 out of 10.
I know SCARY MOVIE is aimed toward making fun of all the teen slasher horror films, but I wonder how much all those actors who've been in those kind of movies think about this one and how they're being shunned and made fun of. Like everybody else says, this movie really don't have a plot. It's number 1 goal is to put down movies such as THE SIXTH SENSE, SCREAM, I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER, and many, many others. And it did a very great deal of it! I think this film was supposed to be called something like: SCREAM IF I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER. I don't really know for sure if that's what it used to be called, but that's what I heard. Anyways, last summer, I saw this in the theaters with my older sister because she had wanted to see it, too. We laughed so hard throughout this entire movie that I'd thought I'd pee in my pants!<p>I love horror movies - don't get me wrong - but SCARY MOVIE is just a very entertaining movie...not to be taken seriously by anyone. You can tell right away just by the title of this movie that it's going to be really funny. They had entitled this 'SCARY', as part of the joke - even though it's more like a gross comedy than horror. SCARY MOVIE is very fast-paced and most of the characters die within minutes. There are a number of highlight-most-hilarious moments in this movie. So many that I cannot list them all because my review would be too long! A warning to all James Van Der Beek fans: He actually makes a short appearence in this movie! Not only does this movie make fun of the slasher films themselves, but it also makes fun of the actors in those films. Some of the stand-out characters in this film include Cindy Campbell: Neve Campbell - SCREAM and Buffy Gilmore: Sarah Michelle Gellar - I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER. If you love horror movies, then this is definitely for you. And it's also for you if you don't like horror movies and want to find a good excuse to make fun of them you should see this. Any reason for seeing it, SCARY MOVIE should seen by everyone who's got a good sense of humor!
&quot;Scary Movie&quot; isn't scary at all,but fall on the floor funny(usually),and finally takes the wind out of all those overblown new slasher films to boot.Sure,the jokes are crude,disgusting,juvenile,almost always offensive to somebody,and most importantly,FUNNY.Whenever I've watched this with a group of people,the reactions are always wildly mixed,from people leaving in disgust,to shouts of &quot;dude,play it again!&quot;Any film with a reaction like that has got to be worth something.The DVD is definately worth buying because you get scenes that weren't in the film,and,amazingly,are even more extreme!Buy this DVD and show it at your next party or get-together.Then you'll find out who your REAL freinds are!
Scary Movie<p>Score: 77/100<p>Scary Movie was a film that got hardly any word before it was released, but, hey presto, when it was put into cinemas, it made more money than all the movies it's spoofing! Sheesh! That's independent-film power for you. But, even if Scary Movie isn't quite as good as some of the films it eagerly makes fun of, you can't help but love it, and I highly recommend it.<p>Six friends, including Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Buffy Gellar (Shannon Elizabeth), Brenda (Regina Hall), and Greg (Lochlyn Munro), are being stalked by a serial killer that is a mix between GhostFace of Scream and Ben Willis of I Know and I Still Know that wants them dead for a car accident that happened last Halloween. Pesky reporter Gail Hailstorm (Cheri Oteri) is also stalking the friends. The body count begins when Drew Decker (Carmen Electra) is murdered and everybody is getting bumped off in a very stupid way. <p>Scary Movie is an extremely loveable film with many high-lights, including Buffy Gellar's death and a little-but-cool cameo from James Van Deer Beck from Dawson's Creek. However, the film is dumb in the spoof-way, but perhaps the Wayan's brother's needed to research horror films before jumping into spoofing Scream, because all the three Scream's are in fact spoofs themselves. Not as full on as this one, but still a spoof. However, this is a majorly enjoyable, gross-out and continuously funny film with eager performances from the cast and a script that dreams up a lot of funny ways to tease serious horror films.<p>It may not be for everyone, but in my opinion, horror-spoofs don't come much better than this.
This is a great movie to watch with the guys, and not with your girlfriend. This movie has its moments when it makes fun of The Matrix, Scream, and The 6th Sense, among others. This movie really doesn't have much of a plot, but that's the point. If you watch this, you need to be in a slap happy attitude and it will be much better. It's sexual jokes can either add to your enjoyment, or ruin it completely. As I said, if you're watching this with your friends, it will be much better. <p>I added another star for all the extras on the DVD. Everyone likes extra stuff, and this DVD has it. It's special features include: additional scenes, behind the scenes, and the theatrical trailer. And if you're watching this on a computer you get even more features: screensaver, screenplay viewer, character profiles, and the guide to the Scary Movie. Overall, this is a good funny movie with lots of extras.
Well, Scary Movie 4 may have a chance, but 2 and 3 did nothing to come close to the hilarity that the first in the series brought (other than the opening scene of 2 where James Woods tries to excersise the hell house...hilarious)  This film is more on the lines of Scream and I Know What you did Last Summer and it has almost the identical plot, but what makes it so funny is that is shows you the stupidity in the overly serious tone these horror films take.  Scary Movie makes fun of the typical Scary Movie, and it works...I mean, look what it has to work with.  Anna Farris is your heroine, and this is her movie...the movie she was meant to star in.  The Waynes brothers are also BIG reasons to watch this film, other than hottie Shannon Elizabeth!  With Marlyn playing the crack adict who gets high with the killer and Shawn playing the sexually confused jock they have the most memerable charactors in the film.  The funniest scene is when they spoof The Blair WItch Project.  Everyone was laughing so loud I had to watch it again by myself to hear what the chic was saying.  With funny scene after funny scene Scary Movie should be at the top of your DVD pile because for some reason it never gets old.
Quite possibly the most disgusting comedy ever made that never stops being funny(yes, it even beats out Theres Something About Mary), Scary Movie is undoubtadly completely absurd and absolutely hilarious.  Spoofing the totally not scary teen horror movies of late like Scream, Scary Movie takes ever cliche and makes fun of it until your laughing out loud.  It even pokes fun at teen sex comedies like American Pie with the groosout antics.  Marlon Wayans is hysterical as pot smoking Shorty, and manages to keep being funny with the pot jokes without getting stale or repetitive.  Then theres also the fact I never thought I'd see so much male genitalia in a mainstream movie, but its all done with fun in mind.  The deleted scenes are worth noting too, especially the "Hop Along Shorty" scene which is downright hilarious.  Not to be taken seriously by any means, Scary Movie deserves a place in your movie collection.
While this movie consists of some humor which may seem inappropriate for some viewers, I would highly recommend it.  Some of it's content may offend those who can't handle a sexist, dirty joke, but for those who can, this movie is a must see!  The laughs start with the opening scene, and don't stop until the ending credits.  I hate going to see movies that show all laughs in the previews, but when you see the flick, those are THE ONLY laughs in the entire film.  This is quite the contrary.  The previews didn't do it justice, since most of the humor was aimed to adults only.  The spoofs were against some recent releases (Scream, Blair Witch, Sixth Sense, Matrix, etc.)  But don't forget the inuendoes of the ever popular Cheech and Chong!  Kudos to the Wayans, and everyone involved!  I only ask one thing - Please don't make multiple sequels - the originals are always the best.
"Scary Movie," whose script liberally borrows from the first two "Scream" flicks, poses the question: can you do a movie that's simultaneously funny and mediocre? It also reinforces the distinction between clever slapstick comedy and cheap gags.  Much of the latter surfaces in this film.  To be sure, there are laugh-out-loud, tears-down-my-face moments that had this dude howling hysterically.  But these jokes are all-too-obvious to be considered clever, and they wear thin real fast in this film, which richly earned its R-rating.  A sample of the movies/clips that are being targeted for laughs?  "The Matrix," "The Sixth Sense," "Shakespeare in Love," and a dog-tired reinterpretation of the Budweiser "whaaazzzup" commerical.  Oh, I forgot about the anatomy and bodily fluids "humor," too.  And for a group of allegedly heterosexual men, the Wayans brothers have a curiously strange fascination with homosexuality.  There's a subplot involving one of the characters who may or may not be gay, and while it's not bad, I'm like, "c'mon."  Director Keenan Ivory Wayans already ran the gay stereotype thing to the ground with the yawn-inducing "Men on Film" in his "Living Color" series. Can we move on?  "Scary Movie"'s appeal will depend on how much you can tolerate buffonery.  You may laugh throughout the movie, but you may not want to look at yourself in the mirror the morning after.
&quot;Scary Movie&quot; is getting a lot of comparisons to &quot;Airplane&quot; and its spiritual descendants, the &quot;Naked Gun&quot; movies. And while that's cleary what's intended, &quot;Scary Movie&quot; falls far short of the mark.<p>For one thing, the secret to the success of &quot;Airplane&quot; wasn't that every joke was a gem. Rather, the jokes came so fast and furious that you eventually found one that made you cry with laughter. And with multiple jokes a minute, that ended up being a pretty good amount of laughs.<p>&quot;Scary Movie,&quot; though, is a Wayans brothers film, and is paced more like the superior &quot;I'm Gonna Get You Sucka,&quot; which took on the blacksploitation film genre. In both films, a great deal of time is spent recreating an authentic environment -- much of &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is shot-for-shot identical to &quot;Scream&quot; or &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot; -- and inviting the audience to laugh at it. That works for &quot;I'm Gonna Get You Sucka&quot; -- the films of the 1970s were already so ridiculous that only time and distance were needed to make them hilarious -- but not so well for &quot;Scary Movie,&quot; as nothing's particularly funny about looking out of the back window of Carmen Electra's house and seeing the exact same shot of the backyard pool that opened &quot;Scream.&quot; It's technically impressive, but not funny in itself.<p>Beyond that, the Wayans brothers this time around are obsessed with male genetalia, homosexuality and women's feelings about oral sex, with a few fart jokes thrown in. If that's the height of humor to you, grab this movie, and godspeed. But if you are hoping there's more, the bad news is that there's not much else to recommend this movie. We get some spot-on impersonations of the actors of &quot;Scream&quot; and IKWYDLS, some surprising non-horror spoofs tossed in (including one very nice one for when the real killer is revealed) and several scenes that have good shock value to them, but if you know they're coming, they're really not all that funny. (The movie theater bathroom scene parodying the opening of &quot;Scream 2&quot; could have been much funnier if the writing had actually gone farther than it did, which is unusual for a movie that doesn't otherwise ever NOT go too far.)<p>The biggest surprise of this movie, really, is Carmen Electra, in this film's counterpart role to that of Drew Barrymore in the original &quot;Scream.&quot; For the first time ever, she shows that she can actually act. She also gleefully tears into her own public persona, from the men she &quot;dates&quot; to the secret of her career-making figure. The movie is diminished once her part ends, and -- hard to believe I'm saying this -- hopefully some director will have noticed what she does in this movie and gives her a chance to be more than a sexpot in some other film.<p>None of this is to say that &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is a bad movie -- my wife and I are big fans of the &quot;Scream&quot; series (well, the first two, at least), and we found this to be a fun rental -- but it just doesn't merit repeat viewings like &quot;Airplane,&quot; &quot;The Naked Gun&quot; or &quot;I'm Gonna Get You Sucka&quot; do.<p>This is a rental.
Scary Movie is a spoof of recent  horror movies (I Know what you did Last  Summer, Scream, Scream 2, The Sixth Sense, The Blair Witch Project)<br />  and it even makes fun of non-horror films like (The Usual Suspects,<br />  Titanic and The Matrix). When it's not making fun of movies though<br />  it's making fun of everything else, how this movie round up with an<br />  R-Rating and isn't NC-17 is beyond me because I don't think I've seen<br />  so many penis jokes, gay jokes, or racist jokes in one movie. Scary Movie<br />  offers alot of laughs but what got me giggling the most was the special-ed<br />  student and part-time security guardd Doofy, the retarted deputy who's<br />  obviously poking fun at Dewey from Scream. He was the showstealer<br />  for me because all his lines were just hilarious and were delivered<br />  great by Dave Sheridan. Also good in their roles are Shawn<br />  Wayans as a gay football player who slaps the butt of each player<br />  as they go by in the lockerroom, Marlon Wayans as a pot smoking horror<br />  film buff. Newcomer Anna Faris as Cindy gets alot of laughs as well.<br />  She has alot of funny scenes where she actually pokes fun at herself<br />  alot of times in the movie and is just totally natural about it which<br />  makes her scenes work even better. If you thought (There's Something<br />  About Mary, American Pie or Road Trip) were raunchy well then you've<br />  seen nothing until you've seen Scary Movie. Don't get me wrong some<br />  jokes don't work but most of them do. Scary Movie is the funnest time<br />  I've ever had at the movies, I can't recall the last time I laughed<br />  so hard. It's the first time I can actually say that I really enjoyed<br />  a stupid movie.
If you want to watch the movie, the only way I recommend seeing it is on DVD.  It has deleted scenes and many extras.  When I first watched this I thought I knew what I was expecting.  I thought that this movie would just be another one of those parody movies that spoof things like The Naked Gun and Airplane, but I was wrong.<p>This movie is one of the most raunchiest movies I have ever seen.  Usually that would be a bad thing, but here it isn't.  The scenes that were nasty (and there are a lot of them) were pivotal in telling the story.  When I saw some of the scenes I thought that they would just be pointless and stupid as they are in many other movies, but these were hilarious.<p>Many people might not understand my title for the review.  Basically it is saying that immature people would not be able to even understand most of the jokes in the movie, but a mature person would find the movie extremely funny and gratifying.  This movie has it all and I as a mature person (I think) recommend it most whole-heartedly
One of the raunchiest multi-spoofing flicks to come across the way in a long time, the Wayans brothers have surprisingly succeeded in drawing audiences in for their eye-popping sight gags and flagrant innuendo, grossing millions of dollars in the process and earning the begrudging respect of films critics everywhere. It borrows themes from quite a few blockbusters, the main ones being &quot;Scream&quot; (1 and 2 of the tiresome trilogy) and &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, teen-mania slashers that were BEGGING to be satirized. It also pokes fun at the quixotic visual effects of &quot;The Matrix&quot;, makes mention of the M. Night Shyamalan Oscar-starved film &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; and borrows renowned cinematic techniques from &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot; and &quot;Titanic&quot;. There are probably many more bits and pieces of other movies I've missed while watching it, but the broadly vulgar material makes it hard to recognize.<p>&quot;Scary Movie&quot; is the athenaeum... of toilet humor carried by the no-holds-barred directorial style that the Wayans brothers offer. Some of it was almost too much to handle for certain people; they claimed that &quot;Scary Movie&quot; was hurdling the boundaries of bad taste and that the rating systems should've bequeathed unto it an NC-17 classification on account of its appalling gags and the impropriety of full-frontal male nudity... It also makes blatant jokes about homosexuality and the minorities (ex. - Anna Faris types the words &quot;White woman in trouble&quot; to hastily summon the police in an emergency). <p>Although we have witnessed many a character performance before from the creators of this picture, the other cast members are amusing and memorable. First off, we have Anna Faris (a blue-eyed version of Katie Holmes) portraying the crisis-ridden Sidney from the Scream films, a victim of her own stupidity. Her character is aptly named Cindy Campbell and she is the straightest performance in this movie, making the laugh quotient that much more abundant. Remember Nadia, the sexy exchange student from the teen sex farce &quot;American Pie&quot;? Shannon Elizabeth is back, this time playing a complete airhead as Buffy Gilmore, a carbon copy of Rose McGowan's bimbo in &quot;Scream&quot; (and she gets slaughtered just as quickly). Dave Sheridan (a poor man's Jim Carrey) is a little tough to take at times with his overexerted and shameless interpretation of Doofy, Buffy's mentally-handicapped brother. As always, SNL's Cheri O'Teri is a riot as the Gayle Weathers replica Gail Hailstorm, the fanatical TV reporter who chews people up and spits them out without a second thought. James Van Der Beek makes an amusing cameo, but the most brazen performances come from the Wayans brothers themselves. First, we have Marlon - haven't we seen this before? He's not really an actor, although he seems to think that his doobie-smoking, low-intellect dude routine will never wear thin. He played virtually the same part in &quot;Don't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Your Juice In The Hood&quot;. Shawn is not much more impressive (he's more annoying, in fact) except that he's more wiry here than in &quot;Don't Be A Menace...&quot;. On the whole, they are virtually the same person. Their brother (and more prudent filmmaker) Keenan makes a brief cameo in the aforementioned &quot;Titanic&quot; premise.<p>I think what really kept this film up in the air for so long was its fearlessness and the Wayans brothers...attitude about their crass masterpiece. When making an omelette, eggs must be broken and Marlon and Shawn are gleefully chomping on the shells in the midst of their million-dollar success. For those who have a sensitive palette regarding sex, drugs and violence, this is not your taste. Seek other flavorsome fare in the PG department. &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is warts and all.
Scary Movie. What a name huh? Because, unless you are a total whimp, there was nothing scary about this movie. It was however, an outragesly funny movie for the young (12+) at heart. The scenes portray such as Scream (1,2,3), I know..., Blair Witch, and many more. The actors and actresses are also made fun of in this entertaining flick. <p>Now, this is a movie for teens and adults younger than 40. Some &quot;adults&quot; won't enjoy this. But I know my mother of 39, liked this movie and certainly did get a good laugh out of it! So, if you are in the mood for a &quot;teeny&quot; style flick, you'll like it. Even more so, if you have seen all the &quot;Scary Movies&quot; that they poke fun at. <p>One warning however, this movie is not for those people who think things should be &quot;proper, and respectible&quot; but for those who absolutely love stupid (George of the Jungle) or wacky sexual pics, you should enjoy it.<p>Not the best review, I know. But hey, It gets the point accross. I liked it, I'm 19 and I think normal people who aren't real bent up about sexuality and stuff, should see it. <p>Blessings~~~
I DID NOT want to see this movie! But, after much goading by my husband I gave in . . .and I was glad I did. Yes, this movie was brash, crude and in your face, but I did not find it at all offensive or over the top. I laughed the entire time! The market has been so saturated with these &quot;teen horror-did I really pay money to watch this?&quot; kind of flicks that it was great to see someone finally take a hit at them. I also thought the mixing in of various movie themes and hints was creative and brought the point home that much more! I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone . . .with a good sense of humor that is !
Why spoof a horror movie, any way? Those teen-scream flicks I KNOW WHAT YOU DID... and SCREAM (plus sequels) practically spoof themselves. What can be added by making this flick?<p>Alright, so SCARY MOVIE was funny in some places. And I can appreciate some vulgar humor in the SOUTH PARK vein. But unlike SOUTH PARK, SCARY MOVIE doesn't come off with the same success. SOUTH PARK tries continually to outdo itself, but it pulls it off with a certain level of &quot;class&quot;.<p>SCARY MOVIE ultimately fails because it tries to hard. Hence resorting to flashing the male anatomy several times for a chuckle. Please! If you want to do toilet humor, fine, but at least make it funny... something more like Mike Myers drinking &quot;poo&quot; in AUSTIN POWERS, as he says &quot;It's nutty!&quot; and grins. <p>Shawn Wayans fans will enjoy his performance. It's great stuff, there's just not enough of it. I wouldn't feel bad if you fast-forwarded through the rest.
I don't know what all you bumbs think but this is the funniest movie i've ever seen.  If you would like to see a great movie you have to see this one.  I have never seen a movie so funny.  Even though it show a lot of guy nudity it is still funny.  Those are funny parts too.  Although keep young children away.  If you liked half baked or office space or even if you didn't you'll still love this.  Im refearing to the DVD version.
Scary Movie rates up there with American Pie and Road Trip. Pure and clever comedy pack this movie completely. With Marlon and Shawn Wayans writing and acting in it, you can't go wrong. Several references to other movies such as Scream 1-3, and I know what you did last summer make this movie so funny. Defintely order this DVD. You won't be disappointed!
I have just recently purchased and watched the DVD of &quot;Scary Movie,&quot; a Wayans bros. movie. I knew that when i bought the movie it was going to be very sick and I was right. All the reviews that were made about this movie saying that it should have requested an x-rating are probabally right. THIS IS NOT A KID'S MOVIE! Although aimed at kids audience, kids are hardly the right audience that should be able to watch this.  If you was like me and thought the cartoon pic of a male's private anatomy was sick on South Park: Bigger, Longer, Uncut then you haven't seen nuthin' yet! Scary Movie shows the real deal stuff and I'm not saying once but like four times! A guy gets impaled by a man's you-know-what. Now is that a sick gag or what?  But I laughed, and that is all that matters. This movie is porbabally the most clever spoof of movies ever. If you are a fan of the cartoon series South Park then you will truley like this movie because it playes just like a live action version of a South Park episode.<p>  Now comes my review of the DVD. This DVD is woth the money bey all means, altough it's not the greatest DVD ever. I purchased this DVD for 19.95-you can't beat that for a new release DVD! It contains a good behind the scense making of Scary Movie, the notorious theatrical trailor that lured so many kids into this movie, and several explicit scenes that were cut from the movie. They are real funny and should not be missed. This DVD also has trailors for other movies like Dont be A menace in South Central ( while drinking your juice in the hood), Gone In Sixty Seconds, the Scary Movie Soundtrack, ect.  A great buy. A DVD that had me entertained for while. Thank you for your time.
All around great time. The only reason I would say don't buy the DVD is because mine has a 17min30sec long FBI warning at the begining and there is no way to get around it. The movie is non-stop laughter. some parts are kinda dumb humor but it's still a great movie. Gunslinger
Scary Movie is one of the most hilarious movies I ever saw. I loved when they made fun of almost ever movie. I don't care what other people say, this is a funny movie. . . if your a teenager. Adults might not think it's funny and won't even rent it let alone buy it. So if you did or didn't see it, buy it on DVD. I hope the DVD includes commentary by all the cast and Director, lots and lots of deleted scenes, lots of funny outtakes, and possibly a &quot;Making Of&quot; if they made one. So all you teenagers go buy this funny movie when it comes out.
I haven't laughed that hard in a looooong time! The movie is very funny if you have an open mind. Everybody I went to see it with, came out saying  they havent laughed that hard in a long time either! Caution, if you're  over 30, and have already aquired the bad taste that comes with adulthoold,  you may think the jokes in the movie are too grose. And for the people who  say that certain things in the movie made no sense, or happened &quot;out  of nowhere&quot; or &quot;for no reason&quot;, IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE  THAT!  Go See It
This film was a definately different twist to the gross out comedy genre.  I will give the film that, it is different, but comedies like these lack substance and are ultimately pointless.  Scary Movie was sick, and not entirely funny.  The script, the idea, and the concept were not worth putting on film.  It may have raked in some cash, but if the movie industry is not going to care about film quality and greatness, and only about money and box office revenue, the film industry may has well stop making movies all together.  Do not see this movie if you like films that are serious and potentially could be a classic.  I would reccomend this mmovie for any fan of gross out humor.  Trust me there is plenty of it in this film.
tedious, regurgitating half digested bits of existing horror movies, this is strictly for morons
I rated this movie a long time ago.  I don't know what I was thinking when I gave this movie 4 stars.  When I look back I can't believe I liked this movie.  Now when I see it I hate this movie.  I have to re-rate it.  This movie is a piece of trash and is very immature.  A five-year old could write a better script.  It is just a typical gross-out comedy that finds any excuse to put a ... on the screen in order to get a shock out of the viewer.  I am sure that many people who watched it then probably feel the same way about it now.  It isn't even very good at spoofing other movies.  I will not go into detail because it is so simple, it makes fun of teen horror movies.  I am also not going into detail because this movie is a piece of trash for those who think they aren't trash.
This movie was by far one of the funniest spoofs I've ever seen! I usually find movies of this type PAINFULLY predictable, but this one had loads of things that came out of nowhere! The only complaint I had was that it mostly spoofed Scream (KILLER movie!) and I Know What You Did Last Summer. There were a few quick references to other movies/tv/commercials we've all seen.. but not really enough. I went to see this expecting it to be dumb and a waste of money. But instead, I bought it as soon as it came to video and am going t get the DVD soon as well :)
If your the sort who loves good raunchy fun and craves the sort of things that others flinch at, then this is perfect for you. Just don't see this movie if you're even moderately offendable. This parody makes a mockery of retarded people, shows genitalia of all sorts openly, gives you a glimpse of all sorts of bodily fluid, features vulgar dialogue... you get the picture. What this adds up to ( at least for me, anyway) is good, clean fun. This is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen. Scary Movie is basically one giant spoof of such flicks as Scream, I Know What you Did Last Summer, etc. My DVD version has been trouble free, as well. I know some others have experienced trouble with their copy. At any rate, purchase this movie, pop it in, and be prepared to laugh ( if you're not barfing)...
this is to all owners of the dvd version of scary movie,  every time i put the disc in the player, it takes 15 minutes to get past the FBI warning. i don't know whether this is just my player, or if the disc is messed up. please write to my e-mail at jeremybarnell@yahoo.com.
This has got to be the funniest film of the year. I've seen it 3 times coz each time I missed loads coz I was crying with laughter. From the same goys who brought you Don't Be A Menace this film is an absolute screamer. If you've seen the films parrodied you, if you possess a sense of humour, will be laughing from start to finish. The male nudity is done in the best possible taste, well maybe not but it definitly is funny. The only problem is that it made me laugh too much, I thought I was going to die.<p>I wanted to put 6 stars but the tyrants would let me only have 5.<p>You have to watch this film and that is an order...
I just saw Scary Movie and it was very very funny i thought Shorty(Marlon Wayans)was HILLARIOUS and Bobby was cute so i think it was very funny
To say the least the box office hit &quot;Scary Movie&quot; is a cult phenomenon! It's so funny that you will pass out from all the laughter! The cast is absolutely superb, (which I wish David Cross would've been in this), as well as the jokes. Very few fall flat. It's the usual Keenan Ivory Wayans (Dont Be A Menace, Scary Movie 2) slapstick humor which will leave you with a belly ache! IF you missed this, then pick up a copy, I promise you will love it!
This was such a funny movie!If you want to see a funny movie see this.It has it all(Sixth Sense,Scream,Pulp Fiction,etc.)I would recommend this movie to any and everyone 10 and up.
I went to see this movie at the theater, and I've got to be honest I laughed so hard cryed. It was so funny, the only reason I went to see this movie was because marlon and shawn wayans are in it, I love the wayans brothers because their sense of humour is very much like mine.<p>If you have'nt seen this movie yet WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!!! <p>you don't know what your missing, scream, I know what you did last summer, the blair witch project, the sixth sense, american pie, halloween, nothing is left out everything gets dissed in this movie.<p>The way I see it there is two draw backs in this movie: 1. the fact that damon wayans wasn't in it(he's my favourite wayans brother) and 2. was DOOFY I hate him so much(what a ... he was).<p>anyway, I love this movie and I hope you do too.
Wow... just when I thought nothing more could be done with the sight-gag-laden genre-satire flick, 'Scary Movie' ended up being a pleasant surprise! Although I'm not terribly familiar with the subject matter being parodied (the 'Scream' flicks, 'I Know What You Did Last Summer', etc.), I did manage to bust a gut more than a few times. So, even if you're not all that caught up with those 90s-glamourous-&amp;-fashionable-twentysomethings-playing-glamorous-&amp;-fashionable-suburban-white-bread-teenagers-getting-stalked-and-killed-one-by-one horror flicks, I'm sure you'll be more than entertained! <p>Also included are a few shots at 'The Matrix', 'Blair Witch', 'The Sixth Sense', and those unbelievably annoying 'Wazzzaappp!' beer commercials. There's the usual visual gags that you've come to expect from the genre, as well as a surprisingly large amount of uncovered male naughty bits for the flick to get a mere R-rating! Um, which is cool if, er, you're into that kinda stuff, that is, ahem. Oh yeah, plenty of cannabis humor as well! Wait'll ya see the aquarium bong! But in my opinion, the best parts involved Doofy, the- um, 'special' brother of one of the unfortunate victims-to-be. His lack of prowess in the grey matter made for some real howlers here!<p>Oh, one more thing: don't forget to check out Doofy's, um, solo romance scene at the end of the closing credits!<p>'Late!
I THINK THIS MOVIE IS A GREAT COMEDY!I LOVE THIS MOVIE ITS SO FUNNY IF YOU DONT HAVE THIS MOVIE THEN GO GET IT!OFICER DOOFY IS COOL. OFICER IS THE BEST!
This is with out a doubt one of the most funny movies out there.  If you do not own this dvd you are either a male over 40 which if you are you probably own an old Clint Eastwood movie or a female over 40 which you probably have Steel Magnolia's.  But if you are young then you should definately own this DVD.  Very, very funny and unforgetable scenes.
I have to admit it, despite my best efforts. Scary Movie is a hilarious film. Well maybe not hilarious, but very very funny. The first time I was it I couldn't stop laughing, funny joke after funny joke. I mean it was so shocking and over the limit, yet incredibly funny that I couldn't stop laughing. The main problem with "Scary Movie" is simply that the second time you watch it, it isn't that funny. Alot of shock value comedy just becomes disgusting.  Overall it is a good, very funny movie, but a) it's only funny if you see Scream, Scream 2, and I Know What You Did Last Summer first and b)after the first veiwing many jokes get old and just plain disgusting. Still a great comedy though.
This is definitely a film aimed at teenagers and students. I've seen worse, it was fairly funny in places, but don't expect anything too much. One to watch with friends when your bored.
Before I start ranting about how funny this movie is, I have to get this off of my chest - Scary Movie is one of the worst movies ever!  By far and away, this is complete trash.  It is just that as another member of society, trash like this is not only acceptable, it is extremely entertaining.  There, I said it!  Scary Movie is awful as a movie, but you will be laughing like a trippin' hyena while you watch this.  <p>Do make sure you know a few quick facts before you buy this though:  it is gross, I have never seen a movie before where a guy literally gets stabbed by another guy's wang.  Not only that but the constant use of extremely sickening sex jokes and the frequent male nudity almost drove me to insanity the first time I watched this flick.  If you can get over this, you will find that this is one of the funniest flicks in years, much like I did.  I just hope that all comedies do not turn into this.
This was a funny film, me being a big scream fan, this was a cracker with a good mix of other films, sex, horror, blood &amp; humor this film is a winner! A must buy for everyone<p>... This film rules just like Scream 1,2 &amp; 3!
This movie makes you laugh histarically, but it's jokes are somewhat repititious and if you see this movie more than 3-4 times, you get bored.
I own the DVD of Scary Movie and haven't had any problems with it. The DVD Player I own is Oritron. Now the only problem I'm having so far is getting it (and any DVD) to play on the DVD/CD Rom player on the computer. It might be just a set of bad DVDs that were released. I know most new DVDs are sent to stores weeks in advance before becoming available. So between that time of delivery and being out on stands anything can happen. I could have gone with all the male private parts being seen. I also could have gone with the female gym teacher and her Basic Instinct scene. The two Marlon Wayan segments that were cut should have stayed and the gym teacher segment should have been cut. I hope you know that a network has already bought the rights to the movie. I think it was NBC and it will be interesting to see how they show a &quot;clean&quot; version of this movie in 2002. Can't wait for Scary Movie 2 next year.
I can't see the movie on DVD.  Same problem as others have had.  It starts with the FBE warning and stays there.  You can't get past it.  Only way out is to eject the DVD unseen.  Stupid.  I've tried 4 copies from Blockbuster and Hollywood Video with same results.  I even tried it on my computer DVD and it hangs up.<p>Somethings wrong here.<p>I going to return the DVD and get the VHS.
You have to decide whether its to new hights, or new lows.  There isn't really a plot to this movie, it basically threads together the plots from  such recent teen horror movies as SCREAM and I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST  SUMMER, but plot doesn't really matter in a spoof movie anyway.  The only  thing that matters is getting laughs, and it probably will as long as you  aren't offended easily.  This movie has an incredible range of things to  offend even the most unoffended people.  Violence, Drug use, Bad language,  Retarded police officers, and even the old death by penis.  This movie is  much funnier too if you have seen Scream recently, because there are lots  of references to it and they will be funnier if you know what they mean.  This movie will almost definately make you laugh if you are a teenager, but  if you don't find violence or nudity funny, then stay away.
well I wentt o see Scary Movie..... really looking forward to it after watching the commercials and stuff. but not knowing really what to expect. critics were all over the place on this one. Ebert gave it a thumbs up said it was funny. cranky hates these types of movies but enjoyed it.... blah blah blah.... not bad reviews I guess, TIME said it was good too.  so off the SCary Movie.... (Oh yeah saw the trailer for Blair Witch 2... bought chills down my spine). well off to Scary Movie..... right off the bat it's a parody of Scream... nearly exactly the same.... with an extra fart joke here and there. hahaha the movie is gross right in the first  5 minutes .... if that grosses you out, then leave immediately... cuz it gets grosser!!!! the movie is a take on most popular movies, like I know what u did last summer, Urban Legends (I think), Scream 1 &amp; 2, Blair Witch, Matrix and a few other movies which I won't mention. it's just joke after joke.... some work, and some don't....  the movie parodies are great... they are very perfectly timed.... my friend who was sooooo hesitant on watching it, laughed hard (the guy who told me to watch Titan AE, Gone in 60 Seconds.... ugh!)  the gross factor in the movie is UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!!! if you thought, something about Mary, Road Trip or American Pie or South Park was gross. this movie is far worse~!!! I won't spoil it.... but the sexual nature of this movie is all over the place!!!! I was grossed out like twice.... which is saying a lot!!!  but all in all, if u like the Scream movies... then you'll like this.... if you can pass the gross factor. I laughed fairly hard since there were a lot of jokes I got since ethey were movie related. but the story was just a Sream parody.
I enjoyed watching this laugh-your-but-off comedy that parodies Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. I loved it from beginning to end; there  was at least three or four laughs A MINUTE! If you love comedies this is  the movie to see. It's better than I expected!
Yeah, the Scream Trilogy and I Know What You Did Last Summer have had their spots in the box office hall of fame.  Their creators and Dimension  films have made their millions.  This could only mean one thing: Time to  mock it to no end!<p>Let's get down to business: This movie was hillarious!  Lousy casting (except for Wayans who plays a terrific pothead) but bad  actors are the key to a good parody.  The plot... well, who cares about  plot, that's the reason this movie was created: Because slasher films have  no plot!  There's only one thing left to judge: The humor value.<p>Well,  it's rude, vulgar, obscene, and keeps you guessing how &quot;far&quot; the  movie can really take the R rating without hitting NC-17.  One way or  another, I was just about on the floor for the entire movie.  Naked Gun,  Hot Shots Part Deux, and now Scary Movie.  As reluctant as I am, I have to  rank this as one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.
This movie is a true gut buster.  I think the ladies will like it since most movies enjoy showing the women naked but not the men.  This movie  definitely reveals alot about men.  But that is okay guys we still get to  see plenty of female flesh especially that fine Carmen Electra.
ok. so this is probably the funniest movie i have every seen. you just keep on laughing. the longest pause without a laugh was about 10 seconds i  think. You really must see this film. it is definatly worth it! `
Vulgar, stupid, not funny, and lot of toilet humor. Overall: GARBAGE.
Relax--accept this movie for what it is:  a &quot;no one's safe&quot; approach to movie-making.  It's a spoof!  Get it?<p>It's crude.  It's rude.  It doesn't take itself too seriously and that's what makes it fun!  <p>Save the soapbox for important issues and enjoy the ride.  If spoofs aren't your thing, don't watch it.  Keep it simple.
The first Scary Movie is just 120 minutes of dumb jokes. Some of which are waaaay too offensive for younger viewers.<p>The second movie is a lot different. Its actually funny! I recomend buying part 2, and go to see part 3 next month in theaters.
The scary thing about "Scary Movie" is that it is aimed to a strong audience of American (As in America the Continent, not the USA, duh!) teenagers and young adults with no sense of good taste and a preference for toilet humor instead of some good comedy. I'm glad I didn't have to pay from my pocket to see this one. <p> Call me an antiquarian if so much you want to, but with the sole exception of a few scattered jokes, there is nothing of much appeal in here for anyone with a high self-esteem. (Yes, this movie is THAT bad) The "jokes" are all in the classical North American tradition and this is enough to make you think for a second time before venturing in. That's right my good sir, we have everything ranging from fart jokes to gross sex and everything in between. The only thing this movie is capable to do, is to show the importance 90% of North American teens give to sex instead of other, far more important, issues. (Well, the horror movies this movie tried to "spoof" already show such given importance, anyway) <p>  The producers, director and screenwriter(s) seem to be unable to spot the difference between the disgusting and the genuinely funny, and knowing that there are people out there who find this funny gives me the creeps. After all, how stupid do you need to be to think that a penis that ejaculates like a hog house is funny?<p>  Case closed.
Scary Movie has no plot, bad acting and a story that doesn't make sense,  but who cares, the movie is absolutely hilarious. I was cracking up  laughing numerous times throughout the movie. It spoofs the Scream type  movies with a variety of gags and some crude humour. If you are a fan of  those Scream movies or even if you are not, you should still checkout this  movie, its great for a laugh.
After the huge success of "Scream" and other popular teen horror films, it wasn't too long for Hollywood to create a side-splitting parody of the popular movie genre with the blockbuster comedy "Scary Movie". A group of dim-witted teens (oddly played by actors and actresses in their 20s and 30s) are being murdered by a masked maniac. "Scary Movie" is a hysterical gross-out parody that ranks as one of the funniest comedies of 2000. Though I'm not a fan of teen horror movies, there are enough unforgettable and wildly entertaining comic scenes that will keep viewers laughing from start to finish. Director Keenan Ivory Wayans (Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood) has surpassed the Farrelly brothers' unique talent for crude humor with some of the most outrageous comic scenes in years. The comic cast includes Marlon Wayans (Senseless), Shannon Elizabeth (American Pie), Jon Abrahams (The Faculty), Cheri Oteri (SNL), Lochlyn Munro (Dead Man on Campus) and Carmen Electra (Baywatch).<br /><br />If you're a fan of crude humor and film satire, then pick up a copy of "Scary Movie" on DVD. The 2000 smash hit comedy is presented in 2.35:1 anamorphic widescreen format. The DVD contains a sharp video transfer and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 sound. Its special features include theatrical trailers of other Dimension titles on DVD, a short 7-minute behind-the-scenes featurette and several DVD-ROM extras like screensaver, character profiles and "Scary Movie: Guide for the Culturally Challenged". Its six deleted scenes include more raunchy footage. The interactive menus are simple. Overall, "Scary Movie" gets a worthy "B".
Too much adult male humor for my taste. It's expected with the Waynes Brothers, but I love the comedy from the "killer" Its the best part in my opinion.
I have never been a fan of comedy films; my favorite movies are usually dramas, thrillers, and the occasional autobiographical feature. I find most comedies are written poorly and you have to have an IQ of about 3 to enjoy them. However, I came across "Scary Movie" late one night on television and I have to say it is downright hilarious and funny. This film is the first in a series in which the producers and writers mock classic horror films, but they do it in a very tasteful and caring way. Movies like "The Exorcist" and "The Amytyville Horror" are satarized and when I saw those parts of the film I was on the floor with laughter! James Woods, most notably known for his serious dramatics parts, has a small role as the exorcist in "Scary Movie" where he tries to exorcise the demon out of a girl. Woods scenes are the best and he steals every funny part from his co-stars. The bathroom scene where he sits on the commode is not to be missed! If your down and want to put a smile on your face put "Scary Movie" in your DVD player. Other sequels follwed this film, but the original is simple the best.
Hi. I'm intelligent. This movie is not funny, unless you are a foot fungus. I mean, cause I am smart and I know. Get it?
The movie is totally great...  I would buy it... if it would work!  Scary Movie has a defect in it that doens't let it play on some DVD players.  I know JVC, Hitachi, and other DVD players are not able to play this movie...  So do some research and call your DVD player company and see if they are having problems with Scary movie as well.  Hopefully the manufacturers of Scary Movie do a recall as many places have removed the DVD from the shelves because of the high return rate.
It is in my opinion that this movie was horrible. The purpose of it was to make fun of other horror films but they did not do a good job. In fact it was stupid. Who wants to waist 8 dollars on a movie ticket to see people act like characters they have already seen-- no-one. This movie can be summed up in about two words-- a joke! I give this film 1 star because that is the most it deserves.
This is the dumbest movie I have ever seen. It is Sick, Sick, Sick,.  It makes scream I Know what you Did Last Summer look stupid stupid stupid stupid .  The efects are crap crapy crapy.  The must vile movie series ever made.<p>Am buddy who watches this series, is weird, dumb, or a fool.  Don't watch this six movie ug or its sequels.  This movie sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks.  For the love of horrror it sucks.  I hope the people who directed it go bankrupt. <p>I rather watch dumb Chukey and day  thant this.
What a waste. A potentially hillarious idea turned into such a waste of film, and now, DVDs. The flick has its moments, like the &quot;Whassup&quot; Scream guy scene, and a couple of others. The trailer for this movie had everybody laughing hard, but when I saw the movie, I discovered that the parts in the trailer were the only parts of the movie that were funny. Everything else had to do with the male organ, sex, or homosexuality, all crudely portrayed. If you have decent taste and you have seen the comercials, there is no reason for you to buy this trash.
This movie made fun of movies that scared some people but I'm one who would really prefer to laugh...and that is exactly what 'Scary Movie' did for me.  I laughed from about the first thirty seconds until the end and that's not to say that there weren't parts where it lagged, but what movie doesn't(besides the Matrix).  I loved Keneen's little part although Shawn's part was a little unbecoming and I think that Marlon's part could have been a little deeper.  I watched this movie twice and I was going to go back again but I couldn't afford to go three times in one week...and that is my opinion.
I got this DVD for a present. The DVD has so many features, I know see what all the hype about DVDs are. About this movie, It was funny from start to finish. I love the way it makes fun of all those stupid non-scary horror films of the 90's. If you love comedy movies, and who doesn't, then this movie is for you. However, the older you are, the less you will enjoy it as this type humor is for the younger people. I watched it with my dad and he laughed maybe 10 times but when I had a small new years party of enthuastic 20-year olds, it was non stop laughing. 5 of 5 stars. I think the best scene was when that girl went into the gym teachers office and......
This movie was mainly about all the other scary movies of the summer. They combined them and made an r rated comedy. It had lots of nudity and adult  language. They took certian parts out of other movies and put them all  together and got a bunch of garbage that didn't make any sense.<p> Next  time I will read reviews about movies before I spend my money. They should  give all the money they made to a charity and never try to make another  movie of this sort.
If Use A 4:20 Type Of Person, This Movie Is A Must Get. Fasho, This Film Is Off Tha Hook. Them Wayans Bros Has Done It Again. Imma Keep This Short Because I Dont Have The Ability To Write A Whole Book Like Some Of The Other Reviewers. I Recommened This Movie If U Want A Good Laugh, U Wont Be Dissappointed.
Terrible movie. Raunchy, disgusting. Not even funny. Save your money.
This movie had been hyped up in OZ, so automatically I was wary, you see they had also done the advertising overkill on a number of disappointments, like MATRIX and the BLAIR WITCH, so why did I go see it? well a movie buff friend of mine gave this a high rating, so on his recomendation I saw it, (much to my eternal regret! ) Now normally I love anything the talented WAYANS family is involved in, (so I guess that was also another reason why I saw SCARY MOVIE) but in this case I wish I had given this flick a miss!  <p>Why didnt I like this 'spoof'? thats easy IT WASNT FUNNY!  People say AMERICAN PIE was juvenile, given that that movie was about juveniles then it was appropriate, which SCARY MOVIE isnt!  I know this is a spoof, using adults playing useless teeny boppers is part of the joke, and the continual reference to the  slasher flicks is the basis of the film, but really lets look at what theyre are trying to make fun of, C'MON SCREAM is the biggest joke there is!  how can anyone make that movie stupider or funnier than it already is!  Ok Ill conceed, some parts were funny in a crude kinda way like the toilet scene with the the sports jock, but that was a cheap laugh, hardly giving us more than a shocked giggle it was seriously lacking in the HA HA category!  Im all for mindless humour but this movie goes way beyond that!<p>To those who havent seen this movie, DONT!  steer clear of this poor attempt at comedy, now if you want to see some truely funny spoofs go get Blazing Saddles, Airplane, Top Secret, Naked Gun(the first one only) and Galaxy Quest, the difference is amazing!
If you have the regular DVD, do not buy the Blu-ray. It is the worst Blu-Ray DVD I have seen, there is no high def in this transfer. The picture looks digitalized and I was very disapointed with this purchase, don't waste your money on this one.
If I could use this DVD for toilet paper, at least it would provide some value to me. Because that is where this movie belongs, &quot;in the toilet&quot;. I have never seen a movie that is so filled with insulting and degrading &quot;so called&quot; humor. Parts of it were so bad that I used the fast forward key numerous times. I do not mind R rated movies and I own several that I consider excellent shows. This is not an R rated movie, it should be rated X, but alas they don't have that rating anymore. To anyone who might consider buying this movie, I can give you exact directions to the local landfill where my copy will reside.
Product - exactly what I ordered - and delivery very fast.<br /><br />Enjoy dealing with Amazon.
This is one of the worst comedy movies of all time. It seemed like the writers were trying so hard to make it funny, their efforts were way too obvious. It was like the writers were taking a multiple choice test on sophmoric humor. The jokes were not even all that raunchy. I could see that it was funny if you were a) drunk or stoned, b)13 years old, or c)a mental defective. It's better when comedy seems effortless in execution.<p>The Farley Brothers RULE!
This movie is insulting to people of intelligence everywhere. Not just the horribly rendered jokes, not just the one-note abilities of the Wayans stars (in front of the camera), but in the fact that it tries to pass itself off as being in the tradition of Airplane and The Naked Gun. Gene Siskel once said that sometimes what appears to be stupid is the by product of the efforts of a great number of intelligent people. In short, the cleverness of stupidity as represented by South Park, Beavis and Butthead and Ren and Stimpy. This is none of those things. Which part was funny? The... obsessed boyfriend? The severed head still talking? Every joke is aimed directly at the lowest common denominator. And hey, if that's you, so be it. Oh and lest we forget, the rampant racism and homophobia. The 'pothead losers are funny' message, I could just go on. A movie like this lowers the bar for society.
Uh yeah it was called SCREAM! So whats the use of parodying a parody? This movie was such a waste, All that gross stuff was unecessary. And how about a CLUE to Hollywood, enough with the gross stuff, its NOT FUNNY! Whatever happened to pure comedy? Stuff that was funny cause it was brilliantly written, and was witty. Go rewatch Liar Liar, or Analyize this. Two movies that didn't lower themselves to the level of trash to be funny. More of that and LESS of these gross out UNFUNNY comedies.<p>If you thought this movie was funny, Get yourselves to Church and Repent! Or go watch Barney, cause that must be your educational level.
The trailers made the move look absolutely hilarious for one reason: they showed ALL or darn near all of the funny scenes.  During the entire movie, you expect and wait for them and there is no comical pay-off; You have already seen them and know the outcome.  In between the known gags are terrible, terrible ones.  They do produce a laugh just because of their utter stupidity and gross-out factor.  Bottom line:  Haven't seen the trailer?  Rent the film.  Seen the trailer?  You've seen the movie.
This one should have been rated R. It's stupid, disgusting and not scary at all. I got to laugh a couple of times and that was it. I value my time at theaters, and movies like this one really upset me.
Here's my problem with &quot;Scary Movie&quot;: It spends so much time trying to sick you out it loses focus of what it is supposed to be doing: spoofing scary movies. The plot was good: a group of friends hit a man -who doesn't actually at first- and a year later find notes and a ghost masked killer after them. Smart plot mixing &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot; and &quot;Scream&quot; together. Even the &quot;Matrix&quot; fight was neat. So let me return to my problem. If they would have just left it as spoofing movies and not become the Gross-Out-Movie-Of-The-Week, we would all be in good shape. ... .
Well, what can I say?  If you have been reading the other reviews, you know of the films major problem: the nudity.  Normally, I would not complain, but this is MALE nudity.  And as a male, it scared me.  Ok, now lets start the review.<p>The movie spoofs Scream, I Know, and the Matrix, and a couple more.  This is where the meat of the comedy is derived from.  Sure, there are a few &quot;non-spoof &quot; jokes, but they are not that funny.  Except for the Ms. Mann scene, which was creepy, in a creepy sense.  There are plenty of laugh-out-loud jokes, with a few snicker ones.  So, if it is so funny, why am I giving it 3 stars?<p>First off, you can only watch a few times a year, as the gags quickly become old.  Second, the DVD.  While the picture and sound are very good, where are the extras?  The DVD extras are 6 deleted scenes, a 7 minute &quot;documentary&quot;, and a trailor.  While this is a lot for some people, I was expecting at least a commentrary track.  Oh well.  This is stil a very funny movie, even if you can only watch it a few times a year.<p>Also, for those of you out there who think I am low-brow, let me say I enjoy a wide amount of movies, from this, to The Insider.
Although this movie is worth a few laughs for ADULTS, it is basically a glorified porno flick and should not be shown to young children. This would seem to be obvious, but in the movie theater I went to see this sub-standard film, there were quite a few idiots there with their young kids (at an R-rated movie? Couldn't you find a sitter?) and the kids seemed confused and disturbed much of the time. Yes, I laughed a couple of times at this movie, but it was not easy with little girls watching the same thing. If you have a young child, especially a little girl, and let them watch this film with four ... scenes and an adult ..., you are a disgusting piece of trash who should be thrown in jail for child abuse. That was my experience with watching this film in a &quot;family&quot; theater.
Every genre has it's spoof so it should come as no surpirse that 'Scary Movie' was made.  If not for the writing talents of the Wayan's Brothers it could have been much worse, but at least it manages to be entertaining.  The DVD offers some nice behind the scenes footage and deleted scenes which make purchasing the film worthwile.  All in all, it's worth purchasing (if you have a coupon).
OK, this is probably one of the most vulgar movies out.  It even beats the apple pie scene in American Pie.  But, come on, you have to admit you can't help but laugh.  It was funny.  I really feel this should have been an NC-17 rated movie from the get go, but I'm not in charge of that department.  Don't let your kids watch it, but take a chance, rent it and let your inhibitions fly out the window.  I'm not sure if this is one I'll add to my collection.  But if I do, it'll have a nice place next to my copy of American Pie.<p>BTW, my favorite scene was probably the most disgusting, so I can't describe it.  But I'll never look at chainsaws the same way again.
i really loved this movie and i think it's kinda humorous how one of the reviewers on here said to save your money for the nutty professor 2...i'm sorry, but what they said there was funnier than any of the material in the klumps. granted, this movie is really vulgar but i can't help but to love it. all in all, if you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
The summer of this movie I had so many high expectations of many movies and I think I was let down because of the high level of expectation I had. This movie was so hyped up by the commercials and trailers, I thought it would be another let down. However, I thought this movie was the funniest I've seen in years. The theater was packed with people and all of them were laughing continously. I'd definately recommend this movie as a great original comedy.  There are, however, quite a few scenes that people did find offensive.  I think that comes with the territory with trying to set the mark like the Wayans did.
Saw the movie in the theater, 2nd time around. Laughed until I cried. A must see, only if you have seen 'Scream' and 'I know what you did last summer'. Most of the scenes are spoofs of the original movies. Anyone not seen those movies may not understand the real humor of this movie. However, I dropped one star because it was a lot cruder than it needed to be.<p>I will definately buy this DVD when it releases, but keep the kids away!
This movie wasn't that scary,but really it was really funny. Famous actors and actresses like Marlon and Shawn Wayans, Jon Abrahams,and Carmen Electra  star in the movie. They did a really good job in this movie. (I would have  to say that this was their best work ever. They were really funny  characters in the movie. Marlon and Shawn were the funniest in my opinion.)  This movie had scenes fimiliar to THE MATRIX, SCREAM, and I KNOW WHAT YOU  DID LAST SUMMER. It also had plot that were fimiliar to these movies.The  difference was that they were made into funny plots and scenes in the  movie. This movie took place in a small town.It is about a girl who gets  calls from someone, who she doesn't know.(Just in like SCREAM). He tells  her something about what she did last weekend. (Just like in I KNOW WHAT  YOU DID LAST SUMMER). She stars to get scared when her friends start to get  killed by someone. Throughout the movie she tries to figure out who is the  caller and the killer. Doffy who is like a kind of bumb cops istold to  protect her. At the end she does find out who the caller, but it is funny  how she found out. I was really surprised at who was the killer. This movie  was the most funniest yet a little scary I have seen. They won't probably  make a movies like this one in a couple of years. This movie was like some  people say &quot;off the hook&quot;. If you have not seen this movie go to  nearest theater and go see it as soon as possible. This is a must see  funny/not that scary at all movie. HURRY AND GO SEE IT.
This movie isn't really a scary movie, but it is a spoof of mainly I know what you did last summer, and scream, it's hillarious, but it has blood,  violence and nudity of male genetailia(ok i miss spelled that), not suited  for anyone one under 17
ok this film was funny and somewhat clever...it had some great moments and made fun of movies like Scream 2, which I did not expect...but there is  nothing here other than a few laughs...its an ok time passer, but it is  nothing special...some moments are really shocking and attention grabbing  however, especially the scene with the gym teacher(he he) this film is good  for a few, or if you are in a silly mood, many laughs...but these are  laughs that will probably not be there at a second viewing...it was  enjoyable enough for four stars, so i would recommend it to fans of the  recent string of horror movies, as it doesnt really make fun of much  else...
Horror mocking is awesome, espessially for horror fans who know whats going on.
All the movies spoofed in SCARY MOVIE: Scream, Scream 2, The Usual Suspects, The Sixth Sense, I Know What You Did last Summer I & II, The Blair Witch Project, The Matrix, Friday The 13th, Halloween, Titanic, etc.<br /><br />After watching Scream & I Know What You Did Last Summer, you know what the plot to Scary movie is, but the Wayans brothers don't let up on all the gags! Keenan, Shawn, & Marlon didn't disappoint us with this hilarious comedy.<br /><br />For instance at the begining with all the weapons Carmen Electra could've choosen and she picks a banana. And doing a mini Baywatch jaunt while running from the killer.<br /><br />And Shannon Elizabeth playing the helpess victim.<br /><br />Buffy: "Wanna play psycho killer?"<br /><br />(killer nodding yes)<br /><br />Buffy: "Can I play the helpless chearleader?"<br /><br />(killer grabs her)<br /><br />Buffy: "Is this where I'm supposed to beg for my life?"<br /><br />(killer nodding yes)<br /><br />Buffy: "Please Mr. Killer don't kill me.<br /><br />(killer stabs her)<br /><br />Buffy: "Is this where I'm supposed to bleed? Oh look I'm bleeding! Eek! Eek! Oh yeah, I'm supposed to run right?"<br /><br />(killer shrugging his shoulders)<br /><br />Buffy: "Ok, I'm running. Help. Help."<br /><br />(killer looking confused)<br /><br />Buffy: "Now I'm gonna fall and break my leg leaving me helpless. There ya go Mr. Killer. I'm panicing now. Oh God, somebody please help me."<br /><br />(killer reaches for butcher knife)<br /><br />Buffy: " Now what? I guess this is the big climax, hope you don't mind if I fake it. Ahhhhhhh!"<br /><br />(killer chops off her head)<br /><br />Buffy: "Oh look at me I'm all dead. I'm a gross severed head, oh c'mon, do you know who I am? I'm Miss Teen, and you're giving me a headche. And you got blood all over my Gucci sweater. I hope you're going to pay for that."<br /><br />(killer puts her head in the Lost & Found bin)<br /><br />Buffy: "I will not be ignored by you."
There are movies that are funny despite being so crude they can turn your stomach.  The &quot;South Park&quot; film, and &quot;There's Something About Mary,&quot; had lots of big laughs.  &quot;Scary Movie,&quot; however, is just tedious.  If you've seen the trailer, you've seen most of the good moments.<p>The biggest problems: (1) most of the jokes are either obvious or badly set up.  If you have half a brain you'll even predict the reference to &quot;Final Destination&quot; at the very end of the film seconds before it hits.  (2) Some of the humor travels beyond crude into the land of racism and homophobia.  Whoa, yeah, that guy gets turned on by &lt;i&gt;other guys!&lt;/i&gt;  That's hysterical!<p>Sigh.  Don't waste your time with this film -- and whatever you do, keep it away from your young kids, who undoubtedly don't need to see an erect male member shoved through someone's head.
First, let me say that this is not my type of humor.  That is my bias.  That being said, Scary Movie is the type of movie that begs and pleads for you to laugh at every given moment.  It almost looks like the actors just pause for an instant and wait for you to burst out into tear-filled hysteria.<p>The movie is what it is.  There's no point in saying this movie isn't intelligent-that wasn't the goal here.  If you like sight-gags and parody driven plots - then rejoice because this is your movie!
