If purchasing THE SEVERED ARM, I highly recommend that you purchase the VIDEO GEMS VHS version only as it is the only UNCUT AND UNCENSORED VERSION AROUND!!! Beware the Cut TV Version offered on VHS by CONGRESS VIDEO GROUP, STAR CLASSICS (maybe others?) as well as ALL DVD versions (DIAMOND, BRENTWOOD and the newly released ALPHA VIDEO). ONLY VIDEO GEMS is the UNCUT AND UNCENSORED VERSION!!!
I randomly stumbled upon this film while browsing around on Netflix. With a title such as this, it immediately peaked my interest. Being a horror film buff, I hadn't even heard of this film, so I knew what I had here was probably just a fairly bad B-movie from the 70s. And that's pretty much what this film is. Not to say its down right horrible or unwatchable, but it gets closer to this status as the film progresses. And towards the end it becomes just plain bad. But I will get into that later. The basic plot of the film (told in a flashback sequence) involves a few buddies that get trapped a cave while exploring it. While being trapped for weeks, worse comes to worse. And after drawing straws, the friends cut off the unlucky winner's arm for food. Unfortunately, help comes almost immediately after, leaving the guys to make up a story about how the severed arm happened, and leaving the victim, Ted, delirious from the entire experience. It's now 5 years later, and after one of those friends receive a severed arm in the mail, they all know that their one-armed friend Ted is back for revenge. Of course, it ends up not being that simple, because as usual with movies like these, there's a twist at the end. In all honesty, I really like this plot. It's one of the better ideas for a horror film out there I think. Unfortunately, this movie had pretty much everything else working against it.<br /><br />This film has tons of problems. First off, its pretty easy to see this was low budget. The special effects weren't good, though there wasn't much of them, mainly only a fake looking severed arm. There's barely any blood in this film and hardly a body count. The sets were cheap looking, especially the cave and hospital scene sets. The make-up effects? Oh boy! Look no further that those scenes inside the cave. First off, those guys were supposed to be trapped in that cave for weeks, right? Yet they look pretty healthy, and haven't lost any weight. But during that time they did however grow the bushiest, most fake looking beards I have ever seen! Its laughable. You just have to see it. The music is typical 70s synthesizer (and xylophone?)  babble. I've learned to accept that with most of these films from the 70s and 80s. but its seemed to get worse (and louder) as the movie went on. And continuity? Wow. This film might have the worst continuity scene I've ever seen a movie, period. It happens towards the end of a film on a beach. It literally goes from pitch black night to bright day, then back to night! It's so bad it's hilarious. The acting , though it isn't purely terrible, isn't great. The main character Jeff is pretty dull, and the character of "Mad Mad Herman" as he calls himself, its quite laughable. It does however have one of my favorite B-movie actors Paul Carr (those MST3k fans out there might remember him in the "It Lives By Night" episode).<br /><br />With all these elements working against it, this film really has no chance to be good. The original concept is there though. It even has "the call is coming from inside the house" gag that predates When a Stranger Calls by 6 years. Overall, this film is a great candidate for a remake. I don't see why Hollywood doesn't dig out films like these and realize their potential. Instead they go for the most popular franchises with such die hard fan bases, there's almost a guarantee of a backlash from fans. For having an original idea alone, I give this 2 stars. Its just a shame that everything else falls flat. Hollywood should take a look at this film.
A great b movie.Has your typical 1970's blood and gore.Not so much as to make you think it was "over done".  The story starts out with a man receiving a mysterious package. Guess what?  It's a severed arm! Yikes! Then the story goes backward in time to when 6 Men are trapped in a mine shaft.  Time is running out so they make a decision to draw strips of paper and the one with the shortest has to lose his arm to save the other 5 from starvation.  Ironically they are saved as  Ted Rodgers' arm  is being amputated and now  a psycho-killer is running around  killing off the rest of the group and removing the arm of its victims.  Who is this psycho-killer?  Is it Ted seeking vengeance?  Will Detective Mark find the killer in time? Also there is a nice twist at the end.  Picture and sound quality good for a b-movie.
Star Classics version of THE SEVERED ARM is unfortunately the Cut TV Version and not the UNCUT and UNCENSORED Version offered by the defunct VIDEO GEMS.
