Warner Archive has finally released an epic film which has gotten sporadic showings on Turner Classic Movies, Director Richard Thorpe's  'THE TARTARS' aka 'I TARTARI'-1961, an Italian/American co-production also co-directed but not credited by Director Ferdinando Baldi made at the height of the sword and sandal craze and unquestionably lost in the shuffle because of that.  It is one of Victor Mature's last epic stints and was maybe a bit too old for the role of Oleg, the Viking chieftain .  Orson Welles as the Tartar Khan, Burundai is just required to leer and smirk but his voice carries the villainy.  The film is bogged down with a soap opera plot by having the Vikings capture Burundai's niece Samia and in turn the Moors capture Oleg's wife Helga.  In a shocking scene, Helga is thrown off the castle walls to her death and causes the tide to turn into a climactic battle to the final fade out.  Director Thorpe who was one of MGM's top action directors in the fifties with credits such as the remake of 'THE PRISONER OF ZENDA'-1952, 'IVANHOE'-1953 , and 'KNIGHTS OF THE ROUND TABLE'- 1954 (to name but a few) directs competently but always leaves you feeling that the film could have been.. so much more.  Director Baldi would go on to helm many Spaghetti Westerns and action films in Italy. Great sets and battle scenes aside, the film is hampered with an uneven pace, a listless music score by Renzo Rossellini and a tired looking Victor Mature.  Liana Orfei and Bella Cortez play the ladies in peril and we have a surprise cameo from the great Folco Lulli. Warner releases it as a DVD-R in a beautiful 2.35 transfer with nice color and sound so 'Hide your women, seize your swords, and prepare for 'THE TARTARS'.  Its better than the CGI tripe epics? flooding the screens these days.
Warner Archives has just released the first Region 1 DVD transfer of 1961's "The Tartars", filmed in Technicolor in Italy and Yugoslavia. An obvious European production, MGM's Richard Thorpe directs Orson Welles and Victor Mature in a battling opus that fizzles kind-a-quickly. "The Tartars" is set in the Russian steppes around 900 A.D.. Viking Prince Oleg is asked to join the Mongol horde and help destroy the Slavic tribes. Oleg refuses and war breaks out. The Tartar chieftan vows to avenge his brothers' death, which occurs, and more bloodshed begins. A criss-cross series of bloody battles and raging horse-charges leaves the viewer wondering who's army is on the screen at any point in time? The Vikings or the Tartars? "The Tartars" lists Victor Mature as first-billed; a successful actor for 20 years, Mature over-acts and hams through every scene. Long-shots of Mature clearly reveal looping and dubbing for him by another actor. Obviously bored, Orson Welles mumbles through his lines and dreams of spending his salary on his own Welles-directed features. Welles is normally installed front-face to the camera, on his large Tartar throne, in a lavish palace set. But, in one sequence filmed from the side, his larger-than-life girth becomes visible. A certain curiousity for Orson Welles fans, "The Tartars" has Welles valiantly sword-fighting with Mature in the final reel; so much Welles' gymnastics may have never been seen on film before. Welles also rides a horse; again probably a first. In 1950's "The Black Rose", Welles' character warlord Bayan charges his horse across the wild plains; but this is only a stunt double. In "The Tartars", lovely Bella Cortez plays the the captured Tartar daughter. Surely an edited-for-U.S. version, this Warners' DVD is generally non-graphic. Constant battles between the Vikings and the Tartars produces almost no blood. The Vikings capture the lovely Vikings kings' daughter(Bella Cortez), who is seduced by Oleg's young brother. The scene ends before anything really happens. Tartar chief  Burundai stages an erotic pagan dance, and then mauls and assaults Oleg's captive wife; again the scene ends before you see anything. This 83-minute version is an edit of the orginal, listed at 105 minutes. If you needed PG-13, you got it. Unfortunately, the lack of graphics produces a generally bland affair. Besides "The Tartars", Cuban-born Bella Cortez would steam up the screen in a series of 11 sword-and-sandal epics. She then got married and retired. Today, Bella Cortez is resentful of her continued success on DVD, VHS tapes, and the Internet. Ms. Cortez reports that her contract included no residual actor payments.
Did this Warner Archive release meet my expectations Amazon asks. Yes it did.  I expected a sloppily dubbed, scrappily edited, poorly scripted Euro version of "The Vikings" or "Taras Bulba" and that is what I got.  Surely Richard Thorpe must be the model for Edward G.Robinson's ageing Hollywood Director in Minnelli's "Two Weeks in Another Town", adrift on the Tiber with Producers who want him to shoot the budget and not the movie: the less it costs the more we make, shoot it in six weeks or we sue you !<br /><br />This film was considered so poor it never made it to any of the three local cinemas I frequented as a teenager, and has never turned up on the regular British TV channels.  So it was on my dot the I's cross the T's list of movies I must see before I die, and the main point of interest for me wasn't Victor Mature's thighs in a toga. My principal interest was what sort of funny nose will Orson Welles come up with. It turns out to be rather a fine proboscis and Mr Welles is the only performer in this farrago who plays it straight and delivers line readings of the nonsense script which are at least the equal of Laurenvce Olivier's in the much lauded "Spartacus".<br /><br />So the film is pretty much what you would expect, but what about the DVD transfer.  Generally pretty good. Presented in anamorphic widescreen but with a sliver of picture cut off left and right so that most of the time Orson Welles guards bodies are sliced down the middle as they flank him at the edge of the picture. Possibly this is because the movie was shot on one of those various Euroscope concoctions that are wider than 2.35:1.  The print is clean and free of scratches but has that thin,dupey colour which is typical of films originated in Italy.<br /><br />Some enterprising entrepreneur should gather together these Orson in Europe movies in an "I'm only in it for the money" box set which I am sure would sell many more copies than yet another release of "Citizen Kane" or "Touch of Evil".
