Director Mark Herman's LITTLE VOICE is a refreshing but cruel comedy set in a small town of Northern England (or is it Scotland ?). L.V. -for little voice- is the only child of Mari Hoff, played by Brenda Blethyn, the widow  of a records's salesman. She doesn't talk to anyone and listens all day  long to the records her Dad has left. She lives in a dream and sings every  evening &quot;a cappella&quot; for her dead Daddy. One day, Ray &quot;  Michaël Caine &quot; Say, one of the numerous lovers of LV's mother,  discovers her unbelievable voice and wants her for Mr. Boo's saturday night  show. That's the beginning of the rise and fall of Little Voice.<p>If you  liked Bill Forsyth's LOCAL HERO, you will be happy to find in LITTLE VOICE  the same love for unusual characters. Michaël Caine gives here one of his  best performances ever and Brenda Blethyn confirms, after Mike Leigh's  SECRET AND LIES, that she is a great actress. Jane Horrocks, in the role of  LV, also gives a superb performance by imitating perfectly Judy Garland,  Marilyn Monroe and Billie Hollyday.<p>LITTLE VOICE can be appreciated for  its humor, its subtle variations on Victor Fleming's THE WIZARD OF OZ or  for its psychological implications. A very good surprise.<p>A Freudian DVD.
Michael Caine, Brenda Blethyn, Ewan McGregor, and Jane Horrocks give absolutely stellar performances in this wonderfully quirky film. The title of the film refers to Jane Horrocks' character who is called "Little Voice" or LV, for short.<br /><br />LV is a mousy, meek, painfully shy and reclusive little thing with an itty bitty speaking voice. She is totally overwhelmed by her brazen and common mother, Mari (Brenda Blethyn), who treats LV with scarcely concealed contempt. Part of that contempt is fueled by LV's devotion to her late father's memory and her fondness for old time musical stars. She has a collection of records by those long ago stars, that she plays over and over, a collection that she apparently inherited from her beloved father.<br /><br />Her passion for this music drives her mother crazy, as it seems to remind Mari of her late husband, whom she apparently held in the same regard in which she holds LV. Only Billy (Ewan MCGregor), the local telephone repairman, a sensitive, young man who trains and raises pigeons as a hobby, seems to talk to LV as if she were a sentient being.<br /><br />Mari begins dating Ray Say (Michael Caine), an over the hill, has been talent scout. Mari is pathetic, as she tries desperately to hang on to whatever vestiges of her youth remain. Ray, a sleazy opportunist, who thinks that he is God's gift to women, does not exactly reciprocate Mari's lavish affections. I cannot, however, think of two people who deserve each other more.<br /><br />One day, LV is in her room singing, and Ray overhears her, but what he hears is "Judy Garland". It seems that LV can sing and sound exactly like those old time musical stars. Ray is in seventh heaven with his discovery. You can almost see the dollar signs in his eyes. He will do whatever it takes to get LV on stage, though his unctiousness towards her only serves to fuel Mari's jealousy of Ray's attention to her daughter.<br /><br />Ultimately, Mari and Ray band together, however, as LV is their meal ticket to fame and fortune, if they can only get her to overcome her shyness and reclusiveness. They do not, however, understand why she sings. It is this lack of perception that that will, in the end, be their undoing.<br /><br />Nonetheless, LV goes on to give one of the most show stopping performances ever to grace center stage. The transformation is incredible. Jane Horrocks gives a performance to be remembered! The only question is whether Ray and Mari can get LV to sing more than once. See the movie and find out for yourself. This is, without a doubt, an exceptional film.
I saw this movie on a whim. For those people, like myself, who haven't yet taken the big steps into 'indie' films, this movie is a good place to start. <p>It's about Little Voice (played by an amazingly talented Jane  Horrocks, where did this girl come from?), a young woman with a voice  that's barely above a whisper. And living with her mother (played by the  enjoyable Brenda Blethyn), I can understand why. But LV has got something  about her. When she wants to express herself she opens up her mouth and  sings. What I was suprised to learn was that Ms.Horrocks does all of her  own singing, which is amazing! <p>Needless to say, it's not long before  people are discovering her, including sleazy agent Micheal Caine and sweet  pidgeon messenger Ewan McGregor. I'm not going to say any more, I want  everyone to see this movie, because it really is a fantastic one! It's too  bad it's not more well known, because the performances are great, the  acting is superb, and the whole feel of the movie is one that makes you  want to get up and dance!
I wasn't expecting great things when I first sat down to watch &quot;Little Voice&quot;. My God, was I blown away. What a movie! What a cast! And Jane Horrocks (Bubble from &quot;Absolutely Fabulous&quot;) what  a voice! A shy, young introvert (Horrocks) locks herself away in her room  where she mimicks Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe and Shirley Bassey in an  attempt to escape her over-bearing, loud, common mother (played to the hilt  by the brilliant Blethyn). Enter a sleazy, slimy talent agent (Caine) who  discovers her and tries to cash in on Little Voice's amazing talent. I  won't say too much more except you MUST buy this movie to add to your DVD  library! If only to hear Horrocks' voice. Yes, she actually sang all the  numbers herself in this movie....AMAZING! Why didn't this movie win an  Academy Award for something? Who votes in the winners? Are they blind as  well as deaf? What's wrong with Hollywood today?
An introverted young lady who cherishes her late father and keeps his memory alive through his beloved record collection is at the heart of "Little Voice," directed by Mark Herman.  Jane Horrocks gives an amazing  performance as Laura, the shy girl with, as it turns out, a very big voice  and the uncanny ability to mimic Judy Garland and Marilyn Monroe, among  others, to perfection.  She lives with her mother, Mari (Brenda Blethyn), a  vociferous floozy, in an apartment above their small record store.  Laura  (whom Mari calls "L.V." because of her retiring manner and the fact that  she rarely speaks above a whisper), spends an inordinate amount of time  retreating from her mother to the sanctuary of her bedroom and her dad's  records, where she immerses herself into the music, as well as the persona,  of whichever artist she is listening to at the time.  For the most part she  is ignored by her mother, who also dismisses L.V.'s talent purely out of  disregard.  Enter Ray Say (Michael Caine), a sleazy, contemptuous,  small time theatrical agent, who is picked up and dragged home one night by  Mari.  It isn't long, of course, before he discovers L.V.  When he hears  Judy Garland's voice coming from her bedroom, he thinks he's found the pot  of gold at the end of the rainbow; this has The Big Time written all over  it.  All he has to do now is figure out how to get L.V., the veritable  recluse, up in front of an audience.  Adapted for the screen by Mark  Herman, from Jim Cartwright's play "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice"  (written originally to showcase Horrock's unique talents), the success of  the movie is assured by a cast that delivers quality performances all  around.  Jane Horrocks does all of her own singing, and when she finally  breaks loose it is truly a delight.  And Herman must be given credit for  not allowing it to be over done; he gives you just enough of L.V. to keep  it exciting and leave you wanting more.  Michael Caine gives an inspired  performance that easily should have won him an Oscar.  His Ray Say is so  finely shaded that you know exactly who and what he is, yet he manages to  overlay him with a smarmy, irresistible charm that keeps him accessible.  His rendering of Roy Orbison's "It's Over" is an unforgettable cinematic  moment.  Brenda Blethyn is outstanding as well, making Mari just unlikable  enough that you can still empathize with her when she finally gets her  comeuppance.  Ewan McGregor adds a subtle charm to the film as Billy, the  telephone repairman who finds a kindred spirit in L.V, and Jim Broadbent  gives a humorous turn as Mr. Boo, owner of the venue Ray engages for L.V.'s  debut.  Rounding out the supporting cast are Philip Jackson (George),  Annette Badland (Sadie), Fred Feast (Arthur) and Graham Turner (L.V.'s  father).  Funny, and touching as well, "Little Voice" is solid  entertainment well presented.  It's one you're going to remember, even  after, as Ray Say says, "It's over."
4.5 stars, rounded up to 5.<br /><br />Jane Horrocks, who played numerous characters in the cult English sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous", shines here as a sorrowfully shy girl with a talent beyond belief.<br /><br />After her father died, many years ago, she resigned herself to listening to his old records, and singing along with them. She soon became a virtuoso, capable of imitating Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe, and others. In equally brilliant performances, Michael Caine and Brenda Blethyn (Pride and Prejudice) the former wants to bring LV's talent to the world, certain that great riches are but a step away. Brenda (LV's mom) is at first completely oblivious to her daughters talent, as she is far too egocentric to notice anything or anyone but herself - unless it's a man. In that case, she's quite the player.<br /><br />There is a somewhat interesting - although perhaps unnecessary - love interest between LV and Billy (Ewan McGregor). It seems to serve as helping LV to open up to the world, but there are so many things/occurrences that can happen to a person that incite change that I'm a little fed up with movies taking the easy way out with a love interest. AND, there was such an occurrence in the film itself. Still, Ewan plays his part well, and while his interest in LV is a bit difficult to understand, it's not entirely unbelievable.<br /><br />What IS unbelievable is Jane Horrocks's amazing voice. You'd think that the filmmakers would have her lip synch while either a recording of Judy Garland, or someone who could imitate her, was singing. But they didn't need to do so. Horrocks did so herself. She imitated all of the artist's brilliantly, and nearly perfectly.<br /><br />It was easy to see, after this performance, what a remarkably gifted actress she is. The characters she played on "AbFab" were hysterical and widely variant, though she is best known as the mentally challenged Bubble.
The most remarkable aspect of this movie is the great performance of all main actors: Jane Horrocks, Brenda Blethyn and Michael Caine,  each one of them as impressive as possible and it is hard to say whose act is the best; is it the surprising wonderfully voiced Jane Horrocks, who makes this movie such a satisfying entertainment, Michael Caine who plays all nuances of the greedy agent (one who knows how to psychologically manipulate mother and daughter) or the great Brenda Blethyn whose every twist of face and body is an act of its own. Mari talks all the time, but in the few instances when she has no words - Brenda Blethyn's face says it all. I am not sure that Mari deserves all that she gets in this movie, but she is punished for all her doings in the unforgettable words she hears from both agent and daughter.<br />Throughout the movie I was expecting some sort of reconciliation between mother and daughter or some recognition from mother towards daughter, some kind words... appreciation...but none of this is here and there is no attempt to cover the real-life truth. This is even sharpened when one understands that yes, the mother is jealous of her daughter and no, the daughter is not just "naturally shy". All falls to place at the movie's climax moment and all is understood.<br />Although Mari's character is unpleasant, she is so wonderfully portrayed by Brenda Blethyn that I was unable to feel any contempt for her character because above all she is a human being to whom you feel a mixture of both anger and pity.<br />The second aspect of Little Voice is the music - Jane Horrocks honors the great singers (Shirley Bassey, Marilyn Monroe and Judy Garland) with her performance that tries to bring them as they were and not to glorify herself. This is quite a contradictory statement as the film was built around Jane Horrocks unique talent - but this is only "behind the scenes" knowledge and not what you feel when you see her on screen. Not a &quot;big&quot; movie and does not intend to be one. The splendid perfomrance makes it worth your time.
How did the Academy Awards miss this rich film?  Little Voice is yet another one of those quiet British gems with incredible performances and stunning writing.  Jane Horrocks is spellbinding as Laura &quot;L V&quot;  Hoff, who, since the death of her father, has been in a world of her own,  where the only way she can truly communicate is through impeccable  impersonations of the female singers on her father's old records.  With the  help of LV's mother (the impressive Brenda Blethyn), agent Ray Say, played  by Michael Caine, tries to turn her daughter's talent into showbiz fame and  fortune.  Don't miss this incredible movie!
I picked this up primarily because I remembered Horrocks' hysterical character &quot;Bubble&quot; in the Britcom &quot;Absolutely Fabulous&quot;.  And I'm glad I got it: what a great movie!  The acting is fabulous (was the Academy asleep when this movie came out?...where are all the awards! ), and the story is interesting (despite what I think is one very minor flaw in the story).  But what really blew me away is the  accurate dead-on portrayal of what sloth, greed and selfishness do to  people.  What a revealing and interesting picture of human nature!  You  can't help but feel sorry for LV when you see what surrounds her.  It's  well worth renting, and definitely worth buying.  This one's a keeper that  you'll enjoy owning.  Horrock's musical performances are astounding and all  songs were sung by her: there's no trick dubbing in this movie.
Laura Hoff (Jane Horrocks) is a horribly timid and soft-spoken young lady, hence her pet name Little Voice.  So fearful and introverted is the gentle creature that she rarely ventures out of her house and into the world  outside.  Instead, she counts on the voices of such enchantresses as Judy  Garland, Marilyn Monroe, and Shirley Bassey as a sounding board for the  pain she suffers form having lost her father.  Living in the sleepy seaside  town of Scarborough, England with a repressive, pseudo-socialite mother,  Little Voice's grandest ability is to communicate by using her melodic and  unparalleled gift for singing, and finds refuge within her music as well as  her father's ever-present spirit.<p> The day comes when a sleazy tavern act  promoter, a role that is splendidly delivered by one of England's foremost  actors, Michael Caine, suddenly discovers LV.  In an act of fervent  courage, Little Voice comes out of her shell and sweeps an audience off  their feet with her incredible stage presence, and her even more surprising  knack for flawlessly emulating the voices of her favorite sirens.  <p>Nevertheless, this film has an even more profound agenda.  Not only is  LV finally vanquishing her constrained sense of self, but also she has  finally begun to trust the another person other than her father's ghost, a  local boy who likes to look after his pigeons.  Ewan McGregor fills the  shoes of the small role, but he is one of the characters who has a more  profound effect on Laura &quot;Little Voice&quot; Hoff.  Furthermore, the  relationship between LV and her mother comes to its zenith when a fire  destroys their home.  The flare up is a momentous allegory for how LV's  rage will cause her to shed her old self and take on the life she was meant  to experience. <p>This picture is one of tumultuous family battles and the  struggle to become self-actualized. What I feel audiences will take away  from this film is the fact that the process of letting go is just as  important as that of grabbing on to the one thing which makes us feel  alive. <p>Let me also bring to the foreground that all songs were  completely undubbed and no lip-synching was involved.  In plain English,  Jane Horrocks genuinely performed and emulated all vocals that were crooned  in this film.  All the more reason to feel the force and craft behind this  zestful and rousing piece of work.
Jane Horrocks is a British comedian who amongst her many talents is a great mimic of female vocal artists. This film was originally a stage play based around her. <p>The plot of the film is simple. Jane plays Little Voice a young woman who lacks self confidence and whose life has been destroyed by an overbearing and grotesque mother. The mother continually belittles her daughter who is so lacking in any social sills that she sits in her room each night playing old 50's and 60's records owned by her father. It would seem that the father was also destroyed by the mother. She sings along to these records and is able to mimic such greats as Billie Holiday, Judy Garland and Marilyn Munro. (Okay Marilyn Munro was not a great but you know what I mean)<p>Michael Caine plays a seedy music entrepreneur who is limping along in obscurity heading career wise somewhere worse than obscurity. He has a brief drunken fling with Little Voice's mother and hears her voice coming from her room. He immediately sees her as an unexploited talent that might just bring him back into the game.<p>The film centres on a concert organised by Caine and its aftermath. Broadly the film is a morality tale in which the mother and Caine get what is coming to them and Little Voice is able to achieve something more than fame and that is normality. <p>The film is both good and bad. Horrocks at its centre is brilliant and it is her talent that is responsible for everything good about it. Her performance scenes are breathtaking made more remarkable by the use of her own voice. It is the other characters and the rest of the film that is the drag. The morality tale is rather telescoped and the character of the mother a repellent and grotesque rather than being real. The end a little bit of an anti-climax. One would imagine that this stems from the difficulty of converting the play to a film.  <p>Never the less the performance of Horrocks is so strong and the premise so clever that the film is worth looking at despite its faults.
Astounding performances lift this movie and make it soar!  Michael Caine portrays perhaps the most vile character of his career with a range of nuance and expression that would challenge even the most adept actors.  It might well be his best work ever!  But his sleazy Ray Say would be just another manipulative has-been were it not for the work of Jane Horrocks' Little Voice.  Ms. Horrocks doesn't just recreate the voices of Judy Garland, Marlilyn Monroe and numerous other singers, she practically channels them in one of the most unique performances I've ever seen.<p>Little Voice or LV for short is a severely withdrawn young woman whose response to an earlier trauma has rendered her mute but for an ability to sing in the voice of past stars.  Her mother, Brenda Blethyn, is accepting of this until linking up with Caine's struggling agent, Ray.  The two seek to exploit LV, albeit for differing reasons; Mom wants her to succeed at something, while Ray sees nothing but profit in a client with more potential than his current stable of strippers and hack comics.<p>Ewan McGregor appears as an equally shy telephone repair man, with Jim Broadbent as a club owner that is every bit as low brow as his clientele.  Beyond the marvelous characterizations, the film's setting in a northern England city makes for a setting of pathos and futility that has you rooting for LV to escape not only her emotional prison but the physical one of her family and environment.  Horrocks will have your heart within the first five minutes and she never lets go.
It's nice to see Caine cast against type. Here he is neither the hero, nor does he retain any trace of his usual London glamour. He is a morally bankrupt promoter, working with strippers in the clubs of Northern England until he finds some decent acts. One such act is Jane Horrocks's Little Voice, a quiet girl who comes to life only when she is singing. The actress's talent and extensive training leave you with the impression that she is a singer who just happens to act rather than the other way round. If Brenda Blethyn's part wasn't offered to Julie Walters first, I will eat my hat! She is stereotyped ageing northern tart, played with great pathos as well as comedy by Blethyn. Jim Broadbent is suitably seedy as club owner Mr Boo, while Ewan McGregor has a surprisingly small role as a telephone technician who has only peripheral involvement with Little Voice until the last scene. The script is full of good characterisation and wry social comment. I liked it because it tells an original story in an entertaining way. Special praise must go to the set designer, who re-created the record shop/house perfectly, even down to the dangerous wiring job. This film deservedly won many awards and I hope to see more from writer/director Mark Herman in future.
This unusual film is difficult to characterize -- the characters are so well-developed, so unique, so interesting.  Michael Caine is wonderful, but I thought that LV's mother & her tagalong friend, silent Sadie, stole the show.  LV's mother is a loud, middle-aged floozy who wears pushup bras, micromini skirts, towering heels & lace tightsn and prattles on nonstop in a barely decipherable accent and odd syntax (I kept the subtitles on during the entire film -- a big help.)  Her best friend Sadie is a chubby, funny-faced follower who never speaks -- the mother babbles nonstop & no one else has a chance to get a word in edgewise.  LV is her mother's opposite -- a plain-jane, retiring type, silent, expressing herself only through the voices and words of the divas on her treasured record albums, finding solace in the framed portrait of her deceased father.  The plot keeps you on edge, but all is resolved positively in the end.  As an added bonus, Jane Horrocks (LV) is, in fact, an incredible performer, able to mimic everyone from Judy Garland in Wizard Oz to Marilyn Monroe singing "Happy Birthday."
Jane Horrocks, Ewan McGregor, Michael Caine, Brenda Blethyn and Jim Broadbent conspire in a northern coastal English town to spin a neat little tale. Jane Horrocks has a remarkable talent, as both a singer and a mimic, and I wanted to stop the movie several times and just listen to her do her stuff more. Brenda Blethyn is hilarious, and it's not just because the script-writer is excellent: a motor-mouth with a razor wit and heartful of disappointment just below the surface; a comic in  the great tradition of Julie Walters. I wished Ewan McGregor had a  bigger part, but then he's the silent counterpart to Little Voice. My only criticism is that the last part of the movie is a little too conceptual: we're obviously meant to feel that Little Voice has gained a great freedom (all the references to Judy Garland, bluebirds, etc), but I didn't feel that I had actually SEEN that. Little Voice's  attachment to her father is almost disturbing, and although it's meant to be a happy, feel-good ending, I couldn't help feeling anxious for Ewan McGregor's character - will he ever be able to make up for her missing, saintly Dad?<p>If you liked this movie, especially Brenda Blethyn, check out &quot;Secrets and Lies&quot;.
Another small, scene stealer film from England, Little Voice is loaded with three  tour de force performance s by Jane Horrocks, Michael Caine, and  Blenda Blethyn.  Horrocks is &quot;Little Voice,&quot; the shyest of the shy daughter of a dead record store owner who is overshadowed by the obnoxious mother of mother's (Blethyn).  Caine is a small time promoter who hears LV singing to her old 33 LP collection and realizes she is a golden opportunity for him to make it to the big time.  LV sings to avoid the reality of her mother and her mother's lovers, but mostly, she sings to remember her father, the only kindness in her wretched life.  Ewan McGregor in a small bit part befriends LV, but it is Horrocks stunning singing voice that captures the film and attention.  Reprising her stage role, Horrock's dead on immitations of Garland, Shirley Bassey, and Marilyn Monroe are superb.<p>This film is a gem and should be a part of every film library both for it's story and the music.
Jane Horrocks' performance as LV was the best I've seen in a movie.  Who knew that people with that much talent were permitted to exist in our society?  Of course the rest of the cast was stunning as well...Brenda  Blethyn was much more deserving of the academy award than Judi Dench.  She  really made me hate her and her loud mouth, uncaring ways, yet in the end  she got my sympathy, something I'm never willing to give out.  And Michale  Caine's own performance as he sings of his washed up carreer is worth  seeing.  The script is funny at times and devastating at others, and it  isn't the happiest of stories, but it has more spirit than can usually be  captured on film.
...of my multi region dvd player...and though the dvd came from overseas and is in a different format i experienced no problems...the time it took for delivery seemed reasonable and the condition was as promised.
Vulgar, hilarious, surreal and sad. Another addition to the 'Full Monty' and 'Brassed Off' genre that are such a delight to watch. 'Little Voice' tells the story of a girl who seemingly imprisons herself in her upstairs room with a collection of her father's records, and who is talent-spotted by a sleazy talent-scout who overhears her amazing vocal impressions of female singers. All this happens against the backdrop of the nitty-gritty of a Yorkshire seaside town. Comedy through sadness; laughter through tears. Fantastic performance by the lovely Jane Horrocks as the sweet LV, and she did her own musical impressions, which were passable, but not perfect. But that doesn't matter, as it isn't really the point. If you liked 'Brassed Off' and 'The Full Monty' you'll love this! get it!
I had recently seen the play "Rise and Fall Of Little Voice" on stage in London and really enjoyed it so I couldn't resist seeing the film version with Michael Caine to compare. The film exceeded my expectations. The story of an introverted girl who mimics famous vocalists and her boozy loud and obnoxious Mom is incredibly well written and the actors in the film version are all terrific. This is a sad tale of desperation and family strife with some elements of dark comedy provided by Caine and the small time show biz type he represents. The surprise is the musical performance of Jane Horracks in the title role. She is fantastic. If I had to say which was better the film or stage version- I'm not sure I could pick. They were both great.
I actually enjoyed the film when I watched it; it was only after reading some of the more critical reviews here that I started to think about it and realize that it didn't entirely work for me.<br />(Maybe the moral is not to think about films too much, if you just want to enjoy them.)<br /><br />I think that problem with the film is that it was conceived as a showcase for Jane Horrock's vocal impersonations.  A stage show was built around them, with a story that, according to people who saw it, was much deeper in character development.  Apparently the film's version cut out much of the mother's character, which would make the film more meaningful and believable.<br /><br />Besides that,I think that the main problem I had with the film was that I didn't much care for the much lauded performance. I did laugh out loud at her "Marlene Dietrich" but her "Judy Garland" was sort of creepy and her "Marilyn Monroe" was pathetic.<br /><br />So this whole story was constructed around this performance and, at the end of it I had to say "Much to do about Nothing."<br /><br />We find out, at the end, that "Little Voice's" real name is "Laura," hence my reference to "Laura Wingfield", another pathologically shy heroine with an overbearing cruel mother, in "The Glass Menagerie."  Tennesse Williams did it much better!  Laurence Olivier did a star turn as "Archie" someone, another down-on-his luck British entertainer, in the film, "The Entertainer."<br />Here Michael Caine gives another terrific performance of the same kind of guy.  He almost makes the film worth seeing.<br /><br />The character of Little Voice is not very believable.  She goes from practically catatonic, rarely speaks, never leaves the house, doesn't make eye contact, etc. to a vibrant happy person helping her new love train his pigeons.  It's a nice thought but really strains credibility.<br /><br />However, if you just want a feel good film that doesn't make you think too much, this may be just the thing.
I enjoyed this movie.  I was told about it by a friend and decided to buy it, as it wasn't in the video store that i frequent.  I'm glad to have it in my collection.  The fact that she actually sings her songs in the movie is fascinating to me.  I enjoyed her in Absolutely Fabulous, but had no idea she was a dramatic actress with such vocal skills.
Fabulous sleeper of a movie. Brenda Blethyn and Michael Caine were terrific and Jane Horrocks' singing a revelation. Ewan McGregor was a nice surprise as Little Voice's beau.
Horrocks is a wonder!  Why isn't she famous here in America?  I hope her amazing talent is appreciated in the UK.<br /><br />In many ways this movie reminded me of old-fashioned musical romances - but with many modern twists keeping it from being predictable. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
This little gem of movie often gets overlooked by Americans.  The star is the same woman who plays the ditzy secretary, Bubble, on AB FAB.  Her voice is so incredible at first I did not believe it was "Bubble" doing the singing.  Great story, don't miss this one.
Judy Garland, Marlena Deitrich, Shirley Bassey, and Marilyn Monroe are L.V.'s (short for Little Voice) best friends in the world!  On 33 1/3 LP's, that is!<br /><br />L.V. Hoff, played specactularly by Absolutely Fabulous' Miss Jane Horrocks, is a timid, shy, mousy young girl who cloisters herself in her bedroom day after day and plays her dear, dead father's record collection over and over again.  You see, L.V. and her boisterous, overbearing, abusive pig of a mother, Mari played wonderfully by the great Brenda Blethyn live above the family business, Hoff Records.<br /><br />Enter telephone men George and Billy, (Philip Jackson & Ewan McGregor). They install Mari's first phone in the Hoff's small flat.  Billy is a backward chap himself with only his homing pigeons as friends but once he meets L.V., he is smitten and so is she.<br /><br />Mari, always on the lookout for a new beau, finds one in talent producer, Ray Say, played by a great Michael Caine.  So great, in fact that Michael was nominated for an Oscar for his performance of the producer/womanizer/lothario Mr. Ray Say. After Ray hears L.V. singing in her upstairs bedroom he knows he has found a star and pawns everything he owns to make money and exploit L.V.'s singing talent.<br /><br />L.V. debuts at Mr. Boo's (Jim Broadbent) variety club but gets a terrible case of stage fright and ends up being "booed" off the stage.<br /><br />Of course, Ray wants L.V. to try again so under the influence of Ray, Mari and her friend Sadie, played by Annette Badland, L.V. agrees to do one more show.  L.V. is a HIT with her impersonations of all her and her father's favorite singers and actors. Ray makes a BOATLOAD of money, wants L.V. to come away with him, Mari gets jealous and lots of other crazy things happen with a shocker of an ending that you won't forget!<br /><br />This movie was adapted from the stage play of the same name that was written especially for Jane Horrocks in mind as Little Voice.  I don't understand how Miss Horrocks was passed over for an Oscar nomination herself.  She is splendid in this film as is the whole cast of characters.<br /><br />Highly Recommended and Happy Watching!
Jane Horrocks demonstrates amazing Liza-in-her-prime-like talent here.  And Brenda Blethyn turns in her usual strong performance (although using the subtitle feature on the DVD might be a smart way to penetrate that often unintelligible accent).<p>However, this movie revolves around Michael Caine's spectacular performance as talent scout / manager Ray Say.  I just watched Caine's latest film, &quot;The Quiet American.&quot;  Put these three recent films together - Little Voice, Cider House Rules, The Quiet American and you've got three tremendous performances in *completely* different roles.  To me, the Ray Say role is far and away the best of the lot, yet it was the only one not nominated for an Academy Award.  At least the BAFTAs were paying attention.
My wife, daughter and I just watched this and loved it.<p>We were amazed to see at the end that Jane Horrocks actually did her own singing.  Amazing!<p>This was a sweet story.  Michael Caine was fantastic giving what was probably his most &quot;real&quot; performance.  And Ewan McGregor was great in a surprisingly timid role as a shy suitor.<p>We also laughed quite a bit at the great subtle humor in the film.  Keep a lookout for the scene where the old couple dressed like indians prepare to go on stage with their knife throwing act.
I was highly impressed with Little Voice. It is a film that moved me, made me laugh, and almost made me cry. The acting is simply awesome, especially by the wonderful Jane Horrocks, and the awesome Brenda Blythen. <p>Laura  Hoff (Horrocks) is a soft-spoken young woman living in Britian, who gets  called Little Voice, for she does not speak often. When Ray (Michael  'Marvellous' Caine) discovers her ability to sing like Judy Garland,  Marilyn Monroe and Shirly Bassie, he leads her to showbusiness. But how  does L.V. feel?<p>I guarantee you will not be disappointed with Little  Voice, it is a heartfelt yet funny comedy that keeps you stuck to your  seat. Enjoy!
Filmed in Scarborough, Yorkshire, by a director (Mark Herman) who has his finger on the pulse of real Yorkshire life (witness &quot;Brassed  Off&quot;). This film should have cleaned up at the Oscars. Michael Caine  at his sensational best!
I thoroughly enjoyed this gem of a film. The story is simple and not a little metaphorical. The finding of one's own voice is something that many of us can relate to. Unfortunately though, I was left with the jarring,  discordant memories of Michael Caine's character and LV's mother  dominanting my impression, at the expense of some of the more exquisitly  delicate aspects of the story. Ewan McGregor's Billy was brilliantly  underplayed and the perfect foil for Jane Horrock's LV. I replayed all of  their scenes to balance the lingering discord, and that worked relatively  well. I think if the director and the editor had been more judicious in  their decisions about the length of time that overwhelming characters were  on screen the film would have been a masterpiece.
wow!what a great moviÅ!So underrated,but definetly one of the best comedy dramas ive seen in yrs!the concept is so unique.a troubled youn girl living with her promiscuous mother who has qute a voice.after her mother begins to sleep with the dashing michael cane,he discovers her brilliant young lady,and gives her a job at his resteraunt!she is quite a hit,but sadness awaits too.all i have to say is if you havent seen this movie,you must.it has it all-its funny,sad,touching,and posses a brilliant cast,witty charm,a sadness of sorts,and potential to be one of the best movies of the year!
I saw this film 3 times in the movie house and it was among the first I purchased when I bought a DVD player... Caine, Blethyn, MacGregor and Horrocks are all at their best in this film(husshhh; Blethyn a bit better than the others...) For anyone, everywhere, who has lost a friend, a loved one(here a father) it isn`t hard 2 identify oneself with Laura(LV). The stunning thing is that the film could have been about ME in that department. I have always listened 2 Judy Garland - especially when the World has been against me. And by God that voice has helped me. Enough of the similarieties... When Laura gives the all-stops performance, it is a creative outlet and the LP`s doesn`t mean that much anymore. As Billy explains; there are people ALIVE who fancies (read: him) LV. Cause in a a way: Judy, Shirley and Marilyn represents LV`s Dad and she can`t allow herself 2 be rid of him. 2gether with Billy, she opens one of the pigeons cages and set them free - a metaphore really - LAURA  IS  FREE(she frees herself  from her mental and motherly blocks) The music selections are fine and personally I fully enjoy the tribute 2 Judy(though Jane is not up 2 Judy`s level singing the legend`s songs. The music is nicely arranged though). The DVD offers a &quot;making of&quot; and as said, Brenda Blethyn is the standout(compare the fiction personality and Brenda`s own). It is a treat that can be watched - and will by me - repeatedly.
The actors in this film are grand. The virtually unknown (to American filmgoing audiences) Jane Horrocks (she plays the character in live theatre as well) is brilliant as the silent, shy, and introverted Little Voice. She never talks (and is even too afraid to answer the telephone), but sometimes, as if possessed by the souls of larger-than-life stars like Judy Garland, Little Voice is able to sing and imitate these stars. Her nagging and ungrateful mother, played by a talented but always appropriately annoying Brenda Blethyn, is jealous of Little Voice, treats her horribly, and resents the relationship LV (as she is referred to) shared with her father. Michael Caine is excellent as Blethyn's sleazy date who comes home with her and "discovers" this goldmine that is LV's voice and talent. Blethyn grows more and more jealous of Caine's interest in her daughter. Caine convinces LV to perform live (which will, presumably, make her-and him-rich). Caine uses LV's dead father as a ploy to get her onstage, and for one night, she discards her shyness and her fears and gives the performance of a lifetime. Caine sees the profit growing in his imagination and books many more occasions for LV to sing, but she refuses to perform ever again. Blethyn's character grows more and more bitter. Eventually their house burns down, and LV leaves to be with a shy telephone repairman and pigeon-keeper played well by Ewan McGregor who has quietly been pursuing LV all along. The film is delightful for its offbeat charm, although it is a somewhat sad tale for Blethyn and Caine's characters. But the overall story of how LV finds her true voice and breaks out of her shell is rewarding.
There's never been a film quite like this. Brenda Blethyn is at her boozy best as the screaming mother of "Little Voice." Ewan McGregor delivers a very subtle, warm performance as a guy who finds comfort only with his homing pigeons until he meets "Little Voice." Michael Caine plays the loud jerk so well, but you still feel for his character as the agent searching for the career making client. Jane Horrocks is a wonder as "Little Voice", the girl who barely whispers, but who comes alive belting out tunes made famous by Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe, Shirley Bassey and others. Viewers should know that Horrocks does all her own singing, she's not lip synching. They note this at the end of the film, but I think viewers will be astounded knowing it as they watch her amazing renditions.
I saw this in the theater and am on my way to add the DVD to my wish list because it's a GREAT film.  Brenda Blethyn, Michael Caine, Jane Horrocks and Jim Broadbent are all amazing in it, and I agree with an earlier review which mentions Michael Caine's Oscar-worthy performance.  He's unforgettable in this role.  All three actors embodied other people completely in this movie, plus the story is touching and sad and then hopeful at the same time.  Talent, talent, talent, and a powerful story.
This is a movie NOT to be missed. Jane Horrocks is absolutely amazing (as she is in Life is Sweet). Perfect casting all around.
There are so many wonderful reviews regarding this spectacular movie that there really isn't anything else to add.... other than... to recommend getting the Absolutely Fabulous dvd boxsets just so you can see Jane shine as "Bubble" the air-head assistant to Jennifer Saunders' character "Adina Monsoon".  Jane also had a recurring character named "Katie Grin" (who was a tv host, sort-of like an annoying Kathy Lee), and these dual roles actually meet up in an episode that is hilarious.  Jane was nominated for 5 awards, including the Golden Globe and BAFTA for her flawless performance in "Little Voice" and as a result was given her own UK tv series called "Never Mind The Horrocks".  Hopefully, she will take many more film roles that will showcase her many talents, and possibly record an album of songs for her fans.  As far as I know, the only music recordings of Jane are the 2 songs available on the "Little Voice" soundtrack-  "I Wanna Be Loved By You" (imitating Marilyn Monroe), and "Get Happy" (imitating Judy Garland).  We love ya Jane!
Aussies who have seen Malcolm, the story of the socially inept inventor, will find strong similarities with the LV character in this film, and the background music is also similar and used in a similar way. It brought back happy memories of cars dividing in two, and boys who talk non-stop to their girlfriends about boring technical stuff.<p>But the highlight of the film is the terrific vocal impersonations of great singers by Jane Horrocks. <p>I thought the plot was well thought out and ended in a most satisfying way. A great DVD to watch several times, I think.<p>If, like me, you are one of those people who think that characters can be shown to be rough without them having to be given copious amounts of gutter language to use, then be warned there is a lot of this stuff in the film, but other than that, it is terrific.<p>Highly recommended.
I am lover of British films, and this is one of my favorites.  Jane Horrocks blew me away with her amazing talent, otherwise Brenda Blethen would have stolen the show.  However, every character in this film is compelling.  The story is a little sad, but very funny in a subdued way. The ending is quite uplifting.  Not a movie for kids, due to Blethen's character's antics (wherein much of the humor lies), but very much a movie adults can enjoy, and savor over and over again.  I know I do!
I wasn't looking forward to this movie very much, and it seemed to have a pretty slow start...and then suddenly I was drawn in.  I loved the plot and felt so sorry for LV, while at the same sympathising with Mari and Ray...and the ending was so tension-filled I was bouncing up and down screaming at the TV.  Normally I find Horrocks rather annoying but she, like the rest of the cast, was brilliant in this and I was most impressed by her singing.  The only thing is that I felt the film ended a bit abruptly.  Like you never found out how LV sorted things out with her mother.  It was a good ending but it just had some blanks to it.<br />I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes slightly grim social-reality movies, who is interested in singing, or is shy.  Check it out!
Exploring the life of a small community of individuals, we see everything -- the tawdry, the stomach-turning, the silly, the &quot;every day&quot;, the moving, and the truly magic.<p>Ms. Horrocks delivers one of the best performances I've seen, full-stop -- not only for her spot-on impressions, but for the nuances of her characterization throughout the film.  It's hard to say, at the end, if Elvie should be on the path to fame, should be simply left alone, or should be institutionalized...<p>Brenda Blethyn and Michael Caine give great performances as wonderfully over-the-top, if at times a bit disturbing, individuals, and Ewan MacGregor deftly handles his role in the most internalized and understated performance I've seen from him.<p>I can't recommend this film highly enough.
The first time you watch this movie,you will be blown away.A hermit girl is discovered as a breathtakingly talented impersonator of female singers.This movie is filled with entertainment,sorrow,laughter and soul.
Recently, I had the pleasure of viewing this delightful film at home...Michael Caine, Brenda Blethyn (Oscar nominee) and Jane Horrocks delivered splendid performances.<p>The joy of this production, in my book, is Ms. Horrocks, who so brilliantly captures the role of a hopeless introvert whose only means of expression is by singing like the great divas (Bassey, Garland, Monroe, and so on).  I caught her guest spot on the &quot;Parkinson&quot; talk show last week, singing a track from her follow-up CD &quot;Further Adventures of Little Voice&quot; (a la Bassey, no less)! <p>I can't wait to include &quot;Little Voice&quot; in my video library, and I wish the above-mentioned CD (released in the UK) would be available in the US as well.  Great film!!!
I enjoyed the movie. It was funny and very entertaining. Jane Horrocks is so wonderful in this movie, her impressions are impressive. I loved the music, I happen to share the love for Billie Holiday, Ella Fitzgerald and Marilyn Monroe, as does the character, L.V. If you didn't enjoy the film, don't waste your time writing an review with so many misspelled words. Oh, and I must mention, Ewan Mcgregor is very &quot;cute&quot; in this film. I only wished it had more of an ending. But despite that, i loved it still.
Charming film about L.V. (Little Voice), a meek-voiced, shy British woman who enjoys singing the music of Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe and others. Her mother, a sex-crazed record store owner, and the agent Ray Say (a  terrific Michael Caine)both attempt to manipulate her into stardom. This is  an interesting, charming, and funny movie which takes some interesting  turns along the way. Jane Horrocks, as the title character, is terrific,  and sings her own songs beautifully. She is incredibly talented, and the  movie is a charmer. Look for a nice performance by Ewan McGregor as L.V.'s  wanna-be beau.
Ah, this is just fantastic. Not just for Jane Horrocks who gives a mind-blowing performance as LV, an autistic reclusive girl who sings along to her father's old records - and impersonates Shirley Bassey, Marilyn  Monroe and Patsy Kline et al . . . brilliantly! Michael Caine, whose movie  career was almost destroyed by turkeys such as ON DEADLY GROUND and THE  HAND is also superb as a showbiz agent who hears LV singing her heart out  and tries all he can to use her to make money for himself, including having  an affair with her loud-mouthed, obnoxious mother who makes LV's life hell.  When Horrocks is singing on stage, this is the movie's best moment! Ewan  McGregor also appears as a telephone engineer who shows a personal interest  in LV. This is not the type of movie I normally watch, but when I sat down  with my wife to see it, it grabbed my attention and never let me go. But a  lot of recent British movies like this one have been well worth seeing.  Check out LOVE HONOUR AND OBEY too if you liked this, as its karaoke scenes  send up Jane Horrocks's stage acts well! Very hard to fault!
As it often happens nowadays, I was under misconception about Little Voice, thanks to the Hollywood advertizing machine. Constant TV  promotions gave me the wrong impression that LV was another one of those hilarious  British comedies about small-town folk that &quot;make it big&quot; (kinda  like &quot;The Full Monty&quot;, where the guys &quot;made it big&quot; in  their own way).  Since I love British films, I rented it. I was surpised to  learn that this film is not about &quot;talent&quot;, fun, or even music,  really... Rather, it is about human relationships of all sorts and shapes.  It is a simple story, told in a simple way (read: non-Hollywood way), but  it is as powerful as dozen of highly-praised stories/scripts  put together  could be. It is touching, and, though, I said it is not &quot;really&quot;  funny, it makes you laugh thru the tears (mostly, thanks to the character  of LV's mother, played wonderfully by ?) and does have that weaked sence of  humor that we all love(fans of British cinema). I loved this film,  especially the ending.  Oh, yes, the actress, who plays Little Voice,  actually sang all the musical pieces herself....amazing voice, indeed!
This is one great film.  I was amazed after the first time I watched it! This is by far Michael Caine's best film.  Jane Horrocks as LV was incredible!  This film was very entertaining and had a good message.  Films like this don't come along often enough.  Why the Academy Awards did not  nominate this film, I just don't know. Caine won the Golden Globe Award for  this performance and rightly so! See this!
&quot;Little Voice&quot;  is an amazing little film that has to be watched more than once to be truly appreciated.  The leads Caine, Blethyn Horrocks and McGregor are all top notch.  Wait until you see LV's performance at the  club.  It will knock your socks off, literally.  Well worth seeing again  and again!
When this movie came out on video - I hadn't heard of it prior - I rented it, why I don't know. I tend to avoid British 'humor', and find the accents  often inpenetrable. I was overwhelmed by this young lady's talents  [Horrocks] and immediately started haunting the store's &quot;used videos  for sale cheap&quot; bin. Now that I own a copy, I've rewatched it and  gained increased admiration for the other actors - Caine, Blethyn, and the  rest. My unabashed admiration of Horrocks' performance continues and I'm  afraid I will be proselytizing this underappreciated actress and film to my  friends and whoever will listen. I guess you could say I liked it.
