I used to watch The Time Machine in black and white TV when I was little child.  I did not understand what they said because of my deafness.  Now I just loved it in color and even closed-captioned in an excellent condition.  I just prefer to get the closed-captioned video tapes so we could enjoy to watch them.
My dear, dear friend, &quot;time-lapse photography,&quot; introduced itself to me in &quot;The Time Machine,&quot; and I was forever changed. It showed me worlds I had not seen, at least, not in a fantastical sense. As a boy in the Seventies, I was not able to see this film in the theater, but the impact it made on me was equal to a nuclear explosion. The giddy feeling of following the intrepid time traveller through the ages was like climbing Everest for the first time, or stepping foot on the Moon. That may be hyperbole, but the thrill of seeing a lit candle melt quickly down to the candlestick in seconds was palpable. Electric. Captivating. I absorbed every image, every sound, and I was there with Rod Taylor every step of the way. It was an exhilerating ride, and it's one I highly recommend that you take. I hope that the ride is as thrilling for you as it was for me.
By today's standards this movie might be weak.  The special effects are  primitive and it is not pushing H. G. Well's point.  Nonetheless, I have  watched this movie everytime it has appeared on t.v.  It has a certain  charm and innocence, not to mention that Rod Taylor derserved more work as  a leading man.  Maybe it is my &quot;guilty pleasure,&quot; but this movie  never grows tiresome. I recommend this movie to any sic-fi fan (and to  everyone else!).
This film ranks as quite literaly my all time favorite.  It has everything in it:  Great sets, great actors, an H G Wells storyline, time travel, monsters, Yvette, the lot.  I first watched this movie on a Halloween night  on TV many years ago and just fell in love with it.  This viewing was years  before video became available so all I could look for was a sountrack album  to the terrific Garcia score.  Nope, it didn't exist.  Then along came  video.  I waited for years before it came out.  In all of that time it had  not been re-screened on UK TV so I was watching it again with nothing short  of a childhood memory that could have been devastated after so many years.  This was not to be the case.  It was still as good, if not better (as I had  since read the novel, read up on Pal and knew a lot more about the movie)  than it was when I first saw it.  My wife kind of wishes that I did not  like it so much as she finds the poster creepy (see front cover of DVD -  this was not used on the previous VHS versions) and I had hunted high and  low to obtain an original cinema poster which now hangs in our study.  I am  very pleased to see that MGM are tagging on the more recent documentary  that was released seperately over here but was so limited in its  distribution that I did not get a copy.  It features Rod recreating the  role of the Time Traveller (so I believe), some dialogue and behind the  scenes stuff.  I can only say that I was excited when Amazon sent the email  informing me that the movie was on its way and I ordered one right away.  If you've seen this movie and liked it, I believe that DVD will serve it  well.  If you have not seen this movie, don't let the fact that it was made  in 1960 put you off.  It is a vibrant, action packed spectacular that all  should see.  Thank you MGM for issuing this classic.
It was a great book and although this movie is a bit different from the original book, the movie gives us a great look at the view of the future in the 1960's.  Obviously H. G. Well could not imagine a nuclear holocaust to destroy what we know of civilization, but it is a better explanation then what the book gives us and is easier to relate to.  H. G. Wells was trying to show us the downfall of civilization through industrialization, and the movie shows us the modern problem of the 1960's.
The original short novel by H.G. Wells, "The Time Machine", was not written with movie theatres in mind. Wells' masterpiece is a grim and thoughtful social satire - a genre which works well as a piece of literature, but would really stink as a 2-hour feature film... Only a genius could use this raw material to create a decent sci-fi film: The genius of film Director George Pal.<br /><br />The film is enjoyable. It creates a sense of awe and wonder. It includes enough original material to make the film interesting, yet captures just enough of H.G. Wells original tale to be considered a faithful adaptation. What more do you need?
I watched the remake of the Time Machine and expected it to be awesome.  It wasn't awesome, but it was ok.  The special effects were really cool and all, but the story itself seemed to move too fast.  I then went and rented the original Time Machine.  I liked the original far more than the remake.  The scientist narrarates the whole movie and the story is so much better.  I will admit--the special effects were cheesy, but what can you expect??This movie was made in 1960!!  If you want to see a great movie that has mystery, horror, action, and suspense, this is the one to buy.  I reccommend this highly to everyone!!
The sight of Jeremy Irons as the Morlock leader was enough to drive me to the local video store to buy this mid-priced selection.<p>While the new version of the H. G. Wells novel plays to the contemporary youth market with the emphasis on the special effects to create the Wellsian idyll and the deformities of the Warlocks, it does miss the point a little.<p>This, the original, won an Oscar for the special effects and given the technology of the day it was clearly well deserved. The movie itself set the tone for science fiction movies too with it's original setting and the ability to show the passage of time through several devices such as the circulating sun and the tailors dummy.<p>It is the conception of the novel however, which for me emphasises the differences between this movie and the newer version. The central difference lies in the somewhat ordinariness of the society of the Eloi. They are living a simple, almost idyllic lifestyle, knowing nothing much about the world around them except what they need to know. They live in ruins with food and clothing provided for them. In the newer version there is some complex structures which do not make a whole lot of sense as they are still susceptible to raids from the Morlocks.<p>The Eloi suggest a socialist society where each according to ability each according to need whereas the Morlocks represent the evils of the capitalist machine. In the end of course, the victory over the Morlocks is achieved with the aid of our hero who's single minded devotion to rescuing the heroine culminates in defeat of the capitalist machine.<p>Thus the original time machine remains as true to the concept of the novel as perhaps it can be whereas the message of the new is obscured.<p>Certainly the original Time Machine is a little dated but it is worth it.
I've become a bit of a skeptic, and even more of a cynic over the years whenever I hear of a major production company doing a remake of an original movie. I've come to realize that 'remakes' rarely live up to the original, except perhaps in special effects (which they often surpass). But special effects does not a classic make, unless that's all you look for in a movie. I have no doubt that the 2002 release of 'The Time Machine' will trounce the original in this department, but everything else being equal, I doubt it will become a classic, as this movie has.<p>Having said that I must say the original 'Time Machine' is perhaps one of my favorite Sci-Fi movies of all time. What makes this movie special is the great attention to plot and characterization, as well as keeping scrupulously to the H.G. Wells novel, both in content and in characterization. By contrast I've heard that the remake was quite revisionary. <p>Rod Taylor does a splendid job in portraying the inventor with a consciense, the man who must wrestle with questions that have no easy answers. The viewer can sympathize with his predicament of using his invention for the betterment - or detriment - of mankind, no easy task since he is surrounded by friends who can only think in terms of the material. <p>At the core of this movie is his friendship with David, played splendidly by Alan Young (Mr. Ed). One of the most noticeable things about this film is the commaraderie between these two men, as well as their differences: George, the idealist, and David, the pragmatic. Yet in SPITE of the differences, their friendship endures. This is especially seen in 'Time Machine: The Journey Back' a sequel (or followup) to the original movie and which is featured on the DVD. <p>The music score by Russell Garcia is another factor that makes this movie so special. It fits perfectly into each scene so seamlessly that you can't imagine another music score for this film.<p>In closing, the remake my be more exciting to watch, but I doubt if it will be as thought-provoking as the original, which in my opinion is the one, only, and future 'Time Machine'.
Simply one of the most entertaining films of all time.  Great special effects...remember when people built stuff out of real things and had to suspend your disbelief without crappy ass flimsy transparent souless computer graphics?  I'm telling you man, the entrance to the Morlock Caves exists...a truly resourceful ingenius use of special effects for its time!  As a young lad I watched this movie countless times.  Dad's, get this movie for your adolescent son.  He will love it.  I've never seen the remake...I'm sure it sucks for air.  The music is fantastic and is half the experience.  George Pal predicted the moptop haircut with the Eloi actors only a couple years before the British Invasion.  The extras are actually worth watching with an added scene made quite a few years later...highly amusing.  And it's got Mr. Ed's owner in it and he's a superb actor...now c'mon!  Get the credit card out!  And then there's the part when he spins the talking coins and they tell of the recent past.  And  there's the part with the nuclear bomb and the lava and then he sets fire to a Morlock and he explodes and then and then and then....it's awesome.
What a difference watching this dvd compared to watching it on vhs. The picture is so clear!  Lots of extras at the end. This is a great movie, watch it several times a year and never get tried of it.
This is one to watch if you like sci-fi films, but don't like a grotesque, horror flick. The plot is built around the traditional good versus evil with good triumphing.
This movie is one of the better quality movies from the 60's.  With very little special effects the story line is great.  The warning of what faces the world if we don't change our ways is played out very will here.  Excellent actors in Rod Taylor and Alan Young.
Geroge Pal, with his groundbreaking visual-effects and his eye for detail add a sharpness to this classic telling of H.G. Wells famous story.  Rod Taylor's performance is over-the-top at times (as is he were channeling Charleton Heston at times) but otherwise straight-forward and charming.  The Morlocks vs. The Eloi...Hmmmm.  Interesting stuff.  After taking his time going into the future, first stop in the 40's, second the 60's  and then .... on to 802701.  Civilization is in ancient ruins .... technology seems to have expired.  Here are the Eloi, a group of futuristic nymphs and idiots dressed in skimpy pastel togas singing and staring and giggling like cretins.  Life is simple...as George the Time Traveler learns when one of the pretty little nymphettes starts to drown in the river and no one rushes to her aid.  Enter hero George... he soon discovers that there's something sinister in this braindead paradise...enter the Morlocks.  The Morlocks are a group of critters that used to be human thousands and thousands of years ago but were transformed when they fled the surface of the planet (probably because of the implied nuclear halocaust) to dwell in the darkness.  Glowing eyes, blue-green skin, blond fur running down the top of both arms...these creeps mean business.  A siren starts to wail and the Eloi start marching like mesmerized lemmings to a cliff...into the underground.  For...here's the kicker...the Eloi are the Morlock's food supply.  Can you say cannibalism?  I knew you could.  Overall, this 1960 classic can't be denied its rightful place in film history.  Looking back the effects pale in the light of CGI, but they were more pure back then, more real, and people like George Pal paved the way for the things possible today.  This is a great movie!  Be not afraid...far, far superior to the remake.<br /><br />Dig it!
This film has become a fiction classic. Based in an other classic fiction writer, H.G. Wells. A must seen film for all fiction lovers
When I first saw this movie I was only 8. I saw it on TV and -due to the TV set-in B & W not it color. However it had a great impact on me because of the incredible and magical special effects. For a small boy years away from the computers enviroment this was the very best movie of all...and it still is.<br /><br />I wonder why George Pal never become such a great entrepreneur as Walt Disney. Obviously the both had a special gift and used it to bring their imagination close to the public mainly through motion pictures.<br /><br />And in speaking of pictures, Pal and Disney established their own landmarks, from my point of view, with "The Time Machine" and "20,000 Leagues under the Sea" respectively.<br /><br />"The Time Machine" may seem outdated compare to the astonishing CGI movies of nowadays but it has something that will keep it on the SCI FI top ranking: it makes you believe for a moment it's possible to travel through time.
Every viewing of The Time Machine takes me back to the wonders of childhood: bubblegum trading cards, comic books, and George Pal movies. The early sixties was a great time to be a kid. With other classics like Journey to the Center of the Earth to entertain our eager young minds, our eyes frequently popped at the terrific adventures we witnessed onscreen. The Time Machine endures as great cinematic storytelling.<br /><br />When I was little, the movie scared me. Remember, the atomic attack comes in 1966, which was still the future for us then. My favorite part has always been when George fast-forwards in his lab. However, that gave me some anxiety at the time because it disturbed me that he was leaving home and maybe never coming back. I thought the Morlocks were great monsters and seem to recall my friends and I dividing up between Morlocks and Eloi for some play fighting later. Of course it was more fun to be a Morlock than an Eloi. But if you got to be Rod Taylor, then you had ARRIVED.<br /><br />One of the interesting things I noted on my last viewing was the technology. 80.000 years into the future, what remains of knowledge is stored on old "rings" that spin to speak. I turned and looked at my ten-year-old son and said, "That could be cds!"<br /><br />Round, shiny discs that play an audio recording when spinning-sounds just like a cd to me. Even in 1960, this was amazingly prophetic. Also, I mentioned how great it would be to have a replica of the time machine. Then, "our host", Robert Osbourne remarked as to how the prop had become lost and then years later bought at a THRIFT STORE! Just imagine that lucky son-of-a-gun.<br /><br />It's a shame that we've grown to a time when special effects take precedent over character and story. Fortunately, an occassional film comes forward with both (like LOTR) but the newer Time Machine is not one of these. Rod Taylor and George Pal's version is the one to see. Made in the midst of the Cold War, it's a question of where are we going as a species: annihilation or ascension. Ultimately, it is an optimistic piece about the noble possibilities that endure despite neverending conflicts inherent in the human experience. Every generation has its Morlocks, and our choice remains: Are we Rod Taylor or an Eloi?
I cannot say how faithful this movie is to the book, however it is an outstanding science fiction movie.  The cinematic techniques available for this movie are not as garish as you might see today, but are nonetheless very effective in supporting the cracking screenplay.  Rod Taylor's potrayal of Wells is spot on and deserving of special note.  The sets are also exceptional with the period furniture and architecture very well done.  It is a classic story well adapted to the screen.  I recommend this movie to all true science fiction and Time travel fans.
The Time Machine is one of the best science fiction films made and it has always been one of my favorites! The first time I watched this was when I was in the first grade. The movie is about an inventor named George[Rod Taylor] who has greated a time machine and goes on a journey into the year 802701.<p>  The movie starts out when you see David Filby[one of George's friends] walking up to George's house where you see some more of his friends. Then eventually you see George but he's been beaten up because he has gone on a long journey. Then he talks about the story.<p>  In the next part, George is showing his friends the tiny model of his time machine and he want's to proove that time travel really exists. But, when his friends don't believe him he decides to go on the long journey.<p>  Then you see George going through many different time periods into he finally gets to the year 802701. Instead of having a lot of technology it's just an area of grass. There are a group of people there named the Eloi and they obey a group of monsters called morlocks. The morlocks give the Eloi their food, clothing and in the end they take them underground and kill them. So then George meets one of the girls named Weena when she is just about to drown but luckily George saves her. But, soon George gets mad when he finds out that the Eloi don't work very much and they mostly just play, so he goes back to his machine. But, thats when the trouble begins. The morlocks have stolen his machine! They grabbed it and put it in their secret place. So, the only thing left to do is go to the underground area, kill the morlocks, save the eloi and get his machine back and that mostly takes you to the end where George gets his machine back and luckily travels back to his own time.<p>  When George finishes telling them the story they think it is silly but when George shows David the flower that Weena gave to him he starts to change his opinion.<p>  In the end George takes a few books with him and travels back to 802701 to see the eloi again.<p>  The special features include: Behind the scenes documentary time machine: the journey back, hosted by Rod Taylor and featuring Alan Young, Whit Bissel and others involved in the film soundtrack remastered in dolby digital 5.1. Interactive Menus Theatrical Trailer, Filmogaphies of Tayor, Yvette Mimieux, Young and George Pal scene access, languages and subtitles in english and francais.<p>  I loved every single part of this movie all the way through, the story is just amazing!!<p>  This is a sci-fi classic everyone should own!!!
If I only had a machine like that...... This movie get your attention and your curiosity. What would you do in the actor's shoes?. I only wish I had a machine like that....... Overall: EXCELLENT. By the way, the new version on this movie is a joke. This is the one to watch.
I used to watch this movie on ABC afternoon theater after school in the `70s. I always felt it was the best time travel movie. Having seen more recent and modern time travel movies I must admit that this one is still the best. The extras on the DVD are insightful and interesting and the movie itself has never looked better. Any Sci-Fi fan or HG Wells fan will love this movie.
This movie is very entertaining. An inventor has constructed a time machine in the end of the 19th century. His friends don't believe it's true, even when he shows them a small size model. The last day of the century, he tests the time machine. He makes a first stop in 1917 (It's quite illogic here, that nobody has during all the years, walked up to his laboratory to look for him and found the time machine). He continues his journey through time and experiences the ruin of the civilization from a nuclear bomb. He ends up in about 80,000 years into the future. He finds a new civilization which, at first sight, seems to be a paradise. But he realizes something is wrong. He has to help the people, who are everything but driven to change their situation.<p>The Time Machine is a very good movie. It's a great story, good actors, scenery, and Academy Award winning special effects. The time machine looks really cool.
I'm presently doing a "life's review" in that I'm accumulating old stories for my library that were popular in my days of yore. This version of THE TIME MACHINE fell into that category.
If you're watching this, then you know what you're getting into. This is one of the top sci-fi/fantasy movies of the era alongside "War of the Worlds," and "The Day The Earth Stood Still."  A terrific yarn, very well acted and (for the time) great special effects. The transfer to DVD brings out the colors and clarity of the movie.<br /><br />If you're a fan of 50's-60's science fiction/fantasy, then this needs to be in your collection.
We watched this on Prime, being familiar with the story from a children's book that our kids have.  Given the age of the movie (1960) I didn't know what to expect.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality - the acting, the sets, and the story itself.  Obviously there are a few parts that are comically terrible given what we're accustomed to in sci-fi and CGI today.  But they don't really detract from the overall experience, and the parts that are done well are simply excellent.  Recommended.
For a film from the 50's, this one delivers.<br />Would recommend this one to anyone, especially<br />si-fi nuts like myself. You'll enjoy it.
George Pal's 1960 Masterpiece of Sci~Fi/Fantasy is a delight to the eyes and ears. Spectacular colors, costumes,sets and music combine to make the Best Movie in my opinion of this genre of the early 60's. You have time travel,history lessons,girl in distress,and evil monsters.Perfect. Alongside "Forbidden Planet" and "Robinson Crusoe On Mars",this is in my Top 3 Favorite Sci~Fi Films ever!
This was one of my favorite movies growing up at the Saturday matinees. The other one being Mysterious Island. I had problems with the sound and the actors not being in sync with what they were saying. Maybe it was just my computer but it was a problem.
I heard some bad reviews on the quality of transfer but I thought It was just fine the colors werent as vibrant as the VHS I was replaceing but some people may like the colors more toned down. personally I thought It was well worth the price I paid & liked it better than the remake.
Others have said it better so I'll keep my review brief. The restoration work on this film is excellent: great sound, colors bright and sharp. DVD plays perfectly and there is a bonus on here of a documentary about the restoration of said machine, hosted by Rod Taylor, who is reunited with his old friend, Alan Young. They even do a short skit where Taylor attempts to rescue Alan Young's character from his date with destiny (tries to stop him from leaving for France, where he was killed in WWI), which gives fans of this great film one extra moment with the Time Machine cast members. I recommend the DVD to anyone who loves this great H.G. Wells story.
If you are H. George Wells, you long to live in a time without war.  Perhaps that is what drives your obsession with time, the devices that measure it, and the desire, above all, to invent a machine that will allow you to zip through the centuries to a more peaceful and saner era. . . .<br /><br />Tucked away in your solarium, you have crafted such a device.  At first glance, one might think it was a one-man sleigh, with bent brass bars, a red-velvet chair, and a large odd-looking concave copper disk just aft of the traveller's seat.  When the disc spins, the encoding on its rim ( 1 4 2 3 1 4 5 1 etc. ) activates the machine like the prongs on a music box; the faster it spins, the faster it moves through time.<br /><br />You take a seat.  The controls are simple.  Firstly, you activate the display circuits; the switches are on top of the control cylinder in front of you:  yellow is for the "days" indicator, green for "months", and red for "years."  Secondly, you reach down underneath the cylinder and switch on the machine's motive power.<br /><br />To the right of the display is a polished green-mineral lever topped with a faceted quartz knob.  You push the lever upward, the disc spins, the display flutters future dates, but on each stop in the 20th century you find war; you push the lever to its max.<br /><br />When you stop, you find what you were looking for:  a society that is at peace, no war, but when night comes, you discover that fear rules, and in the day, when the siren calls ... well, the attrition of the flocks of humanity goes on, even in the 8028th century. . . .<br /><br />Picture (DVD): 3.5.  Measured Aspect Ratio as:  1.78:1.
I recently bought this movie on Amazon and just finished watching it.  This movie was better than many new movies that cost two or three times as much.  Though this movie was created a long time ago, nothing in it seems to be dated in a manner that lessens my enjoyment.<br /><br />The plot was very good in my opinion.  It is based a written story by HG Wells who is known as the "Father of Science Fiction".  For people who are not big science fiction lovers, this movie should still be a good movie, because it doesn't go overboard with discussion and narration about technical details like many science fiction books/movies.  Wells was very skilled in writing in many other genres, so the movie is focused more on George and the people around him than objects/props and technology itself.<br /><br />I will eventually watch this movie again.
Arrived as stated and in good shape... no issues or problems<br />included a special feature George and David Filby reunite ( both actors have aged filmed well after file was )
This movie is the best every of the time travel movies that has been made. It has good actors,very good special effects,with good background scenery. I highly recommend it.
Time travel has always fascinated me, and of course The Time Machine is the most basic time travel movie ever, right? I've never had a chance to read the book, but I found this an excellent film whose special effects stand up well to the test of time. Today's digital age can make flowers bloom and snails race across the floor more realistically, but the scenes of the sun flying across the sky, for example, were great. And the real beauty of the movie was the story and the message behind it.<br /><br />It's hard to judge anything that might happen 800,000 years into the future. Progressive authors have made some interesting predictions in the past (look at the awesome flat-screen TVs in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000087F6L">Fahrenheit 451</a>!). This story - and nothing we currently know, I imagine, will still be remembered in 800,000 years. H.G. Wells's predictions will not be judged. But in the meantime, it was still an incredibly fun story.<br /><br />The only thing I found disturbing was that the Eloi came across so heartless. They were on the surface a peaceful people, but didn't have any attachments to each other. They were unconcerned when they lost members of their own families. Even in 800,000 years, I don't really buy that people would evolve to that point.
Watching older movies, such as this one, can be quite enjoyable. There is no reliance on special effects, just what is needed to get to points. Otherwise this is a people movie commenting on Welles' vision of what may be. Rod Taylor plays his part well and for once was not the cavalier playboy as in others.  A nice piece was the featurette that included an updated visit of Welles and his friend. Nothing fancy, good watching.
As a sci-fi person, can't find movies like this anywhere except online. I've watched this movie "Time Machine" when I was little in the 60's, It was the greatest. Hey! in those days they did what they can as a youngster to scare the witts out of you, but today's movie technology is even scarier. For me I like the old sc-fi, simlpe and fun to watch all over again. See you in the future.
I purchased this as a surprise gift for my husband who loves older Sci-Fi movies and he loves it!  He knew of the movie but had forgotten about it.  This was not a title he had on his 'wish list' but when I was buying another movie for him I noticed that others had purchased this one as well.  (Great strategy Amazon!  Putting those suggestions on the page works!) I took a chance on this purchase & I want to say "Thanks" to the other Sci-Fi fans out there who helped me surprise him.  Ok...so I can't really write a review of the movie because I fell asleep watching it.  Sorry fans!  I'm sure if you enjoy this era of movies, you will enjoy this movie as well.
This has to be the best time travel movie I ever seen.  None other comes close.  I like the scene where there is a flat screen tv in the background when the time traveler comes to 1966 and a little girl drops her Woody Woodpecker doll.  Great plot and an all out great movie!
"The Time Machine" is an all-time favorite of ours.  Ranks up top with "Forbidden Planet" and "The Thing (original)"  Please note that on Instant Video the co-star Yvette Mimieux is not credited correctly...they have another Yvette listed.
THE TIME MACHINE is a heartwarming sci-fi adventure film which I can watch for the umpteenth time on a Monday, then get ready to sit down on Tuesday and eagerly watch it all over again.<br /><br />Preposterous as time travel may seem to the three-dimensional mind, the idea has doubtless captivated the imagination of everyone at least once during his life. My own wondrous "journey into the future" via this spellbinding film began when I was a teenager back in the early 60s, and I have returned countless times to the gentle Eloi and cannibalistic Morlocks with that same renewed sense of dazzled expectation I experienced on previous occasions.<br /><br />This is a film that truly delivers.  The special effects are outstanding...the acting superb...the drama riveting!<br /><br />Rod Taylor, as the inventor of the time machine, is relentlessly -- believably! -- heroic in the role of H. G. Wells; Yvette Mimieux -- with one of the most crushingly beautiful faces ever to appear on earth -- is unforgettable as the innocent Weena; Alan Young's sensitive portrayal of David Filby (the only one of Wells' friends wise and compassionate enough to lend support to Wells' "outlandish" theories) makes a lasting impression on the viewer.<br /><br />And one of the major, not-to-be-overlooked highlights of this endearing film is the evocative musical score provided by Russell Garcia, which I'm listening to now as I write this review. The sweeping main theme pulls you right into the drama, while the "London" theme tugs gently at the heartstrings. (There's one gorgeous passage here that's straight out of Debussy.  Has anyone made note of it?)<br /><br />Don't miss THE TIME MACHINE for the world, and give yourself the chance to see what great filmmaking was capable of creating 50 long years ago.
EXCELLENT !  A MUST HAVE ...  THE NEW REMAKES SRE NOT AS GOOD AS THE ORIGINALS.  TIME MACHINE IS TRULY AN ORIGINAL AND DONE QUITE WELL.
The movie was bought for my English class to watch after they read the book. They were a little skeptical because it was filmed a while ago, but they ended up enjoying it. The DVD was in great condition.
Really a great buy at this price. Don't be fooled into thinking this is another 'B' Sci-Fi movie. This is really well done, with fine special effects, and good acting. No, it's not Jimmy Stewart and Betty Davis quality, but what is?<br /><br />This is the iconic 'Time Machine' movie. The one all the others hope to be.
I have been looking for this original H. G. Wells classic with Rod Taylor and Alan Young for quite a while. Watched it as soon as it arrived and I wasn't disappointed!! It's a great film, I would recommend it to everyone.
After all these years, "The Time Machine" (1960) remains a very entertaining movie.  Of the five or six films produced by George Pal, "The Time Machine", which was also directed by him, along with "The War of the Worlds" (1953) are probably his finest films.  Both films are loosely based on the novels of H.G. Wells and, for their time, boasted state of the art special effects, for which both films won an Oscar.<br /><br />Rod Taylor is the lead character, supposedly H.G. Wells himself, who claims to his friends to have invented a time machine, allowing him to travel back and forth in time.  His brief discussion with his friends, attempting to explain the principles of time travel, similar to the Wells novel, makes it seem almost plausible until one thinks about it a little longer.  Taylor,  whose British accent slowly fades away as the picture goes on, plays his character earnestly and is surrounded by an able cast:  Sebastian Cabot, Tom Helmore, Whit Bissell, Yvette Mimieux, Doris LLoyd, very likable as his house maid, and, in particular, Alan Young, who delivers a perfect Scottish accent, as his devoted but practical-minded Scottish friend.  Why not? Alan Young grew up in Edinburgh.<br /><br />The special effects for this film are basically simple but effective, using time-lapse photography to simulate the acceleration of events that one would supposedly witness if he were rapidly moving forward in time.  His journey, after a few brief stops to observe the two World Wars and a nuclear attack pointedly set in the mid 1960s, ultimately takes him several hundred thousand years into the future in which he encounters a race of "beautiful people", the Eloi and a race of barbarous beings called the Morlocks who are (literally) living off the Eloi.  At this point the screen play of the picture and the novel of H.G. Wells part company, the movie pretty much resorting to melodramatic action for its resolution.<br /><br />The video quality of the DVD is very good and the sound recording, as a pleasant surprise, is in genuine and high quality stereophonic sound although it was never presented that way in any theater in which I saw this film.  The music is a rich orchestral score by Russ Garcia and adds a good deal to the effectiveness of the film.<br /><br />I thinks it's safe to say that this film version of the Wells novel, with all of its shortcomings, still betters the 2002 remake in spite of the technical superiority of the newer film.  Alan Young makes a brief but welcome cameo appearance in the 2002 film which, unfortunately, fails to convey the atmosphere of H.G. Wells that the older film, at least in places, manages to accomplish,
I remember seeing and being fascinated by this movie as a youngster and while the special effects are obviously dated, it's still a favorite. Make sure you check out the Special Features and see the segment hosted by a much older and stouter Rod Taylor, telling how the Time Machine itself was made, how it survived the years in spite of finally being found in a thrift shop (!), was restored and was used in the 'Back to the Future' movies, among other video clips. His touching tribute to George Pal, the movie's producer, is very moving.<br /><br />No, this doesn't follow the original storyline entirely but it's a wonderful adventure nonetheless.
In addition to an all-time excellent movie, this edition supplies interviews with the cast and those who worked on the film with them. A very touching scene is played out between Rod Taylor and Alan Ladd, reprising their roles in the movie. This is too good of a deal to pass up. Glad I bought mine!
The movie is one of the all time Sci-Fi classics. By today's special effects standards, it doesn't hold a candle, but that really doesn't make any difference because the story is timeless and for the time it was made, the effects are pretty impressive. I remember seeing The Time Machine in the theater as a kid and I've watched it many times since then. When I saw that I could own a NEW DVD of the movie I jumped at the chance. Especially interesting and entertaining is the "new" scene they've put into the special features.
Good movie in spite of the hokey special effects.  But, considering what they had to work with, it is very good.
Remake of the original classic is a classic in itself.  Great fantasy movie... great acting by all.  A must own movie!
One's imaginagion can not help but be stirred after viewing this timeless masterpiece.  If you're looking for a pleasant hour-plus of sci-fi type entertainment then this one is for you.  Enjoy!
When I was a kid I can't recall how many times I watched this film on the television, but it was always among my favorites. It still is.<br />What's great about getting older is how your experiences can actually improve on something that's already among your favorites. Sadly, it also diminishes some of the things you thought you liked.<br />Everything about this film now has the weight of emotional maturity working for it. Today the emotional punch of a man saying goodbye to his world, even for what he thought was a brief trip, holds a lot more poignancy now then it did back then. That's especially the case for the one friend who holds out on the hope of your return despite the unlikliness of such an event. This film opens with a restless man stuck in an age, his age, where he despises man's futility but accepts that life amicably enough.<br />It ends in a similar manner but now that man holds a sense of purpose, a goal he has set and will fulfill to the best of his ability. He starts with curiosity and ends with a motive.<br />The FX of this film are dated. They have to be. But the story itself is timeless. Forgive the pun.<br />The one disappointment is the battle towards the end. The Morlocks are not as scary as before. They're just as vile, but pathetic. I also wish George Pal had insisted on a scene from the book where the time traveller sees the future after the Morlock time when the sun is dimming.<br />Anyway, this has worn very well with age.
This particular adaptation of H.G. Well's novel, though not entirely following the text's plot, seen more times than memory serves, will never lose its appeal, its mystic qualities nor its political ramifications.<br /><br />In the novel, the protaganist, a scientist of great passion, grows posessed to go back in time and prevent the death of his true love. He attempts to prevent her death many times, but she dies anyway despite his efforts under different circumstances - "one cannot prevent fate"?<br /><br />Rod Taylor does a supurb job as the curious scientist, moving into future time, as we see 1960 special effects of fashion changes, and the creation of the horseless carriage. He moves forward with great pace as the earth is destroyed by man. Thousands of years pass, as the rocks of centuies finally disapate to find himself in a kind of paradise, where berry's are the size of soccer balls.<br /><br />Later we find the earth is divided into two types: Eloi & Morlock. The dominant class, (Morlock) and the slave class, (Eloi) as the Morlock's supply the basics of life for the apathetic Eloi, only to exploit them for their own ends. Sounds familiar?<br /><br />Here comes the protaganist to save the day, going back in time to tell his story to his colleagues.<br /><br />The protaganist goes forward in time to create a "new way of life" for the Eloi, however, he only takes one book with him, and the audience is left wondering what book it could be.<br /><br />If you were in the same situation, what one book would you take forward in time to create a new civilization?<br /><br />A favourite as a child, (book & novel) this film has always continued to be food for thought and a personal sentimental classic.<br /><br />A film to have in one's library.
The Time Machine is great although maybe for different reasons now compared to when it was first released in the 60s, the special effects have not stood the test of time very well, but because it doesn't take itself too seriously there is much fun to be had watching blue bodybuilders wearing mops on their heads, a lava destruction sequence that was done filmed with your basement train set and hot jam and where the harebrained futuristic people are all blonde!, all makes the Time Machine a must see and eons better than its remake.<br /><br />Before the turn of the 20th century George Wells builds a time machine and instead of going into the past decides to visit the future. His journey leads him to meet with children of his friends from the past, multiple world wars and a future society where humanity has speciated into two opposing groups. Can George prove it all happened and can his machine change fate? If you like any sort of corny classic film then The Time Machine is a whole bag of that and then some more. It might not have heavy duty thinking behind it like Forbidden Planet, and watches much like an extended episode of Star Trek: The Original Series, but at the same time is its own film in its own unique way. Just see if you can say that girl's name and keep a straight face. Weeennnaaa!
A great movie.  My family has watched it several times, and never get tired of it.
The Time Machine is one hour and forty-three minutes long and was released on August 17, 1960. The movie tells the story of an inventor named Herbert George Wells (George to his friends) who invents a time machine. George is unhappy in his own time and wants to travels to the future. The film starts in the present and George four friends are at his house waiting for him to arrive. George has left instructions to start dinner without him if he is not there at 8 pm. Just at the four guests are about to dine, George enters the room dirty and clothes torn. George begins the story five days ago when he shows them a prototype of a miniature time machine. When the four friends leave the house, George heads toward his lab and climb into the large scale model and heads into the feature. At first he starts off slowly the he begins to go faster and faster until he reaches October 12, 802,701. George lands in an almost paradise world. The only downside is that there are two different classes of people. The first class live on the land and are called the Eloi and they live simple life of no laws, government and civilization. They know nothing of their past and seems to be void of thought as well. The Elois speak in a childlike way. The second group of people is the Morlocks who live underground, operates the machinery, blue-skinned, and cannot stand the light. The Elois are basically cattle for the Morlocks. The Morlocks clothe, feed, and raise the Elois just to eat them when they are adults. George is appalled by all of this and tries to put this to an end. When George goes down a shaft to rescue Weena and the rest of the Elois and is able to blow up the shafts that the Morlocks can escape from. George eventually arrives five days later when he originally left from. His four friends do not believe his story, but David Filby seems to believe some of it. The Time Machine won an Academy Award for Best Effects, Special Effects (1961). The Time Machine is a great science fiction movie and gets an AAAAA+++++.<br /><br />VHS FEATURES<br />1) Theatrical Trailer<br />2) Time Machine: The Journey Back<br /><br />DVD FEATURES<br /><br />Play Movie<br />Scene Selections<br />Special Features<br />A) Cast & Crew<br />B) Time Machine: The Journey Back<br />C) Awards<br />D) Theatrical Trailer<br />Languages
When I was a kid, the Morlocks scared the hell out of me. I still love this film though, lets face it, it would be easy to make a monkeys arse of such a great story but the directors hand is firm, and the little touches that make this film so good are so enjoyable. The tailors dummy with the changing clothes, the spinning discs that provide the back story for the Eloi, its wonderful. My own childhood niggles such as the lack of interest of his colleagues and the lack of surprise of the Scots ginger-haired chap who meets him twice "in the future" annoyed me a little, but these are tiny glitches. Make no mistake, The Time Machine is a classic film and I hope one day my son will enjoy it as much as I did. Have to watch them Morlocks though!
The movie is a timeless classic, just as I remembered from the first time I watched it a long, long time ago.
Just re-watched this movie this weekend and forgot how good it was. Alan Young plays Taylor's best friend and there are great behind-the-scenes stories for this movie in Young's book MISTER ED AND ME (I believe that is the title) also available on Amazon.com. If you love Morlocks, beautiful women, Oscar winning special effects and clever plots, this movie is for you.
I first viewed this film when I was 11 years old and I must confess that seeing this movie impacted my whole life.  I still have drawings I did in grade school of glass-domed futuristic houses with large double entrance doors.  The time machine itself, is so humorous, but it is what they would have had in the 1800s for such a contraption.  I was entranced by the Eloi and their lack of emotion and having to do nothing but eat fruit all day.  My infantile mind thought that would be a GOOD life.  I consider this a much better movie than its "twin" Journey to the Center of the Earth, but they were both great and thought-provoking, especially to pre-teenagers. The scenes and special effects are phenomenal.  It is because of this movie that I probably eventually decided to write a time-travel novel of my own.  Rod Taylor was not my favorite actor, but he did a very good job in this movie.
This really is a great movie in about every way.  It's well written & acted.  It has forsight. It's fun.  There are slow parts for people who can't appreciate the story and/or have a short attention span.  I have a hard time bringing myself to spend the time to re-watch it when I'm in the mood but when I do, I'm always glad I did.  I don't think any DVD collection is complete without this awesome classic.
The Time Machine is not only a wonderful movie but it is a favorite subject of mine; the ability to move back or forth through millions of years fascinates me, especially the future as it is largely unknown. For its age the film is scarcely dated with fine acting and production values, and one of those that you can watch over and over. The question of what to bring with you into another civilization for better or worse is infinitely intriguing.
I was very pleased with thr DVD "The Time Machine", mailed to me recently. It was in excellent condition and met my expectations. Thank you.
Its the greatest, like you saw it the first time. It hasn't changed, maybe it has change a bit.<br />LOOK OUT PAST, HERE COMES THE BEST!!
The movie is still as great as when it first came out years ago. The service was quick.
This was one of the scariest movies I had seen up until it came out in the 1960s as a child terrified that the A-bomb was going to drop any time I heard a fire alarm. When the Time Traveler gets to 1964 and the air raid sirens are going off, that was it for me. The movie was turned off! I didn't see it in its entirety until several years later and I outgrew (mostly) that fear.  I even got a copy of the book and read (most all of) it, for it, too, is a chilling tale of "what if."  I happened to watch the 2002 remake last night and it was OK, and entertaining. It definitely has flashier special effects. (How is it that Guy Pearce can outrun those CGI speed-induced Morlocks?)  Still, this one with Rod Taylor and Yvette Mimieux is the granddaddy.  It won't disappoint.
First i'd like to say that although there are some differences between the movie and book.... i still loved it!<br /><br />Second... while i was reading some reviews (mostly the bad ones) the one that bothered me was that of 'davidfancella,' when says that the relationship between Weena and time traveler is man and pet, that was not how i viewed it in the novel, i did feel a romantic connection and i don't think i was the only one and everyone is entitled to their opinion and their interpretation and i did get a romantic feeling between them in the book.<br /><br />Yes in the book the Eloi were short and i was kind of disapointed that they were of average height here but that is my only complain.<br /><br />The ending was changed and i like this hollywood ending better only because in the book it left me wondering what happened to the time traveler and i wanted to know and this movie tells you what happened, but if you are the type that likes when writers leaves the ending up to the readers imagination then read the book, read the book anyways because i did enjoy it!<br /><br />I think the movie looked and sounded great, even if the evil creatures did look totally fake even if some things from the book were changed and left out. I think it was a great story, and a great cast and the roles were played out perfectly. Like i said, different yet from all the versions i've seen, this is the one closer to the book of the time traveler disapointed with the present who thought that the future was his answer and that humanity would progress only to be disapointed again when he sees how lazy and dumb society becomes. Really makes one think!
THE TIME MACHINE tells the story of (Rod Taylor), an enterprising Victorian scientist who develops a way-back machine that crushes four dimensions into three, so that human beings can be transported through time as well as through space.  The excitement of Victorian discovery is well conveyed, and Rod Taylor, the Australian he-man star, does an excellent job of seeming as though he can think as well as heave his muscles around.  His first moments inside the machine are thrilling, as light changes into dark with a rapidity that astounds him, then light again, then dark, then whole months pass within instants, and then whole years.  When he gets to the future he finds that human beings have somehow bifurcated into two distinct races, the Morlocks a race of strong men who are stupid, the other brainiac weaklings.  Obviously there was a Cold War undercurrent in this George Pal production, and even when we were kids we read the thuggish Morlocks as Stalinist supermen, while the Eloi were us, castrated professors educated out of our balls.  Rod Taylor's mission is to re-insert some backbone into those pale pacifist Eloi and get them to fight back against the creatures of the night.  Yvette Mimieux is Weena, exquisitely elfin and needy, in her leaf-colored linen dress, falling for George (HG Wells, Rod Taylor's character) despite her natural antipathy towards dark men.<br /><br />This is one of the scariest movies ever made and yet, oddly enough, it is perfect for young children.  Maybe we all like to be frightened from time to time.  Funnily enough I hardly noticed the satirical messages in this movie when I was a little boy, all I knew was that I was scared of the Morlocks, pitied the Eloi, and identified with Rod Taylor and I wanted to be the one who would come sort out the mess of the whole world.  Towards the end of the film George is faced with a big dilemma-should he go back to the Victorian world or should he return to the world 1,000,000 years from now where Weena waits for him?<br /><br />It's a treat on DVD, as are the special features and commentary, but Alan Young doesn't seem to have a bit of shame in him; he should have apologized to the entire world for the dreadful Scottish accent he uses in the movie.
George Pal's classic movie is a delight from begining to end, and, surprisingly, much closer to Well's book than his great grandson's lame remake, with much creepier Morlocks. The documentary on the DVD is a mixed bag, with great stuff about what has become of the machine itself, it's rescue and restoration, and also odd stuff with Alan Young and Rod Taylor in a sequel scene that contradicts the movie. The  documentary is dedicated to the memories of George Pal and Mike Minor, the latter a friend of mine who is much missed. Skip the remake and enjoy the original.
I saw this movie when I was a kid and it stood with me ever since. I just love the film, the machine and the overall plot. It just keeps you glued to the screen wanting to know more as the movie unfold. The simple but yet clear scientifical explanation early on in the film is a great suspense setter. Overall: EXCELLENT.
This review refers to the Warner Bros. DVD edition of &quot;The Time Machine&quot;(1960)......<p>I am so impressed with how this 43 year old classic Sci-Fi film looks and sounds on the DVD, that I am going to start with that this time. I wasn't expecting it to look as great as it did because the editorial review here gives it 3 out of 5 stars on both the picture and the sound. If you are a big fan of this film, or thinking of buying it as a gift for someone who is, you will not be disappointed with this transfer. The picture is presented in the original widescreen format,so you won't miss a bit of the action. To watch it you would think you went back in the time machine to 1960 and were viewing it for the first time. It is clear and sharp with vibrant color.The soundtrack is remastered in Dolby Dig 5.1 and is a welcome enhancement.The DVD also includes a terrific Behind The Scenes documentary called &quot;Time Machine...The Journey Back&quot;. The film's star Rod Taylor hosts and fans will love this informative feature. You'll get a good look at how the actual machine was made and the journey that it has taken in the last 40 years as well as other interesting tid bits. This feature has it's own scene selections to choose from or you can just watch it straight through. The film may be viewed in French and has subtitles in English and French.(my only teeny complaint would be that the black bar area is not used for these subtitles, they are at the bottom of the film).<p>The story based on the novel by H.G. Wells is as captivating today as it ever was. You know the tale.....<br />George(Rod Taylor)has all the time in the world. He tells his friends an incredible story of his adventures traveling through the ages in a time machine that he has built. As his story begins, he starts out slowly traveling through the 20th century. He doesn't like what he sees. War and destruction seem to be the fate of civilaztion.He pushes foward, quickly, and the years fly by. Finally stopping in the year 802701,he comes across what seems to be a paradise on earth. Clean air,fruit growing in abundance, and a society of young beautiful people, the Eloi, who don't seem to have a care in the world. But even in this Utopian like civilazation there's trouble amiss.The Morlocks are running things from underground and they are just as scary today as they ever were.So it's up to our guy George to save this future civilazation from the evil Morlocks,and try to get back home to the year 1900 for an 8pm dinner appointment..whew,what a great story!<p>Directed brillantly by George Pal(&quot;7 Faces of Dr. Lao&quot;/&quot;Atlantis the Lost Continent&quot;), the film also boasts the great talents of Alan Young, Sebastian Cabot, and the lovely Yvette Mimieux, as &quot;Weena&quot;, who adds a little romantic interest to the story. The film was awarded a well deserved Oscar for it's special effects(also discussed in the featurette) for Gene Warren and Tim Barr.The movie is rated G, although the scenes with the Morlocks might be a little scary for very young children.<p>A great story, fabulous film and an outstanding DVD. So go back in time, with your old friend &quot;The Time Machine&quot;..enjoy...Laurie
I wonder how many minds were blown back in the day when George Pal's The Time Machine (1960) was released?  I'm not so much speaking of the special effects (which were, and still are amazing), but more so the concepts presented within the film, with regards to traveling in the fourth dimension i.e. moving back and forth through time all while occupying the same space throughout...I know, I know, the ideas had been around for some time as author H.G. Wells had created the work the film was based on way back around the turn of the 20th century, but surely the film reached a large audience, quite a few probably never having read his novel.  Produced and directed by George Pal (When Worlds Collide, The War of the Worlds), a pioneer in fantasy and sci-fi cinema, the film stars Rod Taylor (World Without End, The Birds), in what is probably his best-known role as George, a scientist with a hankering to break on through to the other side.  Also appearing is Alan Young, whom many may recognize as the voice for Disney's Scrooge McDuck (he also was the only actor from the original film to appear in the recent 2002 remake starring Guy Pearce), Yvette Mimieux (Where the Boys Are, The Black Hole), Tom Helmore (Vertigo), Whit Bissell (Airport, Soylent Green), and Sebastian Cabot (Kismet), whom many may remember as the rotund Mr. French from the late 60's television show `Family Affair'.<br /><br />The story begins in Victorian England with the arrival of a group of distinguished looking gentlemen to the home of their colleague George, played Rod Taylor.  Thing is, George invited them for dinner, but has yet to appear himself, that is until he busts through the door, disheveled and unkempt, with what may be the most fantastic tale any one has ever heard, which takes us back five days prior as George, who's an inventor by the way, is having the same group over to reveal his latest invention, a machine that would allow for one to travel backwards and forwards through time.  It's all theoretical as the device has yet to be tested, and George is met with skepticism by all except for one, his friend Filby (Young).  Anyway, after the guests leave, George decides it's time to put his machine to the test, and what do you know?  It Works!  One should know the impetus for George's desire to travel forward in time is based on his dissatisfaction with the current state of human development, specifically out penchant for fighting with each other, and he desires to see a world without conflict, among other things.  As he goes forward he stops a few times but that which he wishes to avoid continually presents itself, eventually driving him into the year 800,000 where the world has become an Eden-like paradise populated by people called the Eloi.  There is no need to work, no laws, no gooberment, just a carefree lifestyle...with a hideous underbelly in the form of a group called the Morlocks, grotesque underground dwellers who are, well, what they are and share a chilling relationship with the Eloi...<br /><br />I found this film to be great fun, and one of the best science fictions films I've seen in a long time.  As far as its faithfulness to the source material, I couldn't really tell you, but I did get the feel that there was a lot of respect involved towards Wells' vision, especially given the film focused a great deal on the moral aspects and implications of who we are and how they may affect future generations.  This, along with superior special effects (which earned the film an Academy Award for 1960) really helped sell the film overall.  Some of the effects may seem quaint by today's standards, but back in the day this had to have been cutting edge stuff.  The passage of time indicated by all the meticulous stop motion work, among other things, looks amazing.  I also really liked the whole `Victorian' feel of the time machine itself, a sense that it was truly created within the time period specified.  I thought Taylor did very well presenting a man driven by his desire to find the best in humanity, only to discover the more things change, the more they tend to stay the same.  It felt like there was real growth from within the character, growth that stemmed from experiencing so much in so little time.  I especially liked the character of Alan Young as Filby as to me he represented sort of the general populous of society, those who live their lives day to day, living within their world, content to make things better through small steps than great strides.  I can't remember the specific dialog, but there was a scene that illustrated this well in where Filby tries to convince George to destroy his machine and makes a remark with regards to how we have to live within our time and make the best of it that we can...<br /><br />Warner Brothers provides an excellent wide screen (1.66:1) transfer on this DVD.  The colors are sharp and vibrant, and the picture quality nearly flawless.  The audio, available in both English (Dolby Digital 5.1), French (Dolby Digital 2.0), comes through clean and clear.  There are some special features, including a theatrical trailer and cast and crew bios.  Also included is a 47 minute documentary that looks like it was made for television broadcast as there's obvious stopping points for the inclusion of commercials.  The piece, titled The Time Machine: The Journey Back, is hosted by the star of the original film Rod Taylor (looking much older), and offers a lot of details about the film, but the main focus seems to be on the machine itself, how it was developed, created, and its long and curious history after production on the original film ceased.  This takes up most of the 47 minute running time, with what is left used to create a sort of reunion tale as some of the original actors resume their character roles for a short bit.  I found this extra to be really interesting, and it helped me to appreciate the film even more, but I did feel it got a little schmaltzy (even creepy) at times, especially when Taylor would look up in the air and speak like he was talking to producer and director George Pal, who passed away in 1980, and I think this featurette was shot in 1993.<br /><br />Cookieman108<br /><br />Oh, in case you're interested, there is no formal seating in the future, only throw pillows, so if you ever get a chance to travel forward in time, BYOC (bring your own chair)...
Like most people, I had only seen this classic science fiction movie on television.  That never detracted from the story, which is one of the best that Wells wrote, but it didn't prepare me for how great this movie looks and sounds.  The DVD provides brilliant color and a generally sharp picture with only a little, infrequent  softness that I suspect is from the original film.  I was surprised at how clean the transfer is.  I did not see any scratches, dust or other defects.  The movie is presented in its original, widescreen aspect ratio.  The sound is also excellent.  It has been remastered in Dolby Digital 5.1 and it is an excellent job for a movie that is forty years old.  As you would expect from such an old sound track, most of the action is in the center and front channels, but it uses the rear channels (especially noticable in key scenes, as when Rod Taylor is making echoes in the ruined dome building) and the subwoofer kicked in a few times, also.  The disc provides more extras than you would expect from a Warner release of an old movie.  It includes a trailer, filmographies for the three lead actors and George Pal, and a very good behind-the-scenes documentary.  The documentary was produced by Bob Burns 32 years after the making of the movie and focuses on the important part the time machine prop played in the making of the movie and it's history since, with an interesting account of how Burns found and then restored the original prop.  The documentary also features a scene in which Rod Taylor and Alan Young recreate their characters from the movie, acting out a scene that might have appeared in the movie but did not.  The scene uses the restored time machine prop to good effect and it was rather touching to see these much older actors slip so comfortably into their roles.  You could tell that this movie had been one of the high points of their careers and they remembered it fondly.  Likewise, Whit Bissel recreates his character in a short monologue full of a sense of nostalgia.  This old documentary was much more informative and interesting than a lot of the publicity puff pieces included on more recent films as extras. I highly recommend this DVD.  It delivers far more than I ever expected and does this classic movie justice.
I saw this as a kid when I was at my grandma's house and I really enjoyed it. I have watched it again as an adult and still find it to be just as entertaining. It's about a man who builds a time machine and goes into the future. He finds humans and a mutant cannibalistic breed of humans who live underground and eat normal humans. He meets a very pretty woman named Weena and they and the others must confront the monsters. It has a great ending and though the special effects are VERY dated, it's still really cool to see the time-lapse effect as he travels through the centuries. The movie is squeaky clean, has little kissing, mild action and is ok for most kids. It's a little scary in some parts but the monsters look so cheesy it's sort of funny. I find it really interesting to watch movies that my parents and grandparents saw. I think this movie is a classic and will be enjoyed for many more generations.
Based on the famous novel of H. G. Wells, a young inventor constructs a device that<br /><br />enables him to travel to the future, to see what the future will depart us. But this somber gaze has nothing to do with a promissory future where harmony and peace will reign.<br /><br />Regardless the spanning years, the film still strike you. Memorable special effects and imaginative stages, where the vigorous profile of Rod Taylor is admirably compensated with that sidereal beauty who Yvette Mimieux was.<br /><br />Georges Pal would eventually the same director of the famous cult movie:"the seven faces of Dr. Lao."
I've had the Time Machine on VHS forever it seems. Taped it off the TV years ago. But when I saw this DVD, it blew me away! I had NO IDEA! Never have I seen every colour in his jacket, every grain of dirt, every hair on his head with such clarity. The time machine absolutely shines with beauty too. I sat with my jaw hanging open and goose bumps on my arms even as soon as the opening credits when I heard the surround sound kick in. My VHS copy always had a really bad audio track, but on the DVD, you can actually hear the faint electrical buzz of the machine running in the lab before he hits that crystal lever. I saw and heard things I never knew existed in this movie.  And it has a fabulous documentary with it, hosted by Rod Taylor, that explains everything we always wondered like what happened to that little model of the machine that he put the cigar in, and the full scale machine itself has a story that you won't believe! All in all, it's a wonderful movie, and everything a DVD should be. Brilliant, vibrant, with gut vibrating audio. (and still better than the remake that was just in theatres) Fantastic!
Great movie about a man who travels through time into the future, and then finds his lover who is absolutley beautiful in the year 800,000. Buy this one, it's a classic
WHERE IS THE BLU-RAY ALREADY?!? HOW LONG MUST WE WAIT?!? WOULD BE AN INSTANT BUY FOR SOOO MANY?!? C'MON HOLLYWOOD!!!
Though the film has flaws, mostly on the corney side, I think it is safe to say that this is the best adaptation of one of H.G. Wells' novels to film yet produced.<br /><br />Wells imaginatively projected the "class struggle" pondered by Marx (of the capitalist owners vs. workers without a share in the means of production) 800,000 years into the future.  In this way, combining with Darwinian evolution, it becomes a struggle between two sub-species: the underground machine-lord cannibal "Morlocks" vs. the above ground, sunshine-loving "Eloi," who the Morlocks simply breed as cattle.  In Wells' fancy, the differences between classes will become so extreme (assuming the absence of an earlier, political solution), there will eventually be an ironic ambiguity as to which class is really which.<br /><br />To its merit, this is evident enough in the film; but the film adds to that a couple of dated (innaccurate) predictions concerning the "near" future (now past).  The result is a risky and somewhat corney ride.  Yet this addition is also fairly well off-set by the fact that the time traveller is allowed to start his journey from the late 19th century (and so from Wells' own time, as in the novel). The film here has a vivid, added dimesion of the curiosity of a time machine starting its career before high tech--evidently by the sheer genius of a lone inventor. (This device was used by subsequent time travel films--as well as by other Wells-to-film attempts, like The First Men in the Moon, but never as effectively.) In the end, the film successfully portrays a maverick and human hero (the time traveller, who is never quite at home in and so rises above any period of time)--one who the audience is at least allowed to hope for--without in any way compromising the scope of Wells' intent.<br /><br />Perhaps it is even some return trip of the time traveller to those "horse and buggy" days which changes the innacurate "predictions" to recent history as we actually know it--a possibility plainly allowed for (though not shouted out) by the screenplay. A question for familiar viewers--would Filby really just let his son Jamie die and his store be destoyed, for apparently no good reason--after having received due warning?<br /><br />The time-lapse photography for the time travel scenes are put to very good use. The visual appearance of the machine in the film, extrapolated from Wells' descriptions, is a remarkable feat of imagination and ingenuity, and is the envy of every true sci-fi buff.  A scene where the time traveller takes a moment to gaze upon and walk about his creation before embarking on his first journey, looking on it with admiration, amazement and anticipation (as if the machine itself were a discovery more than an invention, seamlessly pregnant with the endless adventures it promises), is even breathtaking.<br /><br />The Hollywood swashbuckling and boy-meets-girl aspects are present but not overblown. The wonder of time meets technology is intelligently dealt with, as is the wonder of a man who steps out of his own time. In this respect it is very fun to watch the time traveller try to kindle the spark of curiosity and wonder in the spiritually deadened descendents of the future, who are plainly depicted as having their forerunners stemming back as far as the late 1800's (the time traveller having had similar trouble at that time as well, trying to wake up closed-minded friends and aquaintances as he argues with them about the value of time-travel). The near-futility of his stuggle is very forceful, vivid and effective.<br /><br />The casting is flawless and the acting is excellent, especially for the two main characters, the unnamed by Wells, "Time Traveler" (though very subtly given the cameo name in the film of H. George Wells--the first initial H. followed by "George Wells" only briefly appearing in shots of the time machine's control panel, where the inventor stylistically ingraved it--though his friends do call him George) and his tiny, delicate and fun-loving girlfriend from the future, Weena.<br /><br />Incidentally, the 2002 Dreamworks remake is good, but really has nothing to do with Wells' novel.  One nice twist is the albino and articulate Morlock. Weena is still pretty, but has nothing to do with Wells' novel--even her name gets changed to "Mara." The time machine itself is also good (very good), though it is impossible to believe it was constructed in 1899.  Not so for the 1960 film; I believe it every time--"If someone had made a time machine in 1899 that somehow actually worked, that is what it would have looked like."  Overall, in terms of sets and direction in the "remake," the distant future does not appear as distant and exotic as in the earlier film. Distorted beyond recognition in the 2002 remake is the foreboding, silent future image of the Sphinx, towering over the time traveller when he first arrives in the year 802,701.  This image from the novel is present in 1960 film, and is intended to invoke the tantalizing theme of "the riddle of the Sphinx"--what is the difference between man and beast?  Yet in this remake there are few mysteries.  Overall, the film has the same failings, while at the same time being "maverick" gets reduced to the mundane, like wearing a hat not yet in style. Notably absent is the nearly-futile and perennial struggle of the hero.<br /><br />Does the 1960 version solve the riddle of the Sphinx?  I think it hints at a solution: at the end of the movie, the housekeeper, Mrs. Watchett (evidently a widow, but not evidently without children), befriending Filby, evidently wishes to keep the house light going in at least in one window (in case of the Time Traveller's return)--as such she also evidently represents the future Eloi; the scene is shot just as we must imagine that Weena is also awaiting the Time Traveller's return.  It is his businessmen friends who become the Morlock--though Filby is the ambiguous go between.
I've loved this movie forever and now that's it restored, I love it more.<br />I bought the two together to show my kids.  Wonderful film.
I have watched this many times over the years since I was a kid and it never fails to enthral.
I saw this movie on tv when I was a child.  It made a big impression on me.  I saw it again as an adult and realized it had even more to offer in the way of concepts (above and beyond the special effects).  I know this movie was remade.  I saw the remake, I can't remember very much about it, it was unremarkable.<br /><br />But this version was intriguing, and thought provoking and has cool special effects.  I shared it with my grandson for the first time.  He's 10 years old and jaded by Modern Warefare II type graphics, but he still appreciated this movie.  It has special effects, it has a story, and it sticks in your mind.  What else could you ask for?
This is a good fantasy movie. Rod Taylor is terrific in his role as is Yvette Mimeux. If you want action and adventure, this is the movie for you.
THIS IS ONE OF H.G. WELLS CLASSICS. I SAW IT WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT. IT'S JUST AS GOOD NOW AS IT WAS THEN. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE.
Several 3rd grade classes in my school viewed this movie (rated G)after reading a version of the book.  We'd read it chapter by chapter and reviewed with EOG-style questions.  Wow-talk about a page-turner!  The children could not wait to read the next chapter just as soon as we finished the last.  Watching the movie was a fun way to see the images we'd created in our minds come to life.  This was the original version (I think the best) and because it is rated G, I felt very comfortable showing it to my students.
The chronological setting of the movie is New Year's Eve 1899.  George Wells (named in honor or the author of the original book) is just hours from seeing another century.  But he is not satisfied with that, nor does he have to be.  He wants to go many centuries into the future.<br /><br />The H.G. Wells book this movie is based on was written in 1895 close to when this movie is set.  It was also the first story of time travel by mechanical means.  "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court" written by Mark Twain six years beforehand was about time travel via a bump on the head.  In fact it was this book that coined the phrase "time machine."<br /><br />The movie closely follows the book except that it takes advantage of knowledge of 20th Century history not available to writers in the 1890's.  When traveling into the future George stops during the two World Wars and the year 1966 which was a future year when this movie was made.  Then he narrowly escapes a nuclear blast.  This encases him and his machine in rock forcing him to continue traveling into the future until the rock was worn away over time.  He stops in the year 802,701.<br /><br />George expects to see new inventions and progress.  He is shown some advanced technology but not much.  What he first sees is a lush garden and people, all blond and young, living in leisure.  It appears that mankind has found a way back to the Garden of Eden.  But something is just not right.  For starters they do nothing when one of them is drowning in the river.  The time traveler rescues the woman whose name is Weena and asks about her people's "rather curious attitude."<br /><br /> He finds out more about these people.  They are called the Eloi.  There are people underground called the Morlock.  But they do not look anything like the Eloi.  These Morlocks are blue skinned, big eyed, monstrous looking people.  Over time the human race has divided into two species.  The Eloi have everything provided to them by the Morlocks but they pay a price for it.  They all must eventually go underground to be eaten by the Morlocks.  They respond to a siren with the exact same sound that civil defense sirens have been sounding since the beginning of the 20th Century.  The time traveler had heard this sound during his stop in a World War II air raid and in the 1966 nuclear holocaust as people were being warned to seek shelter.  Apparently people had been so conditioned to respond to that sound by going underground that the Eloi were doing so mindlessly.<br /><br />H.G. Wells was concerned about the working class increasingly working underground.  In this story, this perceived trend of his has progressed to an extreme.  There is a lot more to this story than someone going into the future and seeing new gadgets.  On top of being a fun movie, it is rich in social commentary.  The movie gives one the experience of traveling with the main character.
The Time Machine is a "deep thought" movie. This has always been a favorite of mine. I have watched it many times.
The time machine was an excellent movie.  I highly recommend it.  Rod Taylor is a superb actor, and makes this movie a classic.
This is the story of George "H.G. Wells" (Rod Taylor) who is an inventor. He has invited his friends to a dinner and is inexcusably late. Staggering in all disheveled he is asked what happened to him. So he relays the story.<br /><br />A week earlier it was the turn of the century. He was showing his latest invention "The Time Machine." With this machine he could go into the future or the past. Being an optimist about mans future he chose the future. The adventure begins.<br />--------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />This is the definitive time machine movie. There have been others before and others after "Time After Time" (1979). There has been time without machines "Somewhere in Time"(1980). But just as Cecil's "The Ten Commandments" (1956) is the version you remember.<br /><br />There are other remakes or versions of this story made later. The (1978) TV version which did a fair job of portraying the book even if it looked like a TV movie; Priscilla Barnes played Weena.  An earlier make of the movie (1949) Mary Donn played Weena. Then they forgot how to make movies and went to today's sound bit razzle-dazzle shallow version (2002) hopefully not the last attempt, looks like Weena is out too.<br /><br />Rod Taylor's time machine is the one that you remember. An interesting side note is that in the book "The Time Machine" by H. G. Wells, Weena was not much worth messing around with and defiantly did not look like Yvette Mimieux.<br /><br />Later in the story mankind breaks into two species. The interesting part is that in the book the reason was social. In this movie it is war and the A-bomb. In future movies it is eugenics. Given today's climate it will probably be social again.<br /><br />Any way I want the fancy time machine and a Morlock suit.<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005K9O7">The Sticky Fingers of Time</a>
This film was made before CG, before Star Wars and Star Trek and all those other sci-fi films that seem to be wholly about lasers and do-dads and weird looking aliens.  See, I never liked science fiction.  I found it to be too nerdy, lacking heart and soul, more concerned with gadgetry and amazingly complicated story lines and stuff I just couldn't relate to.  What I didn't realize is that there is sci-fi for me: the classics.  This was when the emphasis was on the fiction, this was when sci-fi could serve as an allegory to man's plight in the universe, peeling back the layers of what makes us human while carefully masking it's message behind some entertainment.  The time machine is one of these films.  I first saw it in sixth grade, many years ago and remembered being surprised about liking it (again, don't like sci-fi).  But this film has some great characters, performances, something to say without saying it, and some great old effects (again, cg takes me right out of a film, it's just more inventive here if a bit cheesy).  THe picture looks great so I'd definately recommend buying it.<br /><br />But the real reason to buy it is the behind the scenes featurette. It is simply hillarious.  I have never laughed so hard at a featurette.  The pacing is what got to me, the singular fixation on the prop of the time machine rather than an in-depth explanation of the film, the creepy way Rod Taylor looks up to talk to the deceased George Pal, when one of the actors just stares into the camera talking to the audience in character with a slow zoom into his face, the "what-if" scene at the end, the random inclusion of material and the shoving in of the title card every once and awhile.  It's like listening to your grandfather tell you a story about his favorite chair.  It's comic genius (not to be disrespectful to any involved but all seemed highly staged and organized so I feel that I'm not insulting them when I say that)<br /><br />Favorite line: Rod Taylor: "And so the time machine lives on, in Back to the Future promos and other various appearences"<br /><br />Trust me, this thing is genius.  It's like Christopher Guest on his best day.
Rod Taylor, Alan Young, and Yvette Mimieux star in George Pal's &quot;The Time Machine&quot;, a great sci fi movie based on the novel by H.G. Wells.<p>Taylor plays George an inventor in the late 18th century (1899 to be exact) who makes a machine that can go back in time.<p>At first his colleagues are skeptical, but when they see George's small model machine that goes back in time, they start to believe him.<p>George's best friend, and supporter is David played by Alan Young.<p>George takes the machine back, because he is sick of the present time, with war being brought on.<p>He travels to the early and middle 1900's and to his shock , George finds out that Man's future lies in war (which is pretty accurate even up to today's time).<p>He sees how WWI and WWII started, and even sees when his house is destroyed by an enemy plane!<p>George then travels far into the future, the year 802701, to see if mankind has any hope of living in peace.<p>At first, he sees a great paradise with many people (mostly children) play about in solitude. But when one lady named Weena, starts to drown, he sees that no one seems to care. He rescues her, and after talking to the other youths, he learns that they learned nothing from their ancient ancestors.<p>The books they have are old and buried.<p>They have lived the good the life, based on the sacrifices from mankind, and they don't appreciate it (which is another accurate telling of today's times).<p>He learns that Weena is part of the Eloi society which is under the slavery of the Morlocks, a cannibalistic race.<p>The Morlocks give everything, food and clothing to the Eloi , in exchange for the slavery and their bodies as food.<p>The movie was directed by sci fi whiz George Pal who won an impressive 7 oscars and awards for his movies.<p>He is the Steven Spielberg when it comes to sci fi movies.<p>What's astonishing about the film is the special effects that were made without computer help (which in most movies make the movie look more fake than real).<p>The way the special effects people made flowers bloom, candles burn while the Time Machine went in time, is very special to see.<p>It's a great site, from a special effects view, how these people managed to do these effects, with the limited resources they had.<p>He directed &quot;War of the Worlds&quot; and &quot;Destination Moon&quot; which won numerous awards. DVD comes with a number of great features:<p>A behind the scenes documentary with Rod Taylor. A great documentary where he shows how George Pal designed the machine. Taylor even shows us storyboards which haven't been seen in 30 yrs.<p>Even the DVD main menu with Taylor on the cover and the Murlocks in the background, give the DVD a great sci fi look!!
There are a lot of reviews about this great picture and how it influenced an entire generation. All of it is true! For some reason this film ties into the imagination and fills you with wonder. We can thank Mr. Wells for creating the story, but we really owe it to George Pal, Wah Chang and Gene Warren for translating the book into a miracle of romantic adventure. The real draw of course is &quot;The Time Machine&quot; prop. Never in the history of film has a prop been more imitated and desired. The special effects received an Academy Award and it was well deserved. All of the elements of Victorian London in winter, cozy parlors surrounded with friends gathered for dinner, &quot;tea table&quot; chat over the 4th dimension and the recollection of an experiment in time travel utilizing a flashback technique are what makes this film so enchanting. When Rod Taylor finally begins a slow initial journey we see the sky in motion in day and night sequences that are breathtaking in astronomic splendor. As the flowered garden and fruit trees go through their seasonal cycles in rapid progression you cannot help but be drawn into the wonder of creation and the genius of invention! The screenwriters then play with your imagination as we see our traveler stop at different events in our 20th century past and a &quot;cold war&quot; interpretation of the decade in which it was filmed when he stops in the &quot;future&quot; on August 18th, 1966 to witness a nuclear holocaust. From here we are quickly transported to the focal point of the Wells story to a future society of Eloi and Morlock culture. The care that went into this DVD should not be understated. It is a highly polished film that restores 20/20 vision to the frames so that we can see all of the colorful beauty that was originally there. Once again, we can SEE the atomic satellite zeroing in, the clear sky above the Eloi &quot;cafeteria&quot; and the smoking machinery of the Morlock caverns. When our traveler returns to 1899 and presents the flower to Filby that was given to him by Weena you will agree that &quot;that flower could not have possibly bloomed in the winter time&quot; and in the holding of that flower you will realize that this is a magic moment in film that will be with you forever and as Mrs. Watchit gradually turns off the lights in our view from the snowy evening outside you will think about the three books you would have taken and agree that having seen this film you will never be the same again, because you are in love with a romantic idea, TIME TRAVEL.
The Time Machine had a great effect on me. I found it to be enjoyable and it had very fascinating theories throughout. What I liked most in the book was the interesting characters, H.G. Wells' style of writing, the parallel of Eloi and Morlocks to society now, how the book always kept my attention, and finally I liked how the narrator left us questioning the conclusion of the novel.<br />  First, I liked how interesting the characters were simply because that is a vital aspect to a good novel. I was impressed by the Time Traveller, and how he was determined to prove his machine to be a success. The characters whom attended his dinners always seemed a little skeptical of his ideas and theories. The Time Traveller explains his discovery of the fourth-dimension and the Psychologist interrupts stating,&quot;You can move about in all directions of space, but you cannot move about in Time&quot; (III.13.16).<br />  The second thing I liked about the novel was the authors' style of writing. Wells remained descriptive throughout the book. For a novel based on imagination and theories, I found it important that Wells had kept some reality in it. (Reality being the descriptive details in the novel.) With all these crazy ideas going on in the book, Wells had to keep our minds somewhat intact to what his visions were. The Time Traveller describes the Eloi's as being &quot;very beautiful and graceful creatures, but indescribably frail. His flushed face reminded me of the more beautiful kind of consumptive-that hectic beauty of which we used to hear so much&quot;(III.34.33.)<br />  Another aspect of the novel I enjoyed, was the parallel of the Eloi and Morlocks to society now. We begin to understand that the Eloi and Morlocks are humans after great evolution and time. It amazed me to see how society completely divided itself between graceful creatures and creatures of the underworld.<br />  The fourth thing I liked was how the book kept my attention the whole way through. I constantly wanted to know what was going to happen next or how the Time Traveller was going to escape the Morlocks and get back to his machine.<br />  Finally, I really enjoyed how the narrator concludes the Time Travellers disappearance. The narrator says,&quot;The Time Traveller vanished three years ago. And, as everybody knows now, he has never returned&quot;(XII.124.18). I liked this because it made you question whether the Time Traveller had vanished into the future forever, whether he had always been from a past time and had gone back, or what was to come of him? So, as it began with one mans' imagination, it ends with your own.
Another trip back in time (sorry about that) for a fine movie.  There's someting in all of us that we would love to escape and go back to simpler times.  Back To The Future was also a trip to a more innocent era that I miss.  What ever happened to Mayberry?
This was written so so long ago and to think they had a vivid imagination! If they could apply what they did with rise of the planet of the apes with the morlocks or even pass this to christopher nolan! It would hit huge!
This is a great anniversary edition of this sci-fi classic, however, the seller failed to do a quality check before shipping. The case was damaged inside and a piece of the plastic was rubbing on the recorded side od the DVD making scratches all over. The quality of the video was then, of course, damaged also. Lesson: check before you ship. I'll reorder it, probably from a different supplier.
I first saw this movie when I was a young chap. The time travel concept greatly appealed to me then (you have to appreciate the standard of sci-fi movies of the time) and still holds a nostalgic charm for me today at sixty-seven years old. Yea! It has been beautifully restored and looks just like it did back then. (maybe even better). Gorgeous period feel. The machine is magnificent and Rod is the mans' man. I'm not too sure about the special features, a bit hammy and unnecessary, although the machine's reclamation was interesting and the special effects techniques fascinating. I may be a bit of geek, but this DVD is one of my all-time sci fi favorites.
I love the old movies of the past, and this one is at top of my list.<br />The quality of picture, sound and color is beyond my best hopes.<br />I feel sorry for the people who give this on less than five stars, if there were ten, i would give them.
this is a great movie classic.  good suspence and even the graphics are great for the time period.  this is movie that you could watch over and over
this is a great little movie, one you can watch over and over again. thats what I plan to do.
Great 60's Sci-Fi movie!  Saw this in the movies with my dad when it 1st came out and have it on DVD.  Just wish it was offered in Blu-Ray.  I'd snap it up in a second.
I have enjoyed watching this movie ever since it came out. First time was in black and white. Makes one think about how things could turn out.
Although this movie was made in 1960, it will hold you attention. It is exciting at how the author imagined what thousands of years into the future might look like! Enjoy!
I read this book when I was a child and have always loved the story.  This film version is a very good retelling of the H.G. Wells Classic tale.  Rod Taylor does a very good job as the Time Traveler (who in the novel is unnamed, but is called George in the film), and a young, beautiful Yvette Mimieux is well-cast as Weena the child-like woman of the far distant future.  The Special Effects done by George Pal demonstrate his usual excellent work.  They are a little dated, but taking into consideration that the film was made in the early 1960's they are outstanding for the time.  The Morlocks look a little cheesy, but if one ignores these minor details, the film is a real treat.  After seeing this film countless times, I am thrilled to be able to share it with my grandchildren.  This film stays more or less true to the book by H.G. Wells and is a classic just like the book.  I am sure that Sci-Fi fans like myself will enjoy this film.  It is definitely worth the five star rating that I gave it.
This is a great movie & has been updated considerably (visually) over the original. The quality of the image is much better & more clear. It's the same original movie but even more enjoyable to watch now. The DVD I received is perfect quality for a used movie. I highly recommend used movies from Amazon. They are great to replace older movies on VCR tape. The prices are very good.
Classic telling of H.G. Wells's masterpiece. I would recommened this product to any fan of classic sci-fi. I do like the recent rendition, but will never beat the classic.
This show is still one of the best movies I have ever enjoyed,top 5,(the book is great too),it is a true classic and a fantastic story!! I saw it at the old Avalon theater in Chicago,when it first came out,it was out of sight then & it still is.Good old memories.Enjoy it.
Rod Taylor builds a time machine and travels forward in time, seeing vast social change, war, and eventually winding up tens of thousands of years in the future. He finds himself in a devolved world, where humans (the eloi) are mere cattle, living in ignorant bliss. They are food for the race of subterranean mutants (morlocks) that lord over them. Can Taylor's character help these doomed folks? Classic stuff!...
One of George Pal's greatest films.  Rod Taylor travels through time to try to find a utopian world of peace and love.  Yvette Mimieux makes Marilyn Monroe look ugly. Great fun and adventure.
Really Great to see this clasic again. Arrived in good time, no defects and good condition. thank you
Rod Taylor is at his best in the HG Wells Classic.  Good film and the storyline is very close to the novel.  I wished that they would have made Time Machine II.  They had a script for the film but was never produced.  This one is better than the one that was remade in 2002.
This is a great movie for anyone that enjoys old movies.  Not to mention Arlene Dahl is just beautiful!
Excellent acting by Taylor, Young, Cabot, and Mimieux (sp?). Good sets and fine (if now outdated story). To reviewer Michael Butts. Giant was directed by George Stevens, not George Pal.
Director George Pal will probably be more remembered for this film than any of his other classics, including &quot;Giant.&quot;  Why?  Remember, this is 1960, and whether or not Pal's version is true to Wells' book is not the issue.  Marvel at the unique special effects, including the mannequin's many transformations, the way the clouds scurry across the window; the lush but sterile world of the eloi and morlocks.  This is quite groundbreaking in the world of cinema, long before the CGI and animatronics guys came along.  Rod Taylor (The Birds, TV's Falcon Crest) is the perfect studly hero, but he also possesses a sensitivity uncommon in movies of the 60s, which is all more evident in his friendship with the delightful Alan Young (Tom Thumb, Mr. Ed).  Add a trio of our most respected character actors (Sebastian Cabot, Whit Bissell and Tom Helmore) to lend upper crust credence.  And how can one forget the lovely Yvette Mimieux.  Yvette came to audiences attentions in a two part Dr. Kildare episode. She played his love interest, a surfer with elilepsy, who dies in the final moments.  She also played the troubled young girl in &quot;Where the Boys Are&quot; and in the 1970s starred in a rarely known cult classic, &quot;Hit Lady.&quot;  Her beautiful innocence is captured in this movie.<br />Yes, it's campy, a little corny in its naivete about man's future, but as a scifi film, it's one of the best and far surpasses its glitzy remake with Guy Pearce.
filby plays a good role in this film
I enjoy viewing movies that I remember as a child. These movies are clean cut. The movie in dvd format had great quality.
THIS MOVIE IS A CLASSIC FROM THE SIXTIES. GOOD ACTION, WELL MADE, THEY DON'T MAKE MOVIES LIKE THIS ANYMORE
This is the ultimate in classic sci-fi. Even though the special effects pale in comparison to today's standards, I like it better than the remake.<br /><br />This is the story of H.G. Wells, told as a recounting of his visit nearly a million years into the future in a time machine he has constructed. The film differs from the book in a few ways, but they are mostly because the original book was written long before the creation of the atomic bomb, and that in the 50's when the film was made, everyone was paranoid of nuclear attack.<br /><br />The DVD version has some great behind the scenes and 'making of' featurettes. If you are a fan of classic sci-fi, this is a must-have.<br /><br />At the end of the film, Wells goes back to the future time, and the only thing that he appears to have taken are visible as two empty spaces on his bookshelf. The question is, which two books would you take?
Super fast delivery! Love this movie.  my only pet peeve is that the dvd was loose in the case due to rough handling while in shipment...but no scratches no worries!
Unlike the recent re-make this flows more of the book diologe....<br />  I give it good acting credit, Alough I think it does kinda lack the classic touch but it was the good classic tech (not the best but good) Ide suggest renting it, buy it if you relly like it!.
the stream was pixelated and kept on stopping and starting. There was no smooth stream. I tried to watch it at different times on 2 different computers same results
The DVD is excellent.  DVD was received in excellent condition and before expected delivery date.
Although quite different in tone and content from the original novel by H.G. Wells, George Pal's Oscar winner for Special Effects,The Time Machine convincingly conveys the wonder and mystery of time travel. Rod Taylor's  highly believable and intense portrayal of the time traveler is a major  strength of the film. Even though the special effects are &quot;dated&quot;  and reveal at times the &quot;effects&quot; of low budget, they manage to  hold up over repeated viewings much like Pal's The War of the Worlds.  The  Victorian atmosphere of The Time Machine is as vivid as the strangeness of  the world in 802,701AD. In spite of its genre', the film manages to  effectively portray the need for preserving our human-ness throughout time.  If the obvious adherence to Hollywood comic book rescue/adventure and  romance are given poetic license, the film is still very unique,  entertaining, and worth having in one's film library.
The Time Machine is a Science Fiction classic. George Pal too H.G. Wells&#65533;s classic story and made it a reality. From the costumes to the intricately detailed Time Machine itself, the movie is a stand out in special effects, art direction and make-up.<p>Rod Taylor was fantastic and played his character with a real sense of amazement. (If you have seen the new version &#65533; it lacks a real important element &#65533; characters anyone cares about.) This movie has a charm and romance that Yvette Mimoeux could only portray.<p>Even George Pal&#65533;s visions of what the 80&#65533; and 90&#65533;s would be like are not far off. Who could forget the classic mannequin in the window sequence &#65533; watching fashion styles change before our eyes. The key to most of the special effects in the film was of course &#65533; stop motion animation. Whereby, elements and props and sets are shot one frame at a time while slight movements were made between each exposed frame. Thanks to CGI technology these days &#65533; this has almost become a lost art form. When it is done well, like in this movie &#65533; it really is effective and shines.<p>The DVD extras on this one are great. A television retrospective shot in the mid 90&#65533;s with some of the original cast is really well done. The behind the scenes and event he history of what happened to the original Time Machine are on this documentary.<p>This is a must DVD for Science Fiction fans. A true classic and a very good DVD for anyone's collection.
George Pal's films have always had a warm and fuzzy feeling - except this one. However, how else would such a creative genius and pioneer in stop-motion approach such a bleak story but with a hopeful tone.<br /><br />The charactors - Alan Young's Mr. Philby stands out - add flesh to the Victorian era story of an inventor who could easily destroy the world, but winds up (possibly) saving mankind from itself.<br /><br />The special effects were good for their time and the acting pretty much stands up (and Yvette Mimmieux looks fabulous!)but the story and the kindly treatment by Mr. Pal are everything.
An anti-war theme is prominent throughout this classic sci-fi flick.  In the lead you have Rod Taylor starring as inventor H.G. Wells, a man seeking relief from, and improvement of, the world in which he lives.  Demonstrating a miniature version of his time machine for a trio of friends (including Sebastian Cabot of "Family Affair" fame) on New Year's Eve 1899, he laments that he was born in the wrong time...and that he would like to journey into the future to live among more civilized peoples.  He desires the utopia that he thinks technology will inevitably bring, but also cries out at the corruption of technology for other than peaceful purposes.<p>His journey, however, leaves him feeling overwhelmed as it is far from what he expects.  He initially watches the years go by from his machine as represented by a manequin he observes in a shop window across the street.  There, he views what he regards as a harbinger of societal descent into a more liberal way of life.  As fashions change dramatically over the decades, he blushingly remarks, "You call that a dress?".  He makes three intermediate stops on his way to his ultimate destination--the first in 1917, the second in 1940, and the third in 1964.  They all, conveniently, coincide with raging wars (the final one, a ficticious World War III fought with nuclear weapons that lasts for 326 years).  <p>Embittered and frightened, he moves on, ultimately coming to a stop some 800,000 years in the future.  Wells is initially delighted with his new-found utopia and attempts to befriend the native Eloi, a blond-haired, blue-eyed, fair-skinned Aryan race of humans.  He is quickly repulsed as he sees them passively watch as one of their own (Weena, played by the lovely Yvette Mimieux) starts to drown only a few feet from the others.  After saving her, he learns that they are nothing more than a race of slow-witted, cowardly do-nothings who rely on the sinister Morlocks for survival.  <p>The Morlocks, who look like a cross between the Hulk and the gill man on "The Creature from the Black Lagoon," were the humans who chose to continue living underground after the end of the last war.  They deevolved physically and morally and, as a result, developed into ravenous cannibals who fattened up the Eloi so as to devour them at a later date (eating the oldest ones first).<p>There is no written word within either culture and that lends itself to the theory that cultures tend to stagnate without the written word.  Without books there is no learning beyond pure observation and word of mouth and, in this case, both races eventually lost whatever skills and knowledge they once possessed.<p>Eventually, the Eloi and Morlocks took on a primitive symbiotic relationship.  You have the peace-loving, vegetarian, let-nature-take-its-course Eloi one one side, and the militaristic (they still use air raid sirens to hypnotize the Eloi), meat-eating (of a sort), control-your-own-destiny Morlocks.  Despite his appreciation for much of the Eloi philosophy--he initially mistakes them for economic genuises--he quickly realizes the truth about them and grows disgusted with their apathetic attitude towards self-improvement and advancement.<br /><br />Ironically, circumstances dictate him teaching the Eloi the value of fighting (back), a trait he abhorred.  As a result, the Eloi defeat the Morlock in a demonstration that while war may be bad it can also be the LESSER of two evils.  Still, after their victory, the Eloi are left to answer the question "How do we fend for ourselves now?".  Wells chooses to stay among them, returning to his time only long enough to retrieve three books to help them in their journey.  In the final scene of the movie, one of the inventor's friends discusses Well's future with Well's housekeeper.  He finally asks her (and the audience), "Which three books would you have chosen?".<p>The film confronts the positives and negatives of pacifism vs. militarism and, in an overall generic sense, liberalism vs. conservatism, all with regard to the survival and growth of a society.  Eventually, the movie shows that raging examples of either philosophy isn't the solution--that the true solution resides closer to the middle of the spectrum (with the pendulum tilting into conservative territory.<p>The story is timeless, the script and acting good, and George Pal's special effects excellent considering the age of the movie.  The movie's depth is often overlooked, and it is a worthy addition to any DVD library.
IN A NUTSHELL: H.G. WELLS'S 'TIME MACHINE' IS INTERPRETED IN FILM BY GEORGE PAL<br /><br />Okay, this is an old film and might it look quaint to some of our younger movie-goers, but to those of us that grew up around films like 'The Time Machine', this is pure wonder. This film is quite true to the original literary work penned by H.G. Wells in 1895 and uses a realistic victorian motif combined with a crystal powered time machine to power the film.<br /><br />GOOD STORY + GOOD ACTING & SPECIAL EFFECTS = TIMELESS CLASSIC<br /><br />The 'Special Effects' were made the old-fashioned way, but they worked well enough to get Tim Baar and Gene Warren an Oscar nomination for 'Best Visual Effects'. They cleverly illustrated the passage of time as the time machine traveled through the fourth dimension by utilizing a number of clever devices such as; rapidly growing and ripening apples over what appeared to be seconds, shrinking candlesticks as we watched, a mannequin that changed with the fashions as we watched, the sun and moon arcing overhead in a heartbeat, superfast appearing snails, rapidly decomposing morlochs and much more.<br /><br />Rod Taylor as H.G. Wells did play a rather bare knuckled hero, but he showed conviction and passion in the role that helped to suspend our disbelief. Yvette Mimieux as Weena, a young blond Eloi, was quite a scene stealer without doing anything special in particular. Perhaps she just looked the part of a young eloi woman so well and attractively that it made Rod Taylor's character want to stay in the future an easy sell for both him and the audience. I can recall seeing the film as a youngster and as soon as I saw Weena I thought, "now he's [Rod Taylor] just got to stay".<br /><br /> -----> THE PRINCIPAL PLAYERS &lt;-----<br /><br />Rod Taylor  - George, H. G. Wells<br />Alan Young  - David Filby/James Filby<br />Yvette Mimieux  - Weena<br />Sebastian Cabot  - Dr. Philip Hillyer<br />Tom Helmore  - Anthony Bridewell<br />Whit Bissell  - Walter Kemp<br />Doris Lloyd  - Mrs. Watchett<br />Paul H. Frees  - Talking Rings [Voice]<br /><br /> -----> THE PRODUCTION CREW &lt;-----<br /><br />George Pal  - Director / Producer<br />David Duncan  - Screenwriter<br />H.G. Wells  - Book Author<br />Nicolas Vogel  - Cinematographer<br />Paul Vogel  - Cinematographer<br />Russell Garcia  - Composer (Music Score)<br />George Tomasini  - Editor<br />George W. Davis  - Art Director<br />William Ferrari  - Art Director<br />Keogh Gleason  - Set Designer<br />Henry W. Grace  - Set Designer<br />Franklin E. Milton  - Sound/Sound Designer<br />William J. Tuttle  - Makeup<br />Wah Chang  - Special Effects<br />Gene Warren  - Special Effects<br />William Shanks  - First Assistant Director<br /><br />ABOUT THE DVD: A HUGE IMPROVEMENT OVER THE VHS -- HERE'S WHY<br /><br />I have had the VHS version of this film forever and I am so pleased to have finally gotten this DVD edition and there are some very compelling reasons;<br /><br /> * VERY CLEAN TRANSFER -- LETTERBOXED -- 103 MINUTES [with some longer scenes than VHS]<br /><br /> * Behind-the-scenes Documentary The Time Machine: The Journey Back, hosted by Rod Taylor with Alan Young and Whit Bissell -- about 46 minutes and includes some history of the actual Time Machine used in the film and its restoration. Also, a sort of informal tribute to George Pal.<br /><br /> * Available in English or French audio plus English or French subtitles can be chosen too.<br /><br /> * Dolby Digital Sound - the old VHS edition sounded rather tinny but this DVD's sound is really restored as is the picture quality.<br /><br />BOTTOM LINE: CHEMISTRY BETWEEN WEENA & GEORGE ADD EMOTION TO THIS FANTASY EVENT<br /><br />A very interesting and entertaining effort by George Pal includes a wonderful script based on H.G. Wells's novel, a fitting musical score by Russell Garcia, breathtaking cinematography by Paul Vogel and incredible visual effects for 1960 by Gene Warren and Tim Baar. Having said all that, for me, it was the chemistry between Rod Taylor as George and Yvette Mimieux as Weena that make this film a classic that endures. It is surprising just how much Mimieux as Weena gets across without saying very much to the all too loquacious George, and ultimately to the audience.
My title says it all.I don't care if I'm from The Matrix and Star Wars generation,I loved this movie alot more then the 2002 remake.I think George Pal was the Steven Spielberg of his time.It's a great masterpiece,Rod Taylor was perfect as the time travller and it was a total blast watching him go forward in time.In the remake it was a total of 10 minutes of him going though time and in the orgainal,it's about half and hour.So to the people of my generation,skip the remake and watch the Pal classic instead.<br />***** out of *****
Just finished watching this sci-fi classic! The picture quality has been masterfully restored as well as the audio content, and The Time Machine has never looked better!!!! The story of a young Victorian Era scientist who succeeds in conquering the most elusive of all man's quests....Time travel! His journey into the Fourth dimension propels the viewer into a fantastic vision of the future of mankind! In the year, 802,701A.D. George, the Time Traveler(portrayed marvelously by Rod Taylor),<p>encounters a nuclear-war resulting divison of the human species...the passive, surface-dwelling Eloi race and the subterranean, cannibalistic predators, the Morlocks! In a race to save the human remnants from complete extinction by the creatures of twilight in this strange world, George must use his wits and strength in an all out battle which will decide Mankind's fate!  Skillfully directed by George Pal (who also produced), this film stands as one of the most outstanding science-fiction films ever made, paving the way for imitations in the years following its initial release! Full of incredible, Academy Award-winning special effects (Gene Warren and Wah Chang, and the talents of Projects Unlimited), it holds it own against the computer-generated films of today !!! of compelling interest is the Time Machine vehicle itself, one of my favorite movie props!!! With a veteran supporting cast led by Alan Young, Sebastian Cabot and newcomer, Yvette Mimieux, this is one film that is in a word.... timeless! Favorably recommended and considered to be an all-time classic! Great viewing for any sci-fi fan! Based upon H.G. Wells' immortal novel...The Time Machine...his first and best work!
Skip the godawful remake that's in theaters right now, and get the original instead.  This is one of the greatest science fiction movies of all time, and the DVD restoration is great.  <p>The movie itself has much to recommend it.  It follows the book very closely, Rod Taylor was an excellent choice for the lead, and the special effects (which won an Oscar in 1960) have aged surprisingly well.  <p>It takes place in 1899, and a great deal of effort was taken to ensure historic authenticity.  The time machine itself is a beautiful Victorian contraption that wouldn't look out of place in, say, 12 Monkeys.  The Eloi of the 800k century look exactly as I would have pictured them, and the Morlocks are suitably creepy.<p>Much has been said for the special effects, which use some very effective stop-action photography.  They are judiciously used here, and with only a couple of tiny exceptions, do a great job of suspending disbelief.<p>The DVD transfer is stunning, rivaling that of North by Northwest.  The colors (originally done using Metrocolor) are deeply saturated and vivid, only looking slightly washed out in a couple of places.  Artifacts from the original print are present here and there (noticeably in the rotting fruit sequence), but for the most part have been well cleaned up.  This certainly doesn't look like a 40-year-old movie.<p>The DVD includes a documentary which is really interesting in parts, but really drags in others (the special effects explanations are *exhaustive*), which isn't a problem since it has its own chapter stops.  What's really informative is to watch the original movie footage in the documentary and compare it to the restored footage in the movie itself.  Night and day.  Oh yeah, and Michael J. Fox and Carl Sagan make appearances!<p>All in all, a classic movie that's aged well, and a brilliant transfer to match.
Star Trek bores me, and Star Wars doesn't do much for me either. So that disqualifies me from being a Sci-Fi geek. That being said, I've reviewed a handful of movies on Amazon, but I've never reviewed my favorite of all time. Year after year, this one stands out: The Time Machine, first viewed during my junior year of high school, is my favorite movie of all time.<p>The movie is very easy to get interested in. It brings up the What If questions about the world you ask yourself and your dearest friends. The dialogue is clever and enjoyable. And Rod Taylor is the perfect gentleman time traveler.<p>Some people can't handle the 1960 special effects... Appreciate the nostalgia.<br />Romance. Action. Intruige. Suspense. Emotion. Watch this thrilling movie about much more than TIME TRAVEL, and you'll find yourself loving it, too.<p>And when you're finished watching the movie, you'll be taking a few minutes to think about starting your own civilization...and what three books you would take to help you build THE FUTURE!<p>And then you'll stop thinking and look for something else to watch on TV.
I always loved this movie since the first time I saw it when I was 6 years old.  I remember taking a small toy car and sticking a little umbrella in the back to make it look like the Time Machine.<p>This DVD is really incredible!  What they did to the soundtrack is great.  The movie sounds great in 5.1 and remember this movie is a 40 year old movie.  FOX should have taken lessons before the did Planet of the Apes in 5.1 (if you can call it that!)<p>Picture quality is superb.  But I do agree with another reviewer that the DVD cover could have been better, but I do see that another BOX set version of this movie is coming out this month with alot more goodies!
The 1960 film version of "The Time Machine", was always one of my absolute favourites growing up and rewatching it now as an adult I appreciate now even more the great effort put in by the legendary George Pal and his talented cast and technical crew in bringing this story vividly to life. Their attention to detail, and creation of what are still awe inspiring special effects were of course created using their collective imaginations without the help of today's computers. I'm not going into exclamations as others have about the effects appearing "dated", by today's standards as that is a pointless exercise and really why is there a need to compare efforts such as this made in 1960 with the technology available to movie makers today? I look at the film in the context of the time it was made in and in this way it can be seen that "The Time Machine", was very state of the art entertainment upon its release. Using the excellent literary source in the famous novel by H.G. Wells, MGM studios in a last gasp of its famous move making finesse fashioned an exciting, thought provoking, and above all else spectacular story here that looks as fresh today as it did over 45 years ago. What is so totally impressive about this film version still for me is the marvellous depiction of the passage of time once the story gets under way and this progression by Rod Taylor on his time machine from New Years Eve 1899 through many thousands of years into Earth's future is still one of the greatest science fiction sequences ever filmed in any decade. George Pal's brilliance in visual design is wonderfully evident in every frame of these scenes where he shows the passing of time by the continual speeded up rising and setting of the sun and moon and best of all by a wonderful idea of continually showing the clothes on a mannequin standing in a neighboring shop window continually changing as the fashions progress over many decades. The time machine itself is a wonderful piece of movie making design and in the decades since the film's release has really taken on a whole life of its own as probably one of the most famous movie props ever created. For all sci fi film lovers like myself this wonderful piece of imaginative construction along with the whole classic movie to which it belongs has assumed an appropriately timeless quality and illustrates yet again the genius that was movie maker George Pal.
"H. G. Wells' The Time Machine" is another of the great George Pal movies which did so much to bring science fiction to the big screen.  Naturally, the movie is based on H. G. Well's book "The Time Machine", which was first published in 1895.  However, there is a significant change between the movie and the book.  In the book, Wells focused on a class struggle which ultimately resulted in the separation between the Eloi and the Morlocks.  The movie, though, is about war.  The main character George (a.k.a. H. G. Wells) stops at three places in time, each of them being a major conflict; World War I, World War II, and the last a nuclear war which George Pal places in the year 1966, just six years after the movie.<br /><br />The movie debuted in Japan on June 10th of 1960, before moving on to the U.S. on August 17th of the same year.  The movie stars Rod Taylor as George, with Alan Young playing David Filby and James Filby (father and son), Yvette Mimieux as Weena, and Sebastian Cabot as Dr. Hillyer.  This movie, along with "Destination Moon", "When Worlds Collide", and "War of the Worlds" are classics produced by George Pal, which defined science fiction in the movies.  After "The Time Machine", Pal turned his talents to fantasy, producing films like "Atlantis, the Lost Continent", "The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm", and the wonderful and bizarre "7 Faces of Dr. Lao".
In the 1960's, when movie making was still an art form, master puppeteer, George Pal created what has been considered a true classic, The Time Machine. Selecting as his hero, the handsome, gritty and debonair Austrialian actor Rod Taylor, playing Herbert George Wells, the director accurately portrays the adventurous, but moody, Victorian as a gentleman, who dabbles with inventions and yearns for a more peaceful century to live in. Using what has been hailed as the best special effects of that date, Pal launches Taylor into the future. Stopping only to observe the changing eras where war is fought with better and more sophisticated weapons, Wells finally arrives in the land of the Eloi. Here he meets beautiful and sultry Weena (Yvette Mimieux) and her people. During their brief time together, Weena allows Wells to learn that despite their idyllic paradise, it is not without dangers. In this future, it's the Morlocks who have become the masters of the world and have stolen Wells' time machine. Doomed to spend eternity in the future, Taylor engages in battle with the Morlocks resulting in a story he will later relate to David Filby (Alan Young) and his Victorian friends. The film is superb and despite being remade several times, has never been equaled. H.G. Wells would have approved.  *****
"The Time Machine", is one of the many movies that when it was made was in danger of not living up to the expectations of many.  There were those who love H.G. Wells and wanted an acurate portrayal of his work.  There were those who liked science fiction and fantasy movies and wanted it to fit into that segment of cinema.  It was going to be difficult to please everyone, but amazingly it did.<br /><br />The idea of using time travel in movies has been done and redone; I think of the movies "Back to the Future", "Peggy Sue got Married", and many many more, but for me this is one of the better done ones, because<br /><br />1st.  The movie talks about searching for a greater good.  It's not just a story of humor, or vaneness, or someone trying to get out of trouble.  In other words, there is much more at stake in this movie.  It's a movie about one man searching for answers that are bigger than himself.  I can totally relate to this.  Let me be honest and say this is a thinking mans movie.  Yes, you can just simply watch and enjoy, but if that is all you do you have missed out on so much.  We are meant to watch this movie, and then meditate on it.  To see ourselves in the characters.<br /><br />2nd.  the director could have made this movie in a number of ways, but the direction is superb, and I loved the special effects.  The scenes when the inventor is still in his lab watching the first half of the 20th century go by is great!<br /><br />I really enjoyed the behind the scenes featurette on the movie that is presented by Rod Taylor.  The part of what happened to the actual machine after the movie is both interesting and sad.<br /><br />This movie is leaps and bounds better than the newer version of "The Time Machine".  Don't miss this jewel.
I have always been a fan of classic horror and sci-fi, but this was a movie I have always slept on. I never watched it, I thought it wasn't my type of movie. I wasn't planning on watching it, I heard how good it was, but it never came across me. One day at the store I picked it up on dvd, I popped it in the player and wow was I amazed. This movie never slows down, it's really entertaining and makes you ponder about the the future and the posibility of time travel. Of course not through that type of device he used but just time traveling general. The scenery is stunning and the effects are pleasing. Nobody has the right to dislike this movie, the story is great, the events that happen during the film are interesting and you won't be stopping it while your watching it. Nearly everyone who put down this movie either had problems with the visual/audio or have a very short attention span and no imagination. The morlocs are one race you won't forget and the same goes for the main character and his stunning lady from the future Weena, I believe that was her name. Watching this and getting back to regular life is hard because it makes life seem so dull and boring, it leaves you curious and wanting more. That's what a film should do to someone, this is a classic and in my eyes one of the best sci-fi films ever made. Great for the whole family, this is a must-have whether you're into science fiction or not. One of the most memorable films I've seen in my life! Fantastic!
If you asked me what my two favorite science-fiction movies were, I'd have to say Forbidden Planet and The Time Machine. As anyone who has read the book can tell you, it's not the kind of story that really lends itself to a movie. Why? Well...<p>The book was about the seperation of the social classes. About the futility of human achievement, and ultimately, about how human kindness is the one thing that survives when all else is lost. In that story, one human being was just a cog in the wheel of time, and had little power to change anything.<p>But the movie...ah the movie was about something else entirely. Look past the excellent special effects and the (in my book anyway) great acting and flow of plot. What do you have? A story about the suffering of humanity. The striving for knowledge and improvement. And the idea that if people allow themselves to stagnate, to become complacent, and to forget the mistakes of the past, they may allow their world to turn into a nightmare rather than the Utopia they long for. In this movie, one human being CAN make a difference. The time traveler helps the people of the future to rediscover their courage, their compassion, their humanity. As long as one person still clings to the ideals of humanity, there is always hope.<p>This is a great movie, and the dvd certainly does it justice. It features one of the nicest film transfers I have ever seen. The picture quality is absolutely perfect, and the widescreen is really appreciated. If you are a sci-fi fan, or a movie buff, you NEED to own this movie. It IS different from the book. But it has merits of it's own. And they are not to be overlooked.
Since I saw this movie as a kid, it has always been one of my all-time favorites.  The story has a charm, that transcends time and it still remains thoroughly entertaining.  The only video copy I had in my personal library was one that I taped from tv.  Boy, was I in for a surprise when I viewed my new DVD version.  It is stunning!  I must commend those who worked on the restoration...it is gorgeous.  It makes some newer movies that have been transferred to DVD, look sick.  At times, I forgot I was looking at a movie that is over 40 years old.  I found myself noticing details of the sets that I never saw before. If there is any drawback, it would be that the clarity of the picture brings attention to some matte paintings that were less than convicing. I love this movie and this DVD version has renewed my enthusiasm and made me realize that it really is one of my favorite movies.
A good movie for it's time and a good movie now. So much better than the cheesy remake.
Good special effects for the time it was produced. Kind of a melancholy story but well worth watching. In many ways better than the more recent interpretation of the novel.
For old time classic sci-fi it doesn't get any better than this. I remember watching this film as a boy and it's still great even now. Please remember that the special effects are not as sophisticated as they are today but the story line and characters are great. An added bonus is that the digitally enhanced version for DVD is "OUTSTANDING"! This picture is as crisp and clear as it gets and is hard to believe the film itself was made in 1960. The special bonus features are also equally excellent with a few of the original stars of the film appearing some 30 years later with some neat surprises about the film. If you like science fiction than this film is a "Must Have".
I realy love this movie.I can recall the first time i saw it as a kid.I thought it was brilliant at the time,and this movie stands the test of time.I didnt watch all of the new version of the movie,but what i did see i didnt like.I think a movie like this is hard to make a better version of.<br /><br />The effects they used in the movie were alot different to the methods they use today.But were very effective and obviously it took alot of time to do.It was facinating the way they made the snail race by with time lapse pictures,amongst other things like the sun racing over.<br /><br />Its the sort of fantasy movie i think anyone can relate to.I often think what would i do with such a machine.<br /><br />Rod Taylor was brilliant in his role.Very convincing.<br /><br />The age of this movie and how even the young genneration can be equally facinated by it,proves what a great movie this is.<br /><br />There are very good extras with this DVD.<br /><br />An inventor(Rod Taylor), builds a time machine and travels through time. He sees both WWI and WWII as well as 1968 during the Cold War in which he experiences a nuclear bomb. The movie really gets going when he travels far into the future to a time when people are ruled by Morlocks, cannibalistic creatures who basically breed humans so they can eat them. Seeing how horrible it is, the inventor tries to free them from the Morlocks.<br /><br />If its an exciting movie you are after,get this.
You know something, the Eloi remind me of myself.<br />They are disorientated, not knowing what the hell is going on, and just going places they just don't wanna go, but go, because they don't know that they don't want to go to that place they are going to!!! Read it again, it'll make sense. <p>This movie is the best of the best when it comes to time travel flicks. George Pal couldn't have done a better book to film transfer. Music is eerie and Roddy taylor is perfect as the time traveller and is believable as a 19th century inventor.<br />Watch the Documentary on DVD, it's presented by Roddy and is over 45mins long. A must watch.<br />This is top of my list. A real gem. But I would still rather travel in time in a car, than a sofa chair, that looks like my grannys.
George Pal was the man who brought us the science fiction classics "When Worlds Collide" and "The War of the Worlds".  George did an equally good job with "The Time Machine".<p>Herbert Wells wonders about the evolution of society and looks forward into the future at the great things man will accomplish.  The drive to see that great future has driven Herbert to create a machine to get there.  One aspect I enjoyed about this movie and "Time after Time" is that Herbert in each movie was interested in the progress of society and man.  Their action with the time machine was the equivalent of turning to the last chapter of a novel.<p>In this movie, Herbert finds that society has been destroyed by a nuclear war, which in 1960 seemed like a very real and imminent possibility.  Mankind was driven underground by the need to escape the effects of the war, leading ultimately to the evolution of the peaceful Eloi and the predatory Morlocks.  The Morlocks principal source of food seems to be the Eloi, while the Eloi eat fruits and vegetables, which inadvertently becomes a commentary on what happens to vegetarians.<p>George Pal tries hard and generally succeeds in exploiting what happens when a society no longer has a need to drive itself to achieve a goal, whatever that goal may be.  The Eloi have everything provided, so they see no need to strive to be any different.  Things are the way they have always been, and life if good.  If some disappear occasionally, well, we can still go play by the rocks and do whatever.  Obviously some of this story is difficult to believe because we know that even "peaceful" animals such as rams and bulls sometimes fight to the [end] over females and territory, and it would seem like there would be some point of contention even in this "perfect" society.  However, given that the movie has to present a viewpoint in a relatively small time frame, it succeeds well by the very exaggeration of the characteristics of such a society.<p>The end of the movie is most satisfying, as Alan Young (playing George Well's best friend Philby), speculates on three books that George took with him to help re-build the civilization of the far future.<p>While the movie suffers from many of the cliches and the now dated styling of the late 1950s, it creates a very believably little tale with award winning special effects.  At the end of the movie you are left with the sense that mankind has the ability to triumph over the odds.  I am admittedly partial to these classics, which did so much with so little, requiring much plot creativity.  However, when the end credits roll, you walk out satisfied that you were treated to a real movie experience.<p>While I should give this movie 4 stars for its weak points, it gets 5 stars for standing the tests of time and being better than the 2002 re-make.
I saw this movie in 1960 at a drive-in, and it so impressed me that I stayed to see it again!  (You could do that in those days!)  I've also read the H. G. Wells story it's based on, and the movie does it justice.  This is one of George Pal's best!  The cast is great, the special effects are tops, and the cinematography is beautifully done!  And this DVD is a worthy addition to anyone's collection.  The movie is in widescreen format, the image quality is very good, and the special features--cast &amp; crew notes, awards, theatrical trailer--includes the documentary Time Machine: The Journey Back, a fascinating look behind the scenes which first aired on PBS several years ago.  If you missed it then (as I did!) you can see it here.
Well, I think that this was probably the only movie I ever watched as a junior high and high school student.  At least it seemed this way.  And I was addicted to the book--reading it in the bathtub, etc.  But that is a different review!<p>My only copy was a static-ladened VCR tape I got off of the local UHF. It was absolutely stunning to see the film in a clear letter-boy, plus to see the missing scenes that were cut out due to time constraints.  Wonderful!<p>Yes the effects are cheesy, and WWIII in 1966 is dated, but still . . . give it a break.  &quot;1984&quot; was off, but we still read the book!<p>This DVD has the complete film, and it is a good transfer, except for one or two scenes which seem a little fuzzy.  The sound is tops!<p>The great bonus was the &quot;Making of . . .&quot;  This segment is a behind the scenes look at the making of the movie, with a special segment!  Rod Taylor (George) and Alan Young (Filby) filmed an addendum to the film, and it is an almost perfect continuation and conclusion to the film!<p>This was the first DVD I ever owned.  I love it!  Just the thought of traveling thorough time appeals to me.  that is probably why I am a historian!
No doubt about it, it's still the best and my favorite all-time movie. I only wish there would be a true sequel made based on George Pal's "The Time Machine 2" novel. Keeping to the same look and style while incorporating modern special<br />effects, it would be a success. Of course, there would have to be different<br />actors playing the roles after all these years,  but it could be done.<br />Incidentally, I'd like to mention Don Coleman's site has the BEST site on<br />The Time Machine in all it's aspects (that's colemanzone.com). I think his forum<br />had some technical problems for a while, but it's ok now.  One more thought; when are we going to see the blu ray?
The first thing I have to say about the film is that it tries to follow the book up to a point.  But in order to make a film for the big screen they had to add just a detail here and there and, of course, a love interest.  With actors like Rod Taylor, Alan Young and Yvette Mimieux in a film by George Pal you really can't go wrong.  Actions, adventure, special effects!<br />The extra is a long feature mostly focused on the Time Machine, how it was made and what happened to it during and after the film.<br />A must for any fan of H.G. Wells and sci-fi.
Back in the mid 1960's we were given a glimpse into the future courtesy of George Pal. The oscar winning film still manages to stir the imaginaion after all these years. For fans of the movie it doesnt get better than this. The film transfer is shown in its theatrical widescreen  version  and is digitally mastered from the original print. Included is a making of documentary hosted by Rod Taylor and can also be heard in 5.1 surround sound. I would have given this DVD a 5 star rating had they included some deleted scenes, and possibly an isolated music score. Sure its no Terminator 2 as far as special effects, but as far as story goes it still manages to keep me wanting to go up to the attic and get out my legos and erector sets and build a time machine of my own.
In the 1950s, director George Pal was best known for producing the film version of &quot;The War of the Worlds&quot; and for creating his numerous &quot;Puppetoons&quot; a decade earlier. Pal would go on to make &quot;The 7 Faces of Dr. Lao&quot; in 1964, but his most thoughtful film (in my opinion) will forever be &quot;The Time Machine&quot;. <p>Going back to H.G. Wells, Pal insures a Victorian sentimentality that would've been present if the film had been made during the era in which it was written. Taking place on the literal eve of the new (20th) century, inventor George (Rod Taylor) invites a group of his friends to witness a demonstration of his new invention. When they arrive, they don't believe in the Time Machine that he has created. Even his best friend, Filby (delightfully played by Alan Young) has his doubts. Uninterested, they leave him to celebrate the new era. <p>Determined to travel through time, George uses the machine himself to find what's left of human civilization in the far future. (After fleeing World Wars and puzzling fashons.) He expects to find a Utopia, and he finds one of sorts - but it is not the paradise he expected. George discovers he must defend and teach these valueless humans (including the beautiful Weena played by Yvette Mimieux), lest they die out forever. <p>The film is an allegory for the rapidly diminishing Victorian mentality at the turn of the century, and George finds that his imagination and spirit of adventure are outdated within his own lifetime. &quot;The Time Machine&quot; not only reflects the spirit of Wells' own work but the swashbuckling fiction of the time, made whole with a sense of hope and empathy representing the perfect Victorian gentleman hero. This really is 19th Century science fiction at its best: filled with adventure, romance and in the end - depth.  <p>(This review refers to the BOX SET COLLECTORS EDITION which features a 35mm film clip, a Senitype image from the film, lobby cards and black &amp; white stills, a 27&quot; x 40&quot; original one-sheet and the original H.G. Wells story narrated by Alan Young on CD-ROM. The box set, of course, also includes the film on DVD with all the features that came on the DVD-only release.)
I can understand if a viewer has only seen a VHS release of this film, worse still a rental copy, that this DVD would probably exceed expectations. Some of us though have seen the Laserdisc as well so our expectations of the DVD were a little higher. Frankly, I think Warner has given "The Time Machine" a better than average transfer for Warner. I also don't think that is saying much either. The aspect ratio is off, details at Amazon.com give it 1:66:1, but Widescreen review is giving it as 1:78:1, which is closer to what you see on the screen. So little is made of the widescreen field however, that a fullscreen editon would probably enhance details in the center, especially Yvette Mimieux and Rod Taylor who give wonderful performances in this film. This is probably why I enjoyed the film on television so much over the years. I found the sound passable but the dialogue too soft at times. The picture succumbed to grain a little to often, but it's certainly better than it has looked in years. The lack of any running commentary is probably what is really missing on this otherwise decent DVD edition. It would have been better still if they had issued the Pan and Scan edition on the second layer or flip side with this Widescreen editon.  Instead, we get as a supplemental a nearly decade old 45 minute TV program, much of its footage is far older, fuzzy and faded, hosted by Rod Taylor.  He had changed so much that I didn't recognise him at first. I understand this is yet another MGM title which Warners is issuing on DVD after getting the rights from Turner. I think MGM makes better DVD's for the same or even less money than Warner from what I have seen so far. I hope to be pleasantly surprised otherwise in the future, but we will see. I give the movie an A, but the DVD gets B+ for Video, B- for Audio, C for extras, overall grade of B-, best wishes CAL
H.G.Welles Time Machine is a great Sci-Fi film that everyone must see. Perhaps the special effects are a bit dated,but ahead of it's time when made. Its' theme speaks to the path of destruction that man has taken on its march through time. Thanks to Amazon for pricing this movie so we can all enjoy its message.Good luck to the Eloi.
What a great movie. Rod Taylor Takes HG Well's George the main charactor through time. He tries to find a better world. Yet as far as you  can go things remain the same. The special effects for the 60's was great. HG Wells was showing how he felt about society. Making the rich useless Eloi and the working people doing the work the monster Morlocks. Just sit back and enjoy a fun movie with great actors that you can feel that they were the charactors from the book. This movie was charming, exciting and a true classic. See it.
A thousand times better than the recent remake.  Don't bother with that one.<br />This is the definitive movie.  I watched this with my 22 year old daughter<br />who is studying animation.  She agreed with me that George Pal's 1960 animation<br />was as good as anything in the new version.  The story was far better presented.<br />and the additional 30 minute special feature with brings Rod Taylor and Alan Young<br />back together again 30+ years later was far more enjoyable than most 'making of'<br />features.
I saw this as a boy and it permanently entered my imagination.  If there was one wish that I could have had, it would have been to have a real machine like the one in the film.  I added the film to my collection so that I could share it with my children.<br /><br />Watching it at this age, I must say that there is still magic to it.  In particular, the sense of history passing so quickly, seeing where the path of man might lead.  The scientist truly still captured my imagination - his inspiration, his wonder, his hopes, his regrets, his struggle against smaller minds.  That part worked for me as it did in 1964, when I first saw it.  I also enjoyed his discovery and investigation of the Eloi, who to his horror had devolved into passive children living only in the present, using only present-tense verbs.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the part with the Morlocks appeared preposterous and crude to me, a kind of tack-on to the great first hour of the movie, to make it an action movie in its last 25 minutes.  It is fun, of course, but there is nothing distinguished about it and the end resolution is way too pat.<br /><br />And my kids (g14 & b10).  With the special effects nearly 50 years old, they were not impressed.  They also did not get swept up in the themes the way I did, again with a mix of sophistication and impatience with the slower pace (the Star Wars infection, I would call that).  But we did discuss it, even if they laughed at it for the most part.<br /><br />The extras of my edition are also OK.  Though the documentary has too much about the fate of the prop time machine, there is also a fictional vignette conclusion that is truly worth the price of admission.<br /><br />Warmly recommended.  I guess I'm dated in my kids' eyes, but I am still a sucker for it and glad of it!
I've always loved this movie from the time I was a kid.  One funny thing I noticed that I never noticed before is in the underworld fight scene.  Just before the Eloi start heading up from the Morlock's underworld area, watch the dead Morlock in the sitting position.  He moves his leg out of the way so the Eloi can run past him.  What a considerate corpse.
I have been searching for this very version of this title for quite a long time. I owe the newer version of this film & I find it to be a very Poor remake of a very great Classic movie.
This time travelling tale  is getting quite old, but is still fine<br /><br />entertainment that will stir the imagination. Saw this movie around 40<br /><br />years ago and even if some stuff is outdated, it still holds my attention.
The Time Machine is a classic, period.  I will not go into the details of the movie as many other reviewers have already done so (great good vs. evil).<br /><br />Warner Brothers came out with the stellar Ultimate Forbidden Planet, complete with a model of the robot and tin box!  How cool would it be to have the same for the Time Machine (like maybe, a model of the time machine???)<br /><br />These two movies (in Ultimate editions) are the best bookends your DVD library could ever have.
"The Time Machine" is a classic sci-fi story which has spawned a myriad of other time travel scenarios, the two most recognizable being "The Time Tunnel", and "Quantum Leap".This movie stands the test of time (pardon the obvious pun).It is expertly paced, and draws the viewer right into the story.You almost get a feel for the past,present and future.You also hear Wells' ominous predictions for what is now a very real and quite alarming present.His stories have always exposed the worst of our natures, whether self-created or from outside, yet preach that we are the ones who control our destiny, and that there is always hope.This movie can and should be viewed several times each year. I guarantee you will thoroughly enjoy it as much on the tenth or even twentieth time as in the first.
A must have for lovers of H. G. Wells, or even Jules Vern, or classic Science Fiction movies.  Well played, by the actors, and full of suspense.  Believeable, and almost comical, as it may predict our furture.  What will our post nuclear age be like, will we ever use the bomb again?  What will be the results?<br /><br />Even a few flashes of the past, and somehow defines the future, as explained by the "The Time Traveler", or is it.<br /><br />Love Science Fiction, classic Science Fiction, then pick up a copy, pop some corn turn out the lights and prepare to be jolted, just a little.
I first saw this movie when I was a little kid, and have watched it at least thirty times since, it had a great impact on my life. The special effects leave a little to be desired, compared to a 'modern' flick, but it's a classic that belongs in everyone's movie library.
The Time Machine is an excellent science fiction movie about time travel that was one of the first to use special effects in great detail.  An inventor, played by Rod Taylor, builds a time machine and begins to travel through time.  He sees both WWI and WWII as well as 1968 during the Cold War in which he experiences a nuclear attack.  The movie really picks up when he travels far into the future to a time when people are ruled by Morlocks, cannibalistic creatures who basically breed humans so they can eat them.  Seeing how horrible it is, the inventor tries to free them from the wrath of the Morlocks.  <p> This is a very exciting movie that has some very good commentary on our society as a whole.  Throughout the movie, the inventor sees the mindset of people as he travels through time and often how ridiculous things really are.  Rod Taylor is excellent as the inventor while Yvette Minieux is gorgeous as Weena, the young woman he befriends while trying to save the Eloi from the Morlocks.  The DVD offers a documentary about the film as well as a widescreen presentation which looks very good.  Fans of the sci-fi genre will enjoy this classic that has great characters and even better special effects! Don't miss this sci-fi classic!
I'm one of the few aged souls who first saw this in a theatre when it was first released. But, I've also seen it several times since on VHS. (I'm new to DVD so I can neither praise nor criticize the techno dis- or advantages of that new medium.)<p>I've read the H. G. Wells novella several times and, like most people, I guess, have occasional fantasies of time travel. Years after I'd first seen the film, I had a minor criticism, that the novella had more "socialist" undertones. The Eloi and the Morlocks had parted special ways due to economic oppression, i.e., the latter being imprisoned in mines and factories so long that they  became a troglyditic, brutal, predatory species while the former were weak, meek, ignorant, and the prey of the Morlocks. The film depoliticized that to a degree.<p>In retrospect, that depoliticization (forgive the long word) may have been necessary for the movie market of the time. The anti-communist fervor still existed then. What's more, to make the story more meaningful to the young viewers, the producers and screen writers may have left out that which seemed more appropriate to Wells' time.<p>And there WAS politics, appropriate to the time. For instance, the air raid alarm went off and the Eloi went into a trance to march to the dinner tables of the Morlocks. In other words, the original meaning of that alarm had been lost after thousands of centuries of distortion.<p>The characters were adequate, though I still find it hard to see Rod Taylor as an Englishman. Other leading characters went on to roles such as the lead human character in "Mr. Ed," and Giles French, the genial butler in "Family Affair."<br />In any event, the special effects were superbly done, the story well executed. I could criticize the simplistic romance of Yvette Mimieux's character, but the rest of the story overshadowed that. And, as others have pointed out, there was a challenge to "realism," what one would expect after 8000 centuries. But the "li cense of the medium," and the points of the story make up for those weaknesses. Neither Wells nor the producers intended  historical realism. <p>And one cannot help but be amused by the futurist speculation, e.g., a nuclear war beginning in 1966. Again, that was a overwhelming fear in the year the film was made and seemed all too possible. <p>Because I've so loved this film for the last 42 (!) years, I asked my wife for the soundtrack and for the "remake" (if that's what it is) from Amazon.com for Christmas. When I get them, perhaps I'll add a couple more reviews on these pages. For now, I think this film is a classic, and I still recommend the novella.
I can't say enough about this film version of H.G. Wells' &quot;Time Machine,&quot; as opposed to the newly remade version with Guy Pearce (which I don't recommend, by the way).  Rod Taylor makes for the PERFECT lead character: he has class, presence, and charm unlike many of the young actors today.  While the special effects leave much to be desired, it's still a wonderful movie that will not disappoint.  A great movie for fans of romance, time-travel, and science fiction.  This is HIGHLY recommended!
A nice way to spend a wet Saturday afternoon - this is a matinee classic if ever there was one. The story is closer to Planet of the Apes than Back to the Future, and the special effects are mostly pretty impressive bearing in mind it's a 42 year old film. I think they won an Oscar, as a matter of fact.<p>The Bad Dudes - the &quot;Morlocks&quot; - are utterly ridiculous looking and simply not scary at all, unless the idea of be-mulleted, blue bodied hulks with bad back hair keep you up at night. But that aside (and probably all the more because of it) it's all good stuff, and the good doctor makes the right call at the end by ditching the stiffs in 19th century London and ... oh, but that would be telling.
In 1960, filmmaker George Pal brought to fruition a visionary concept for a film based on a novel by H.G. Wells, about an inventor who builds a machine that enables him to travel through time, specifically into the future, where he learns a timeless, universal truth about the machinations of society and some of the basic tenets of human nature.  "The Time Machine," which Pal produced and directed, stars Rod Taylor as George, the inventor/time traveler/hero, who, born into a time and world that doesn't suit him, decides to do something about it.  <p>...<p> Going into this project, George Pal had a definite vision of what he wanted to accomplish with this film, from the way the time machine itself looked, to the way he wanted to present the future of mankind and the world.  And working from the intelligent, imaginative screenplay by David Duncan, he succeeded by delivering a film that has since become a classic of the Science Fiction genre.  The nature of the story demands that the viewer suspend disbelief, of course, but Pal develops his story in such a plausible, straightforward manner that it is easy to do just that.  He puts George on the journey of a lifetime, and he takes his audience along for the ride.  He does an exquisite job of establishing the Victorian era in which the story begins, as well as the world of the Eloi and the Morlocks.  The F/X he employs to convey the sense of George's movement through time-- like the swift arcing of the Sun and Moon, and the quick, subtle (and sometimes not-so-subtle) changes George observes-- are entirely effective.  Pal obviously had a devotion to detail that pays off handsomely here.  A dedicated filmmaker, he refused to settle for less than what he knew was right for his picture, and it shows.  The result is a film that is entertaining, timeless and memorable.<p> As George, Rod Taylor is perfectly cast and gives a solid performance in which he embodies the boldness, the imagination and tenacity of his character.  Most importantly, he makes George believable and his motivations credible, which enables the viewer to be swept along with the story.  Taylor has a commanding presence that serves his character well, and he is, in fact, the veritable personification of the explorer/adventurer, a man willing to take a chance or face unbelievable odds to accomplish his goal.  Taylor is a fine actor who has made a number of movies, but of them all, this is the role for which he will probably be best remembered.<p> Also perfect in her role is Yvette Mimieux, as one of the Eloi, Weena.  A talented actress-- now something of a `60s icon, in fact-- her fair beauty, along with the innocent demeanor and vulnerability she manages to convey, makes her character entirely convincing.  And the way she plays it makes George's actions more likely, as well.  Granted, her character is well written to begin with, but Mimieux's the one who sells it in the translation from page to screen.  <p> The supporting cast includes Doris Lloyd (Mrs. Watchett), Bob Barran (Eloi Man), James Skelly (Second Eloi Man) and Paul Frees (Voice of the Talking Rings).  A transporting flight of fantasy, expertly crafted and imaginatively presented, "The Time Machine" is captivating entertainment that will make you believe that time travel is possible.  it paints a bleak picture of the future, to be sure, but it gives you and leaves you with that which has kept Man putting one foot in front of the other since Time began:  Hope.  That's the legacy of H.G. Wells and the promise of George Pal.  And it's the magic of the movies.
It's about time! No pun intended. I saw this on TV when I was less than 10 years old, and I never forgot it - the image of that Victorian design time machine with the revovling disk is burned into my head. Imagine my joy when  I saw it being used as the time machine in Carl Sagan's COSMOS TV series  (now *there's* another that deserves DVD treatment). George Pal outdoes  himself, with an story that's surprisingly faithtful to the spirit of the  original Wells novel - with romance, adventure, and visions of the future  thrown in, right down to a nuclear war in the 1980s and lava filling the  streets. One of the best things about the DVD format is the behind the  scenes features you can tag onto classic movies - sadly, not all movie  releases do this. Where's the commented versions of War of the Worlds,  Forbidden Planet - and when can we get The Day The Earth Stood Still  and  When Worlds Collide? Come on - there's tons of us SF movie geeks out there.  Feed us!
This is still the classic movie - saw it as a pre-teen and loved it then and it still brings back memories - the newer version does not compare with this classic - would not recomend it for small children
Beautiful conversion of a clean film to DVD, nicely presented, well organized, lots of interesting background information.
In order for a science fiction movie to seem plausible, it needs more than special effects wizardry, evil villains, or even a handsome hero (although all three do not hurt).  It needs at its core, a hero who resonates with the audience, one in whom they can identify because he acts believably, if not heroically.  In George Pal's THE TIME MACHINE, the time traveller George (Rod Taylor) can put the audience at ease with a smile or gentlemanly act of gallantry and can in a flash revert to the traditional role of derring doer whenever a pretty damsel is in need.  The recent (2002) version of this film with Guy Pearce in the title role has too much of special effects and not enough of the hero.  George Pal wisely allows his time traveller not to play second banana to the then (1960) special effects that wowed the viewer without distracting him.<br />  George is a scientist who on the last day of the 19th century wishes to prove to his circle of doubting friends that time travel is not only possible but practicable.  There is a charming scene in which he lectures to them on the fourth dimension, culminating with a mini-time machine model that takes a cigar to the future.  This scene functions as a necessary segue to the larger model that will carry him to his unknown future.  Alan Young and Sebastian Cabot have minor but significant roles in that they set the tone that this movie is more about the relationships between people than it is between man and novel technology. George zooms to the far future where he encounters a race of humans (the Eloi) who have degenerated morally into a blandly hedonistic group of blonde but not too adventuresome weaklings who are opposed by equally degenerate atavistic green-skinned Neanderthals who see the Eloi only as food.  This division of humanity into opposite sides of the same Jekyll and Hyde persona forces George into an ugly choice: he must decide which race is the better carrier of its ancient lineage.  This decision is not as obvious as it may seem on first glance.  The Eloi look more human but lack the moral fiber to take a stand even on issues related to their survival.  The Morlocks certainly are ugly enough to arouse repulsion, but they nevertheless possess the drive to succeed and the ability to propagate their species.  An Eloi female Weena (Yvette Mimieux) helps George to decide in favor of the Eloi.  Yet, part of the success for this movie is the subtext that though appearances of humans and even humanoids may vary through evolution, each grouping and subgrouping of species cannot be judged on a broad cloth of value.  It is to the individual member that imbues that species with its collective identity.  The Eloi, for all their lack of purpose, fighting spirit, and drive to succeed, managed to win out over their more bestial competitors--this time.  But the ending leaves the viewer that this victory of surface humanity over surface inhumanity may not be assuring enough to convince George, the Eloi themselves or the viewer that such success will continue no matter how far into the future George may go.
I definitely recommend this movie!!! It has a good story line from the beginning to the end... you will not be disappointed!!!
Maybe it's because I think of this version as the standard against which all other Time Machine movies must be compared.<br />I just enjoy it.  It was a great introduction to the idea of relativity for my 8th graders.  They really got into it.
The Time Machine (1960)was an excellent five star movie produced by George Pal starring Rod Taylor. This old movie has held up pretty well with the passage of much time.  I first saw it at the Loews Paradise in the Bronx back in 1960. Many of my old friends from the neighborhood took the trek up to Fordham Road to see this movie with me and were not dissapointed with this great film. Although the special effects are a little dated they are nevertheless still effective.  The movie owes much of its success to the original Wells story.
Boy, did a nice DVD transfer like this one  not only make me appreciate the visuals in here more but made the story seem better, too, for some reason. I only acquired the DVD as a memento, so to speak. I had to have at least one movie which had the woman I had a crush on back in the early '60s: Yvettte Mimieux. She still looks great, too.<br /><br />Since time travel stories also fascinate me, my favorite part of the film is when "George" (Rod Taylor) is actually in his time machine and experiments with it, slowing it down here and then and then stopping it a couple of times to observe World War I and then WWII. Then, he stops in 1966 when supposedly there was a nuclear attack. (Apparently, scare-mongers back in '60 thought that was a short-term likelihood.)<br /><br />Anyway, when "George" (H.G. Wells, the author of this story) finally stops, in the year 200,000-something, the story loses some of its momentum. However, it's a fairly interesting study of a group of ultra-passive people being dominated by others who live underground and then literally eat the good people. Taylor is astounded that mankind has not progressed as he had figured but seemed to have regressed.<br /><br />The message I got on this last look is that man is still man, meaning sinful and capable of anything bad as well as good, and to put one's faith totally in man is a mistake. It's only going to lead to disappointments as "George" found out on each of his stops. (Notice he never stopped during a peaceful, progressive period.) Yet, "George" is still an optimist and wants to be one to help initiate change for the better. There's always hope for a better world and people like George, with his idealism put to action, can make a difference.<br /><br />Overall, an entertaining and thought-provoking film.
This is one of the best movies ever made. This isn't just a classic, this movie is one of the movies that paved the way for other sci fi movies. This is as much of a classic as Wizard of Oz or Gone with the Wind and in my opinion this is better than both of those movies put together.
The Time Machine is a true classic film that is an adventure in time, past present and future. I highly recommend it!
An absolutely brilliant exposition of HG Wells famous novel.It really does explain what time is,and is very educative for budding students of Physics ! The sets are very well laid out ,the acting brilliant.It certainly adheres to the plot much better than the 2002 version and I would recommend it strongly to all those who are interested in Sci Fi and the subject of time travel
"The Time Machine" is as far as I'm concerned George Pal's best movie.  Released in 1960, it stars Rod Taylor as the time traveler `George'.<br /><br />George is an inventor in 1899.  In an gathering of his friends, he demonstrates a scale model of what he says is a time machine.  Except for his friend Filby  (played by a finely nuanced Alan Young) those gathered don't believe him.<br /><br />Unsuspected by all but Filby, George has built a full-scale model.  After his guests leave, he's off.......<br /><br />The set design is brilliant.  The time machine itself is the coolest thing made by genuine imitation Hollywood Victorian  craftsman.  A nice touch is the nameplate on the control panel.  It says, "Built by H. George Wells".<br /><br />The special effects were state-of-the-art for 1960 winning an Academy Award for best special effects.  Even today, the effects fit neatly into the story.<br /><br />This is a mid-twentieth century cinematic interpretation of a nineteenth century novel.  The David Duncan screenplay `updates' the story brilliantly. While George Pal's films have a well-deserved reputation for technical excellence, the acting has been uneven.  That is not the case in this movie.  Mr. Taylor is totally believable as the idealistic inventor searching for a better world.  Yvette Mimieux is Weena, of the sheep-like Eloi who begins to think as result of meeting George.<br /><br />The DVD I have has an excellent documentary on the making of the film narrated by Mr. Taylor.<br /><br />If you interested in a great SF adventure movie, this one is essential to your collection.
This is the book Sylvester McCoy is reading as 1996's DOCTOR WHO---THE MOVIE begins. This is just before he regenerates into Paul McGann and just before Eric Roberts gives  what was (up to that time) his greatest performance on film as "The Master."<br /><br />(In case you haven't noticed I am trying to work a mention of DOCTOR WHO into almost every review I write---just KIDDING).<br /><br />ANYWAY---yup that's the devastatingly sexy Rod Taylor as "George" (who seems to be intended as a film portrayal of author Herbert GEORGE Wells---but if he IS then he couldn't have written the book on which the movie is based because the second time he goes...er...BACK to the future---he doesn't return. He TELLS the story to his friends (including Alan "A Horse is a Horse of Course of Course" Young---but he doesn't WRITE it---thereby creating a problem in temporal logic only someone from Gallifrey---or possibly someone from a small planet in orbit around Betelgeuse---instead of Guildford---in Surrey---as they had previously CLAIMED---could POSSIBLY solve---anyway Rod's character doesn't actually HAVE a name in the book---he's just "The Time Traveller".<br /><br />Yvette Mimieux (whom I could never HELP calling Yvette Meow-Meow) is on hand looking pretty devastatingly sexy herself as Weena---and the Morlocks are suitably scary.<br /><br />The Time Machine itself (which makes a guest appearance in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005JL98">Time After Time</a> when Jack the Ripper (played by that wonderful character actor David Warner) uses it to escape to 20th Century San Francisco (where else?) is beautifully designed and, looking at it, you believe it just might WORK.<br /><br />I was 10 when this movie hit the theaters. I loved it then and I love it now and I recommend it to you. In this day of digital magic the special effects hold up surprisingly well---but more important is the fact that there is a GOOD story here. And without a good story you don't have a movie---as some of these CGI people are, at last, beginning to learn.<br /><br />Oh and check out Rod Taylor again in the Hitchcock classic <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0783240236">The Birds (Collector's Edition)</a> and look for Yvette Mimieux in <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0001I55SS">The Black Hole</a>
Another classic which was re-made in an extremely disappointing attempt.<br />The original has not and probably will never be surpassed.  This is one of the best Sci-Fi movies of its time.  Again, great special effects for the time period.  And again, while it can't compare to the technology of today, its much more raw emotion, feeling and truth.  Newer versions tend to be changed for the time in which it is being released.  It just discredits the original.  I would love to see a classic like this remade almost exactly the way the original was done but with the special effects of today.
Very interesting and well done.  Really enjoyed the story, acting and cinematography.
I was very delighted to see Hollywood had saved this old film classic with Rod Taylor.  I especially enjoyed the behind the scenes portion and learned allot about this film's history, since its making.  I had even had the pleasure of working along side Mr. Bob Burns, while working as forman of Magic Mountain's Showcase Theatre, located in Valencia, California some 30 years ago.  Mr. Burns was a interesting man to meet and be around; always full of new ideas and projects to pursue.<br /><br />The packaging and DVD quality are just fine.  No complaints.  Delivery was excellent and delivered on time!
George Pal directed this classic from 1960, starring Rod Taylor as the scientist who travels back through time (George, although we are meant to understand that this is a character-cipher for H.G. Wells), and Yvette Mimieux in a very early role (interestingly, she became an anthropologist, the study of which has a concern in the overall plot development and socio-political points Wells was trying to drive home with his novel).<br /><br />The plot follows Wells' late Victorian novel fairly well.  Scientist George invents a time machine, and after making the proclamation to several of his nay-saying friends, including a test with a miniature time machine, takes off on a few journeys.  The early journeys are just to test, and we see a few fascinating effects here.  But the greater story lies in George's hope for the future, so he sets himself to go nearly a million years in to the future - the year 802701.<br /><br />Trivia buffs will recognise the date on the machine as October 12, the same date Columbus discovered the new world.  George embarks into this new world, finding the human race has evolved into a split species - the above-ground Eloi, and the below-ground Morlochs.  The Eloi are carefree airheads for the most part - that is, until the Morlochs threaten, and then they become the hunted.  The Morlochs are presented as base creatures, following only their appetites, and afraid to remain above for too long.<br /><br />The effects of the time machine itself and the transition scenes are quite good for the time - I recall as a child watching this film on television and being mesmerised by the passage of time, the scenery changes through George's window as the time streamed by, and the contrast between the Victorian household set and the future world.<br /><br />The more recent remake did homage to this classic film by incorporating a few of the same ideas - the scene changes through the windows, for example.  Also, Alan Young (who played Filby in the 1960 film) appeared in the more recent film, the only actor to appear in both.<br /><br />George has a tough decision to make - his time machine is stolen by the Morlochs; does he risk his life to get it back?  And does he opt to stay in the future or go back to his own time if he recovers it?<br /><br />Only time will tell.
I was glad to find this version still available.  I enjoyed this because with our technology expanding so rapidly in today's world, time travel appears to not only be possible but probable; maybe in another 100 years.  I wish it were possible now.  This version is truer to the book than the newer version recently produced.  What would you take with you into the future?
This first cinematographic version of Well's "The Time Machine" is unforgettable.<br /><br />It is quite amazing such impact as the director wasn't a sci-fi movies expert, no great stars were in the cast and no big budget was at disposition.<br /><br />Even thou director George Pal show an exceptional ability to tell Well's story, with a quick rhythm and a solid cinematographic language.<br /><br />Rod Taylor as George the Time Traveler, acts convincingly (it is not a stone faced performance as he delivered in "The Birds"). In this movie he is able to transmit to the viewer all the agonies and joys of his character.<br /><br />A very young Yvette Mimieux fleshes the nave and adorable Weena (at that time all we youngsters fall in love with her).<br /><br />Morlocks with their flashing eyes were shocking and were good stuff for "monsters".<br /><br />The Machine showed in the film has a fascinating "end of XIXth century" look and the way it works is believable.<br /><br />The story is well known but still here it is in a nutshell: a Victorian Era scientist invents & constructs a Time Machine. After a short stay in the near future, he jumps to year 802,701 to discover a world inhabited by the graceful & innocent Eloi and the awful Morlocks.<br /><br />Ceaseless adventures flow!<br /><br />Here is a final quiz to answer after seeing this film: which three books will you choose?<br /><br />This movie is by far much better than the soulless remake. Do not miss it!<br /><br />Reviewed by Max Yofre.
This is truly one of the greatest sci-fi flicks of all time!!!It was my favorite as a child ( though it scared the heck out of me the first time I saw it!) and it is still one of my favorites as an adult.Why? Because we're talking about controlling time itself. The "Ultimate Fantasy"!! This premise alone makes it very fascinating.<br /><br /> Rod Taylor plays H.G.Wells himself, truly the ultimate warrior, that travels 800,000 years into the future! Think about that for awhile. WOW! Co- starring the stunning Yvette Mimieux,Sebastian Cabot,Whit Bissel (of course!), Alan Young ( Mr. ED Fame), directed by George Pal ( The best!)Great cast,great music score, great cinematography,great special effects.( received an Academy Award 1960)  WARNING!!! DO NOT ACCEPT ANY REMAKES OF ANY KIND!! THEY ARE INFERIOR REPRODUCTIONS! This one is the goods!! Morlocks anyone??
