I'm a huge fan of movies, and as a Christian I'm a huge fan of christian movies and "the end of the harvest" is right up there among my very favourites.<p>This film stars David White (from the excellent Mercy Streets) as a student on campus who knows and studies his bible furiously but is shy about sharing his faith (a common problem) and his friend who as a sort of revenge organises a speech in front of the philosophy class that specialises in humiliating christians. They have stumbled upon a paper written some 50 years before that claims to know when the world will end.<p>Featuring excellent acting and very well put together screenplay, End of the harvest will provoke thought in both christians and non-christians alike on how long this world is going to continue and when it will end. Very well done.<p>Thanks for reading.
I first saw this movie late one night on Christian TV.  What an impact the opening scenes had on me!  I won't spoil it for you here, but it really gets the movie off to a great start.  A Christian reluctant to share his Faith with non-Christians is motivated to "join the harvest".<p>I can tell you the basic story is set at a modern-day university (shot on location at Arkansas State University).  A group of evangelical college students attend a secular philosophy club meeting where one of their own is defending the existence of God.  Unfortunately, this young man, while sincere, did not prepare properly for such an encounter and winds up being ridiculed mercilessly.  One verse comes to mind. It is often misused to support secular scholastical study as "Study to show thyself approved".  However in proper Biblical context it is "Study to show thyself approved, rightly presenting the Word of Truth accurately" (paraphrased).  This student simply didn't do his homework.<p>After the defeat, another of the students decides to present a controversial topic based upon an archived paper from a former student of the same university.  He studies hard to attempt to present the material properly.  But he repeatedly challenges the philosophy group's organizers, telling them of their approaching comeuppance.  The leaders of the philosophy group decide to perform a pre-emptive strike against the student by discrediting his personal character.  This sets the stage for the reluctant evangelical to step up to the plate.<p>He's not allowed to escape.  A seemingly kind lady proceeds to chide him relentlessly for his reluctance and demands that he present the advertised material.  What are her true intentions?  She doesn't seem friendly at all and the philosophy group is amused at her seemingly hostile statements.  There are surprises in store for everyone.<p>Regarding the presentation, the material is Biblically accurate and proper in context.  There is no date-setting in the film as the overall theme is "signs of the times".  Beyond that, there is a potentially plausible theory, rooted in the regathering of Israel, (Isaiah 66:8, Ezekiel 36:24, Amos 9:15 et al), and their eventual awakening of Hosea 6:2.  Given that the rebirth of national Israel is now an historical fact, the prophetical accuracy of Isaiah 66:8 and Hosea 6:2 (etc) cannot be denied.<p>I would have preferred to own this video in DVD format as most of my library is now DVD.  A wide-screen version would have been nice but I don't know if the movie was shot in that format.  Hopefully, a DVD version with trailers, commentaries, and other bonus materials will be made available in the near future.  I recommend this movie for all ages, and especially for youth groups and college-aged students.  Enjoy!
My Husband and I originally saw this program on television.  We are both involved in Evangelism Explosion at our Church.  This movie encourages us to all we can to bring in the Harvest before it is too late.  It really hit home to us how important is to be prepared to give an account of what we believe and when the time comes to have the boldness to do so.  Time is short and there is a lot to do.
This movie not only makes you realize as belivers how we should stand and share all that we believe in, but it is a real thought out movie. One that strikes your intrest to keep watching.The message of the story was very clear.
This film is excellent.  My husband and I have watched it over and over.<br />Although it may not be a top of the line production, it's point is very clear.  I highly recommend it as a good Christian film, one with much food for thought.
This Christian film is one of the best I have seen. It presents the gospel and has a strong Salvation message. Support Christian films. Join in  on the Harvest-Luke 10:2
This was a surprisingly interesting portrayal of what may occur during the Tribulation. The characters are diverse and believable; the acting is well done. This would make a meaningful gift to the unsaved folks in your life.
I received it quickly and in good condition.  The film is definitely worth seeing.
Personally, I find most movies to be a wast of time, but this is one of the few movies that I have found to be worth while. I highly recommend it to anyone.
This was one of the most wonderful films i have seen yet! I liked this because it carried alot of Bible in it. Not just God this or God that, But a serious reference to Christ and his principals. It showed the power of the word of God and how it can penetrate  the skeptical heart. This is a bible based film where you will get a refreshing splash of the Word while listening and learning. Not sure about the theory that it talks about or  its proofs, but, either way you look at it, if you are not a believer before you see this, you will be afterward. Thats the beauty of any christian movie, and thats what i  look for, the witness. remarkable and memorable! Yay!!!! thumbs up.. way up :)
This video gives one opinion about the 7 day theory which I found very interesting and I believe is on the right track. This movie makes you want to tell people about His coming. Irma
WOW!  This one is a cliff hanger with a surprise ending.  It also leaves you to form your own opionion.  Could it be possible????
Good.  Really makes you think.  Has a great ending. Held the attention of my teenage granddaughter. Biblically based.
51 minutes long without credits. Would have given 5 stars if the first 25 minutes were cut and it had subtitles.  A very different way of looking at biblical times lines.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00097E6NQ">End of the Harvest</a><br />This video, if nothing else, gives the viewer lots to think about and consider. Whatever your thoughts on end-time prophecy this video presents theory that I had never heard and I found it valuable if only for that reason. The storyline is good but I didn't come away with a feeling of "WOW!" - rather with a feeling of "Hmmm...interesting. VERY interesting!"
If you are well versed in scripture and possess Wisdom and Knowledge, you will not be pleased with this movie.  The knowledge offered in this movie is watered down with doubts. There is no hard hitting truth, and the outcome is unrealistic. Look else where for truth to build on. This is not a resource for the watch of Him who comes like a thief in the night. I would say that this movie deserves 2 stars.
What they tried to say in this movie they could have said in 5 minutes - not spend 1 hour and try to entertain viewers. The actors clearly have no idea who Biblical Israel is and make plain stupid conclusions about Israel in the end time. I am no beginner in "End Time" studies and can appreciate something of value on the subject.<br /><br />I would like to advise anyone who are into end-time studies to buy the book "Who is Esau-Edom ?". This book is a must read with very well research done by the writer, Charles Weisman. You can buy this book at Amazon.
over the years this movie has ignorantly used over and over as a tool of evil. there, i said it.<br /><br />and YES, i absolutely am a christian.<br /><br />fear is not a tool that should ever be used to love folks into the kingdom.<br /><br />the idea of the rapture is less than 200 years old, it was a vision made by a young british woman-><br />most importantly, THE RAPTURE IS NOT BIBLICAL !!!!!!<br /><br />this is a weird fear based agenda that has no place in the kingdom.
