This workout is fantastic.  I really love Karen Voight and she cues so well here, that it's no wonder she's one of the best instructors out there.  She really guides you through this as if she's in the room with you and you always know what's coming up next and she doesn't prattle on and on.<br />In this workout, there is standing toning and you use a step to do certain exercises too.  You work your calves while on the edge of a step so this is a little different to other straight floor workouts and keeps it interesting.  The one thing I really like about this too, is that as you get stronger and better at it, there are modifications you can make to keep challenging yourself.  It isn't too tricky - a lot of the moves are classics - but it is very effective I can tell you.  It's an older look because the workout was made in the early 90's, but the moves are classic for a reason - they work and give you results.  I love this routine and hope you will too.  It's worth every penny.
I like Karen Voight's more recent videos, so I decided to give this one a shot. I've been doing the Firm for quite a while and I was looking for something a little more advanced. I didn't really find that here.  You need to buy ankle and thigh weights, but the squats and such are done without weight.  The repetition without weights did make it challenging -- more so than I expected.<br /><br />Unfortunately, they've crammed too many people into the workout space, and they are all dressed in brilliant 80's colors. The music is also pretty 80's (weird sax--those who were around will recognize it when they hear it).  Karen's instruction is quite good and this tape is effective. Despite her talent, however, this isn't one of her best.
Really enjoy this video. Had it and used it in vhs in forever, needed it in dvd and it was nice to have it work properly @ a used price.
I'VE HAD THE VHS FOR YEARS AND UPGRADED TO THE DVD...LOVE THE EXERCISE PROGRAM, KAREN'S EASY INSTRUCTIONS AND PROFFESSIONAL KNOWLEDGE, AND THE OPTIONS THAT ONLY A DVD OFFERS!
This is a great dvd for toning up. It is low impact and very effective.. Great!!
I have always loved this Karen Voight exercise video.  My VHS tape finally gave out after 8 years, so I had to get the DVD.  It is the best.  I use it to enhance my legs shape and strength in addition to running.
If you want lean legs, stay away from the buns...couldn't help that...<br />The real message is: Karen V. is a physical wonder, demonstrating and narrating at the same time, also leading the group in back of her, mostly women, two men.<br />The program works for women *and* men, though I would think most men are happy enough to trim down that good ol' gut, and let the [potato] chips fall where they may. Not to make light of a situation which may have medical implications. Point is, this DVD may be given as a gift to the lady of the house, but her gentleman can exercise along with her.<br />For the more "visually oriented" biological entity, there's also something special about the presentation (no sexism intended). Look, that DVD cover shot is an attention getter for everyone.<br />The workout is labor-intensive, and appears to be for the 30 to 40 year old group. There could be some frustration for the unitiated in that group, for those who came to "workout" about a decade late. A section with nutrition tips also would have worked, as it must be presumed that most poeple come to packages like this to "work it off".<br />Karen's obvious interest in making this *DVD* work is a motivator in itself.
