First of all, before anything else, I must comment to all of you who might find this movie blasphemous... it really isn't.  This movie is never presented as truth or even really a parody on religion.  Rather, it takes some artistic license with a few beliefs, exagerates them, throws in a few ideas that are controversial and a few ideas that are quite astute observations, and makes it all quite humerous.  Don't look at this movie as if it's making fun of God, look at it like it's making fun of the people who really skew religion away from what it is in its foundation.  If you're one of those people, by all means, take offense.<p>Having said that, this movie is funny.  It's not my be-all-end-all funny movie, but it's up there.  Kevin Smith shows us again why we love his movies so much.  Probably the funniest part of this movie is Jay and Silent Bob.  They really shine like never before.  Jason Lee is good as Azrael, but I still feel he's better in more major roles like he had in Mallrats.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damon are great as the two fallen angels, giving us some great scenes with Damon re-filling his role as the angel of death.<p>On the *slightly* more serious side, Smith gives us several very poignant observations about Catholisism today, from the incredibly superficial Cardinal played by George Carlan to the words of Serendipity (Salma Hayek) concerning how modern Catholics treat their faith.  However, even these observations are treated with humor, and you can't help but laugh at &quot;the Buddy Christ&quot;.<p>In the end, this is just a funny movie on religion.  If you can't have a sense of humor at someone else's view on this, then don't watch it.  But as for the rest of us, we'll be watching it many times.
After hearing all of the hype about the Catholic-bashing of this movie, I had to see it. As a Catholic, I was hardly offended. Rather, I was left in stitches. First off, it was a completely original premise- the whole idea  of fallen angels attempting to re-enter heaven. One of the things I liked  about the idea is that it gives a glimpse of the dangers in dogmatic  beliefs. Secondly, I thought the dialogue and acting were great! I have  never seen an angel talk a cleric out of her faith before in a movie. I  also found the characters to be incredible. People like Chris Rock, Alan  Rickman, Ben Affleck and Matt Damon made their characters totally  believable.  Simply put, this was a very funny movie that pokes fun at the  structure of religion, not any one belief, and Catholicism tends to have  more structure and guilt associated with it than any other religion I know.  This is definitely a must-see movie- ESPECIALLY if you're Catholic.
I have been warned about this movie.  The movie that Christians especially Catholics dislike.  I wanted to know what the big hub-bub was all about and  so, I watched the movie.  Either you love it or hate it, I watched it as a  comedy and not as preaching to what I should do religiously and I found it  very entertaining.<p>Of the Kevin Smith movies, I like this one a lot.  My  brother puts this at the lowest of Kevin Smith movies and he dislikes it  because it focuses too much on religion.  I look at it as something to  laugh about and to see another perspective or another person's storyline  and you either are entertained or not.  So, I don't hold grudges and I  don't feel like banning the movie.  I don't place this movie up to  blasphemy with &quot;The Last Temptation of Christ&quot; but if you can  just separate yourself from your religious side for 128 minutes, give this  movie a try and if you like it..you like it and if you dislike it...you  dislike it.<p>I bought this movie hearing that a special collector's  edition will be out sometime this year.  All Kevin Smith movies are  collector's edition except this.  You don't get hardly anything.  Just a  trailer and talent files.  So, in the extra department, this movie blows.  The audio of the movie is driven by dialogue, so don't expect any major  surround sound.  There are certain scenes where they are utilized but just  a little.  The video is pretty cool too, then again, I wasn't really  watching for artifacts during this movie.  A few reviews mentioned they saw  compression artifacts...<p>It amazes me how Smith got talented people to  work on this $10 million movie, when these actors are making humongous  amount of money.  This movie features an all-star cast including the guest  cameos in the movie.  <p>With all three previous Kevin Smith movies, fans  were treated with cool extras.  Yes, rumor has it that a special edition  will be coming out at the end of the year but still....<p>Overall this  movie is pretty fun to watch, the lack of features drives the overall score  down but give it a try, you might enjoy it. <p>Movie gets 5 stars, Special  Features (or lack of)gets 0 stars which drives the overall DVD down to 3  stars.
Dogma seems to evoke either love or hate from those who saw it. I for one LOVED it -- thought it was not only a brilliant satire on organized religion but a well-cast, well-acted, hilarious romp that never failed to  please. Most of my friends also thought it was fabulous, though a couple of  them hated it. I cannot see why. Like so many movies in the second half of  1999 (BJM, Election, Blair Witch, American Beauty, Magnolia, Three Kings),  this film was overflowing with originality. We need more films like  this!
I saw this film finally last week, and what a movie. Kevin Smith has matured as a writer. The film itself is powered by infectious performances especially by renagade angels Affleck and Damon. It allows for character  development and during which the audience is empathetic with the leads even  when their moral centre goes completly awol.  I myself, a catholic was  thoroughly and profoundly impressed, but how could I expect less from the  ever impressive Kevin Smith. It doesn't make comments about catholism but  instead observations, about just how contrived religon has become in the  21st century. As Selma Hayeks' character says &quot;You don't celebrate  your religon, you mourn it&quot;.  Having only seen one other Smith  movie (Chasing Amy) I was soooo pleased with the increased participation of  Jay and Silent Bob. Those two never cease to make me chuckle. I highly  recommend this film to anyone who's not uptight, it's witty, complicated,  hysterical and believe it or not spiritual. See it now, it is one of the  best films to come out last year.
This comedy beats out other great comedies of 1999 like Man On The Moon, and South Park: The Movie. The writer is great, and the direction is cool. The story is one of the best in years. Jason Mewes deserves an award for  his role in this movie (although that is not uncommon for he was great in  Mallrats too!).  Ths film is just great, and in no way does it mean to  insult the Catholic church, i belive that even very religious people can  enjoy this film on its accurate depections of the stories, and its new age  twists. <p>Video God
If Dogma is an example of what Christianity might be EVOLVING into...I definitely approve! I applaud Kevin Smith's effort in this film. I can see that he's an advocate of tolerance and of many other things that are  considered anti-Christian. Homosexuality, racism, sex, profanity are woven  into the story from the correct angle. Kevin's faith and relationship with  his God are not contingent with whether he smokes or curses. He thinks that  God has better things to do than worry about how to punish you for sleeping  with someone of your same sex or for masturbating. I applaud Kevin for his  satirical approach to the Christian traditions. I especially enjoyed his  raising the question that Jesus was Black. He's had the guts to say (quite  loudly) what is wrong with organized religion, and quite frankly...IT'S ABOUT  TIME!<p>I must continue by saying that my Atheism is a source of pride not  shame. Mysticism advocates that people relinquish their ability to think  and embrace irrationality.  I do not condone nor foster in any way any  negation of the MIND or the SELF.  It is on those grounds that I cannot  accept any part of what mysticism (i.e. Christianity, Buddhism, New Age,  Witchfraft, etc.) has to offer. However, this is a free country and I will  defend anyone's right to follow their chosen faith as well as their right  to follow NONE. I expect the same courtesy.<p>DOGMA is already part of my  collection. I love Kevin's work for being intelligent and pungent. After  watching it I bought all his other movies: Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Clerks.  They're all absolutely funny.<p>I read the reviews: people complaining  about the nudity, and the profanity...saying the movie is blasphemous, too  preachy, too serious, not serious enough.... blah, blah, blah. Don't buy  DOGMA or ANY movie based on the reviews you read, YOU HAVE A BRAIN! Rent it  first, if you like it buy it - that's all there's to it.<p>I would like,  however, to point out to those who were insulted by the movie to be more  discreet about their self-righteousness and indignation. After all, there  are those (of us) who don't forget about Christianity's skeletons in the  closet. We as a race of THINKING INDIVIDUALS have worked long and hard to  come out of those DARK AGES that spawned The Catholic Inquisition, and I  for one, wouldn't want to live in a world that is seeking eagerly to go  back to that travesty. Back 1995, I read an article in which The Vatican  admitted it was &quot;wrong&quot; to have exiled Galileo Galilei and to  have burned alive his assistant for stating that the Sun is the center of  the solar system and not Earth - as was the belief. <p>If you want to be  outraged about something be outraged about that...THAT is obcene!
This may be Smith's best picture to date.  He never fails to find the humor in situations, be it a cheap fart joke or an amusing observation about the idiosyncracies of life.  The film never gets too preachy (what  were the protesters thinking - this is a PRO-faith movie) and never takes  itself too seriously. The big reason why I think Dogma is better than  Chasing Amy?  It has a plotted ending, rather than the ludicrous  menage-a-trois suggestion at the end of Amy.  Dogma is a fairly  well-constructed, fun, hopeful, road picture.  I do wish the DVD would  have had some goodies, but I suspect the SE is in production now. I also  wish Mr. Smith would find himself a good cinematographer.  His films always  have such a strange, &quot;not quite real&quot; color to them.
I thought Dogma was one of Kevin Smith's best as a movie and as a comedy because of how it took a jab at religion and the church and how even if God saw this movie, he'd laugh because let's say it everyone has a sense of humor.<p>It stars an All Star cast of Linda Fiorentino, Chris Rock, Selma Hayek, Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Jeanine Garafalo, Kevin Smith himself, Jason Mewes, Jason Lee, George Carlin and Alanis Morrisette. You would think that usually, when you have that many stars, the movie isn't the same because each actor/actress is trying to steal each other's thunder, but not hear because all of them have really brought together their collective skills and made Dogma a wonderful and hilarious masterpiece.<p>It starts as Affleck and Damon, 2 exiled Angels from Heaven and follows them on their killing spree before they cleanse their souls by walking through the doors of a church celebrating it's Bicentennial. By them doing this, they find a hole in God's creation and by proving God wrong, all that ever existed would cease to be. It's up to Fiorentino, Smith, Mewes, Rock and Hayek to stop them no matter what!<p>O.k. Dogma might make a few people made because it pokes fun at religion. I have to admit it, you'd probably be more offended by the vulgar swearing before that because when it all comes down to it's just a movie and there have been comedies that have made fun of very serious things. And even so, this movie never once said that religion is bad. Again, it just pokes a little fun at it.<p>I would definitely get this one. Even if you're not a Kevin Smith fan, you'll still laugh at this one. And again for any of you that are very religious, you'd probably be more offended by the swearing first. Check this one out!
As the opening to the movie suggests, "Dogma" is not expressly intended to offend but to look at things open-mindedly.  No one can disagree with the idea that it explores religion from a nontraditional perspective.  Two angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) have fallen and have been banished to a place "worse" than hell...Wisconsin.  They discover a loophole which could get them into heaven, but this would ultimately make God falliable and destroy the universe.<p>The band of characters that seek to stop them include: the "13th disciple" who was omitted from the Bible because he was black; an angel who's working as a stripper; a pro-abortion lapsed Catholic who turns out to be in the lineage of Jesus; and last and definitely least, Jay and Silent Bob.<p>Many of the characters and ideas effectively make us step back and realize that "traditional" beliefs are full of assumptions and prejudices about how things are supposed to be.  However, I don't know if Kevin Smith was trying too hard to challenge EVERY possible belief or if he starting having a little too much fun at the expense of ultra-conservatives, but the theme suffers at the expense of excess.  There are simply too many new "revelations" thrown out; as the movie progresses, Smith seems to use the story less to question whether traditional ideas are correct and more to boldly proclaim that they aren't.  While I'm willing to admit some "traditional" ideas might be erroneous, I can hardly believe that Smith's concocted mess of explanations is more worthwhile.<p>The most overused characters of all are Jay and Silent Bob.  In this film, they are strictly one-trick ponies.  Silent Bob is...silent.  Anyone who remembers the show "Newhart" realizes that a silent character is hardly original.  Jay says nothing profound or even amusing; apparently, the fact that every sentence is chock-full of expletives is supposed to be side-splitting.  Okay, Jay's vulgar and Bob's silent; we get it.  We got it the first 20 times the gag was stuffed down our throat.<p>The idea wasn't a bad one, but it just wasn't developed as completely as it could have been.  At the end, I spent less time thinking about my faith and more time thinking about what was wrong with the movie.
I must confess that I'm an extremely late newcomer to the delightful ViewAskew universe. Unfortunately, I live in Australia, which means I don't have much exposure to Kevin Smith's films - more's the pity. The first time I heard about him was in relation to Dogma and the so-called "controversy" surrounding the film. After watching Dogma, I must say that I've never seen a more ridiculous case of "wowserism" in my entire life.<p>In my opinion, Dogma is the most underrated film made in the past decade. This is probably due in part to Kevin's  prediliction towards, uhm...scatalogical humor. On first viewing, his style seems very similar to that of South Park. But a closer viewing shows that Kevin Smith is a writer who very much wears his heart on his sleeve. <p>Granted, Dogma has plenty of poop jokes, but underlying all that is a gentle sincerity and compassion that permeates the entire film. Dogma isn't just a South Park-clone. It's really a sophisticated and well-thought out diatribe against the dangers of organised religion, and the wonderful power and influence that a single idea can have. I found a lot of the religious discussions in the film to be deeply refreshing - it's wonderful finally being able to see people discuss religious beliefs without feeling awkward about it. For that reason alone, Kevin Smith has my undying admiration. <p>I was one of the lucky ones who bought the Special Edition DVD, and not the original "feature-free" version that was originally released. Regardless on whether you've bought the Dogma DVD already, I strongly recommend buying the Special Edition. There are plenty of good features, including -<br />- some moderately amusing outtakes,<br />- every single deleted scene that was left on the cutting room floor,<br />- and best of all - a very funny commentary from Kevin Smith (aka Silent Bob, also the Director and Writer), Jason Mewes (the one-and-only Jay), Scott Mosier (long-time friend and producer), Vincent Perriera (View Askew historian), Jason Lee (aka Azrael), and Ben Affleck (who gets a major ribbing from Kevin). You also get to see video footage of the cast members in the studio doing the DVD commentary. The commentary is the best part of the DVD, as it's obvious that these people are very good, close friends and they get along really, really well. Although that doesn't stop Ben Affleck getting a major ribbing from Kevin Smith every chance he gets! <p>In conclusion, I think Dogma is one of the most approachable and enjoyable films about religion made in the last 10 years. It has a really good mix of laugh-out loud humor and sincere religious discussion. You certainly don't have to be religions (and I'm not) to understand the issues raised in this film. I'm definitely going to watch Chasing Amy, and I can't wait for the `Jay and Silent Bob Strikes Back' DVD to come out. Bring it on!
Kevin Smith creates an amazing story, with amazing characters (imagine that) in Dogma, his latest movie. Like Smith's other films, Dogma is quit hilarious, but it also conveys a strong message about faith. If you have  reservations about buying this movie due to the religious content, It is  not a catholic bashing movie. I'm catholic, and I wasn't offended.  Regardless, the only down side to this DVD is that Kevin hasn't released a  Collectors Edition. I'm planning on waiting for that copy... but when I do  buy it, I'll be shopping on Amazon.com!
Even though there is a disclaimer at the beginning of this film, I didn't find the film as offensive as I thought I would. As a matter of fact, I didn't find it offensive at all. This is entire film is in good humor and there are many laughs to be had in this movie! Jay and Silent Bob make the film when they are on, but there are many other characters just as funny.<br /><br />Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Alank Rickman, Chris Rock, Jason Lee and all of the others come through and make the characters they play really come to life and be believable. Ben and Matt are great as the two angels killing those they say are sinners to bring the fear of God back into peoples lives. Alan is great as the angel who isn't allowed to drink, even though he isn't on that much, he's really cool. Everyone is great! Overall, this movie is really worth seeing if you are a fan of Kevin Smith.
For a movie that features a rubber poop monster, Dogma received a whole lot of serious criticism for what was perceived by some (religious groups in particular) to be an attack on Christianity. It is, admittedly, taking some shots at the Catholic Church but the final message of the movie in no way diminishes Christianity.<br /><br />Enough for the serious stuff lets talk turkey... Dogma is a comedy from director Kevin Smith, the fourth of his "Jersey" stories, and everything just clicks perfectly together. Smith, and his favorite actors, have all matured nicely over the previous 3 films and, despite being cast in mostly different roles, are totally at ease with themselves and their respective roles; even Jason Mewes never seems to miss a beat in his reoccurring Smith part "Jay," and the underrated Jason Lee is exquisite as the demon Azrael.<br /><br />Joining Smith's usual stable of friends and actors are some well know, and very talented, names such as Alan Rickman, Linda Fiorentino, Salma Hayek, Chris Rock, and Matt Damon (Damon and Affleck as the angles Loki and Bartleby have all the best lines). This great cast along with Smith's well balanced script keeps the film light, funny, and well thought-out when it could have easily turned into a stodgy, soap-box style dissertation on organized Religion.
Some of these reviewers have panned this movie as a misuse of great acting talent.  Fans of Ben Affleck and Matt Damon, particularly, assert that their boys were underserved by this film.<br /><br />If you've never seen this movie before, here's a suggestion.  Look at it as sort of a senior thesis in filmmaking.  It's chock-full of original, quirky ideas, many of which are calculated to get people mad.  This is the concept meant by the word "sophomoric."<br /><br />Two angels that have lost favor find a technical loophole with dogma which will allow them back into heaven.  So, it's a "quest" movie where the questors are fallen angels, and their quest lacks legitimacy.  As written, the angels have become imps in the classical sense:  they have a mean-spirited, mischievous sense of humor.<br /><br />People object to many things here, but perhaps one of the things that most sticks in the throat is that Jay and Silent Bob, two characters that define the terms "slacker" and "low-life," end up becoming the instrumentalities that God uses to restore balance to the universe.  But that notion has plenty of precedent in the New Testament anyway.  Read it some time...<br /><br />Anyway, taken as a senior thesis, this is actually a satisfying movie.  As a catalyst for talking about the traditions of the Catholic Church, even, it serves a halfway decent purpose.<br /><br />And, if you're looking for a more suitable vehicle for Ben Affleck, try "Pearl Harbor."
First off, Dogma isn't supposed to be takin seriously.  None of Kevin Smith's movies are, for that matter.  So, for all of you naysayers who do nothing but harp on this movie, please, do all the fans a favor: GET OVER IT, AND DON'T WATCH IT!!!  Now, that's been said, on to the movie.  This was the first Kevin Smith movie I had ever viewed, and from the get go, I liked it.  The acting, for all characters, is enjoyable.  You can believe the actors are there characters (which is kind of the point, right?).  As a Catholic myself, I was apprehensive of this film, until I realized that it is just a movie.  If you're the type of person who can watch a movie, and not take all of its messages to heart, please, view this one.  Actually, there is one good idea that this movie brings to light.  There is a line in the film that says &quot;So you believe now?&quot;  &quot;No, but I have a pretty good idea.&quot;  This line refers to the thought of religion, and if you are one those fanatics, then maybe it isn't your flick.  But maybe, just maybe, you can walk away laughing, and even thinking, which I believe was Kevin Smith's main idea.
Bartleby and Loki, two angels banished to Wisconsin for the rest of eternity, have found a loophole in God's Law and are on their way to take advantage of a planetary indulgence  at the centennial celebration of a small Catholic church in New Jersey.  Since proving God to be fallible would make everything cease to exist and with God MIA, an unlikely team of mortals and heavenly hosts come together to try to stop them. <p>Overall, this is a fun movie.  It is not a movie for those easily offended, however.  To be honest, we rarely watch our DVD version but catch it on TV whenever it comes on.  I wish there were an "edited for TV" version on DVD. The foul language really does not add to the movie in the least and, for me, gets in the way of enjoying it.  Jason Mewes' sex obsessed character is funny but the edited version gets the same gist across without having to wade through the language.  I would give the edited version 4 stars because it really is an enjoyable movie.  However, I put 3 here because of the language and the fact that I can't put three and a half stars.  <p>As far as religion goes, I don't think that this was intended as a theosophical treatise.  It is a comedy and there are a lot of religious zingers.  Chris Rock, as the thirteenth apostle, claims not only that he was left out of the bible because he is black but that Jesus was black as well.  Salma Hayek, who plays a prodigal Muse (Greco-Roman mythology) insists that god is a woman. George Carlin plays Cardinal Ignatious Glick has a whole new program to get "butts in the pews" including a very funny Buddy Jesus. Alan Rickman as Metatron (the Voice) gets peeved about people who's religious knowledge comes from Charlton Heston films.  Altogether, lots of laughter but really a superficial dealing with real religious questions. If you get offended on religious grounds, you are taking it WAY too seriously.
This film is a sick but strangely amusing combination of religon, black humour and the f*&amp;kin strangest cast ever to work together. <p>The film is very funny and will definitely irritate all those religous freaks!
Rarely does a movie, book, event or person make you say, YES, THAT'S IT! This did. There are over 400 reviews and some feel like I do and others don't. Watch this movie.  It is worth the time when possibly you will experience a truly amazing relevation that makes you think about your spirituality.  <p>It's an idea. You must see the movie (last scene) to know what I am refering to. :)
Yes i know this movie may be a little bit controversial.  But youll laugh your ... off.  It has a great cast.  It is very well written.  i own all of Kevin Smith's movies.  this one is the best by far.  I watched it for a month straight.  I can tell you ever little quirk.  That is how good it is.  If you dont laugh than you need to get your funny bone checked.  Oh yeah if you wana see Jay and Silent Bob as prophets.  Than this is the movie for you.
There are very, very many really good things in this movie, but in the end it is marred by an inability to pull all the elements together as well as by a really weak ending.  Oh, and another weak link:  the depiction of God.<p>God doesn't fare well in cinema history.  Nothing is harder in a movie than to represent God in compelling fashion.  Alanis Morrissette's cart wheeling Yahweh is easily one of the least convincing.  Even worse than Will Smith's turn as Bagger Vance AKA Jesus in another movie featuring Matt Damon.  Or George Burns in his incarnation as the I WHO I AM in a couple of dreadful films with John Denver.  In fact, I can think of only one truly moving portrayal of God in film:  Rex Ingram's &quot;De Lawd&quot; in GREEN PASTURES.<p>This is a film of ideas, and if you don't like ideas, you won't like this film.  To me, Kevin Smith is at his best when putting ideas to use.  He is at his worst when engaging in physical humor or gross humor (the worst moment in the film--apart from Alana Morrissette's turn as the deity or the general ending) is the monster composed of feces).  Well, he is also good as sex jokes, though perhaps a few too many are made in the course of anyone film.  <p>Also, the movie doesn't have a good pace, and sometimes lurches forward only to rock backwards again in a few minutes.  I suppose I echo the editorial review in saying that Kevin Smith writes brilliant scripts but isn't nearly as polished as a filmmaker.<p>Moving to the good side of things.<p>It is frequently really, really funny.  I laughed a lot, and a lot of the images in the film have really stuck with me.  Like the &quot;Buddy Jesus&quot; statue from the beginning.  <p>The cast was, I thought, pretty strong, if slightly unexpected.  Not including Jay and Silent Bob (their showing up in a Kevin Smith film can hardly be termed unexpected), you get Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino (I have always had a massive crush on her), Jason Lee (the lead singer of the band in ALMOST FAMOUS, here playing a demon decked out in a splendid white suit), Salma Hayek, George Carlin, Janeane Garofalo (big crush on her also), Alan Rickman, and Chris Rock.<p>The movie is neither overly disrespectful of God (I had several friends studying for the priesthood when I was at Yale Divinity School, and I am certain they would all have had a hoot watching this) nor iconoclastic.  Overall, I recommend this movie, and if you aren't expecting perfection, I think you will get a kick out of it.<p>Kevin Smith themes:  in every one of his flicks, there are references to hockey and STAR WARS.  The former is fulfilled in obvious fashion with the hockey stick wielding punks.  The latter in having Carrie Fisher appear in a small role near the beginning of the film.  Keep a sharp eye out for her, or you might miss her.  <p>PIECE OF TRIVIA:  the old fella who gets beat up at the beginning of the movie by the hockey stick wielding punks is Bud Cort, who had a small but memorable role in the movie M*A*S*H and the title role in the Robert Altman cult flick BREWSTER MCCLOUD.  Since DOGMA he has become pretty active as a supporting actor.
Kevin Smith is right on track with this hilarious comedy.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damond star as two renegade angels trying to get back into heaven.  Linda Fiorentino is the person chosen to stp the angels.  Alan Rickman is  an angel helping Linda, Chris Rock is the 13th apostle left out the bible,  tagging along are Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith as Jay and Silent Bob.  Jason  Lee is Azrael, a demond helping Ben and Matt.  This movie rocks, buy it.
This movie is for those out there comfortable enough with their faith to poke fun at some of the "Dogma" spoken and written down by various religious personages over the centuries.  Director Kevin Smith and an all star cast leave you laughing over some very interesting quips on Christian faith, particularly Catholicism.  Great watch for anyone looking to laugh about something usually taken seriously, Faith
I don't think it's a accident that most of the actors have a Roman Catholic background.  Obviously the director, cast, and writers have issues, but it's clear they are at least conversant with the subject.  Yes, the theology sucks; they don't understand what is actually taught, but you can see how they struggle with the oversimplified version of the faith that is presented at the lowest levels of a Catholic education.  (Seven years of parochial school here, and four more CCD; I understand where they're coming from.)  Given these misunderstandings, what comes out is funny as hell.  Don't take it as a theoligical treatise.  See it as a "reductio ad absurdum" of the simplified theology presented to children and laugh your head off.
Thank you for helping me get this awesome movie everything was perfect played smoothly and the special features were awesome I will purchase from this seller again.  the packaging and everything was just right the seller did everything as promised thank you very much.
Dogma to me is one of my favorites in my movie collection.  I am Catholic but this movie made me laugh so hard in so many scenes, I was not even offended by any of the movie.  Also if anyone ask me I tell them the truth like the front of the dvd cover "Faith is a funny thing."  That is actually true in so many ways,  I am forever a Kevin Smith fan after this movie.  So like I say typically if you need a good laugh and unwind from hard days work and unwind from life then pick this dvd up and laugh your butt off scene after scene.
I have been looking for this movie for a while. I saw it shortly after it came out and laughed throughout the whole thing. I am not normally a Ben Afflack fan, and I think this may be one of his best roles. And of course you have the immortal George Carlin, as a priest, which is ironically hilarious.
My husband is 65 years old and this low budget irreverent campy movie has been a longtime favorite of his. With stars like Matt Damon, Chris Rock and Silent Bob (my hubbys's fav) it proves that if you have a good cast you dont need to spend alot of money to put out a good film. The price was good and it arrived 2 days after I placed the order with Amazon Prime.
This is a great movie.  A little heavy on the bible but informative.  The cast is fantastic
I loved it when it first came out and now I love watching it in the palm of my hand.
Best movie ever! I wasnt sure about it but I really enjoyed this movie shipping was REALLY fast And Dogma was just a blast to watch thank you!
This movie is a kevin smith movies so its awsome like all the rest. Its even better beacuse it is on psp!
The UMD medium is not capable of including many title menu options, so I won't consider the lack of special features as a drawback.  The PSP's screen format did not sacrifice the quality of the film in the slightest.  The movie itself . . . well what can I say . . . it's Dogma.  Two fallen angels seek a way back into Heaven.  And it seems that dogmatic law has allowed them a loophole in divine decree.  If they aren't stopped, the consequences could be dire.  And it's a comedy.
A way of looking at mythology and how we are controlled by it. The intellect is subordinate to the dogmatic powers of religion. It scares me , but yet it makes me think.
Yes, you will want to be open minded when you watch Dogma, but as someone who grew up in the Catholic Church it gives a darkly satirical look at many of the things that typically baffle a preteen trying to understand the Baltimore Catechism. Be sure to watch the added features.
Yea 5 stars, Dogma are you kidding me. One of the best movies ever. Came in less than anticipated time, and works beautifully.
I bought this movie because Kevin Smith aka Silent Bob was the director and it didn't dissapoint me at all. I couldn't stop laughing. Great story, great actors.
I loved this movie.  I went to Catholic school, so I got all the jokes, and it is FUNNY!  My Jewish friends walked out after 10 minutes; they had no idea what they were talking about in the film and they got bored.  But if you are in-the-know about Catholic dogma, it's a hoot and well worth the time.  I'm no Catholic myself, but I think you'd be pretty insecure in your beliefs if this movie offends you (it's profane; it's Silent Bob! I'm talking about issues of faith here that are tossed around like so many fooze-balls.) Bob clearly appreciates Catholicism- it's a strangely loving movie.  The cast is first rate, and Alan Rickman is at his dyspeptic best.<br /><br />If you like this, I'd also recommend<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0061438596">Lamb Special Gift Ed: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal</a>.
Great story line, written by Kevin Smith; two angels expelled from Heaven are seeking a way to get back, and they find it - in the Catholic Church, by way of plenary indulgence.  It's up to the Last Scion and a few others (including Jay and Silent Bob - snoogins!) to stop them before they unmake creation.
I've seen this a number of times and find something new to laugh at almost every time I watch. It's superb satire -- but not for most folk who won't like playing around with religion and showing a female God who roars. The cast is letter perfect inlcluding George Carlin and Allan Rachman (the Voice of God). But caution for those who are true blievers it could be most upsetting. For others it's a remarkable change of pace from he usual mundane stuff that comes out of Hollywood.
I almost didn't watch this movie when it came on TV because of the scenario: 2 angels must be stopped before they destroy the world. I ain't Oprah and I ain't into no angels. But, I DID watch it and it was GREAT! This movie reflects my EXACT view of "the religion thing". It's a fantastic movie and anyone who's thought about the subject of religion and is honest about it will love it too. Only thing - probably should shoo the kids out of the room. The language used ain't no "Thee" and "Thou".
I had low expectations when I first sat down to watch this film on my vcr. I knew it was a comedy and not much else, so I thought I was just in for some light fun and nothing else.<br /><br />Boy was I wrong! This movie is chock full of intellectual humor, which resonates even more if you (like me) grew up going to a Catholic school.
I should probably start this review by saying that Dogma was forced on me by my best friend, an avowed Kevin Smith fanatic.  Having only seen Chasing Amy before (and enjoying it a great deal), I was quite ready to dip into a movie by the same writer.  It stirred up a fair bit of controversy at the time, although having watched it I can say it's not actually that controversial.  Indeed, it's embracement of all 'ideas' comes almost perilously close to schmaltz.  Saying that, this is exactly the kind of screwball humour I love.  See, there are two disgraced angels (Damon and Affleck) who find a dogmatic loophole through which they can re-enter Heaven, thus ending the world by proving God to be fallible.  So it falls upon Linda Fiorentino's lapsed Catholic, as recruited by The Voice of God (Alan Rickman), to put a stop to their dastardly plans.  Along the way she's aided by prophets (Jay and Silent Bob), the forgotten 13th apostle (Chris Rock) and a muse (Salma Hayek).  All against Jason Lee's horn-headed baddie.<p>The humour comes thick and fast, with some absolutely classic scenes involving Damon's Loki exacting vengeance on a board meeting, Alanis Morissette's God doing handstands after defeating the apocalypse and some very very brilliant pop culture references.  The acting is also crucial, with particular stand-outs including Damon's most freewheeling role yet, Fiorentino treading a fine line between the serious and the comical and Affleck proving that with the right script and a role that doesn't reek of self-satisfaction (Pearl Harbour anyone?) he can be a very likeable, good, performer.  It of course goes without saying that the supporting cast is uniformally excellent.<p>Still, the script does pander to vulgarity several times, which you'll either lap up or resent given the nuance, interesting humour of the rest of the movie.  Smith also has a slight tendency to over-talk his script, as if to constantly to remind us that this is a satire and not something to be taken seriously.  Whilst he points out in an ironic foreword that this should be evident ten minutes in, he still feels the need to hammer it in a little too much.  Saying that though, the serious elements of the story are mostly done very well, thanks in no part to Fiorentino.  Destined to become some kind of cult classic among Smith fans, this is a much smarter and funnier comedy than any of the one I've seen this year yet.  So, whilst not brilliant perhaps, at the very least Dogma is witty, vibrant and original.
Is hilarious! You won't stop laughing!<br />An incredibly imaginitive take on religion...'Buddy Christ' *lol*<br />You won't be sorry you rented this!
"DOGMA" is a good movie. It's incredibly bizarre, but in an interesting way.  Some may hate it--sex is mentioned, drugs are used, and language abounds.<p>Alan Rickman, as Metatron, is excellent and probably the best actor in the film. Matt Damon & Ben Affleck (renegade angels banished to Wisconsin for the entire span of human history) are actually quite good, and their friendship comes across.<p>My only complaint with this movie is that it could be so much more polished.  The story line is a little choppy and jumpy in some places, the language could be cut down (not because I find it offensive, but because it disrupts what the characters are trying to SAY), and some of the drug usage (do we really need to see an angel smoking weed?) is absolutely pointless. <p>Good movie, though, with good points. If you're interested in watching it, rent it.  Chances are you'll hate it--or love it.
Great movie, even beter if you are familiar with the bible and not afraid to challange your faith.
I love Kevin Smith's movies....They're rude, crude, and the dialogue is somewhat intelligent.  It's not all [rude] jokes like some people seem to think.  Anyways, Dogma is probably his most intelligent film to date.  Kevin Smith grew up Catholic, as did I, and this film pokes fun at alot of the stereotypes of Catholicism.  He never said it was to be taken seriously, so I don't understand why it is causing such a great controversy!  It's a movie!  Anyways, I love it, it's hilarious, and I recommend it to anyone who loves a good laugh.
You want a good laugh?  Get this movie - it doesn't matter what religion you are, you will have a good time and this movie is the &quot;bomb&quot;!  If you don't know Jay and Silent Bob, Rent Clerk and Mallrat, both a classic.  <p>This movie makes you think, cry at time and laugh most of all.  Not at religions, not at God, just a good laugh, great actors.<p>And Buddy Jesus is there to make you SMILE!
Some of the funniest lines in recent movies were written by Kevin Smith.  He manages to demonstrate the image and commercial obsessions of our society without being preachy, while endorsing, not rejecting faith.  However, he does question the legitimacy of religious dogma run amok, and what it does to the message.<p>Matt and Ben are awesome in this movie.  Aside from the very few projects (i.e. Rounders, Bounce) they do their best work when they share the screen with each other.  In addition, this movie is full of great cameos by some very talented people.
Don't listen to the zealots, this is a great movie.  Many people believe that this movie &quot;bashes&quot; Christianity, Catholicism in particular.  Now, like Kevin Smith, I am a Catholic, and I was in no way offended by  this movie, in fact I saw it five times in the theater.  This is a movie  that shows the idiosyncracies in church dogma, just as every structure has  idiosyncracies.  The movie shows these points through an interesting and  entertaining story of good v. evil.  The overall theme of this movie is  that people should be more open to new ideas and to realize what Christ was  all about, love and understanding.  &quot;Jesus wasn't sent to earth to  give us the 'willies,' he is a booster.&quot;  Finally, this is a great  movie, with great ideas and great dialogue.  I believe that it is Kevin  Smith's best work to date.  Matt Damon, Jason Lee, Linda Fiorentino, George  Carlin, Kevin Smith, Jason Mewes, Alan Rickman, and Chris Rock all give  very good performances, but Ben Affleck does a wonderful job as Bartleby. I  would certainly suggest this movie to anyone.  Faith is a funny thing.
As a pair of two lapsed Catholics, My husband and I rented this movie on the recommendation of another catholic friend of ours.  From the moment they unveiled the hilarious &quot;Buddy Christ&quot; to the moment the ending credits appeared we were rolling on the floor howling with laughter as only two people who spent years in catholic school could.  <p>Matt Damon and Ben Affleck were great as two fallen angels banished by God to hell (Wisconsin) trying to get back into Heaven through a loophole in Catholic dogma.  Which would unfortunately destroy the world because it would prove God fallible.  Chris Rock was a very funny 13th Apostle named Rufus and Selma Hayek's role as a feisty muse name Serendipity was also good.  Jason Mews and Kevin Smith himself in their perennial roles as &quot;Jay&quot; and &quot;Silent Bob&quot; were a scream as two unlikely &quot;prophets&quot; sent to aid the last Scion played by Linda Fiorentino.  My favorite performance was that of Alan Rickman who played the surly and much put upon Metatron (or the voice of God).  He portrayed the long suffering character of God's right hand angel with an excellent mix of irony, dry humor, and compassion.  His fiery entrance scene was classically funny!<p>I felt that the weakest performance was that of Fiorentino's who played the main character Bethany, the last Scion charged with the mission of stopping the renegade angels.  While she did a good job, there was something that seemed slightly forced in her portrayal of a catholic (who worked in an abortion clinic by the way) struggling with her beliefs just going through the motions of faith.  The sarcastic lines lacked some bite and her expressions seemed a bit contrived.  Her performance improved in the middle of the movie during her scene with Rickman after she discovers her true identity.<p>Overall, I felt that Dogma was not about bashing the Catholic church, but about some of the funny things about organized religion and faith.  Smith touches on a number of different issues here, and the humor was a great way of dealing with the touchy and explosive subject of religion.<p>Most critics I suspect were offended by the language, but if you've seen one of Kevin Smith's movies before, that's to be expected.  Sometimes you have to look past the messenger to see the message.  Other critics sited implausible plot, wordy, or the always elegant &quot;it just sucks&quot;.  One critic bashed Smith for assuming that everyone was Catholic!  <p>Those that thought the movie bashed Catholicism didn't read into what Smith was saying.  Selma Hayek summed it up perfectly &quot;You people don't celebrate your faith. You mourn it.&quot;  Loosen up people, having a sense of humor about it is part of celebrating your faith.<p>I agree that the dialogue got a bit wordy, but I suspect that was for the benefit of those who didn't have a background in Catholicism.  If you filtered out some of the conversational meandering and vulgar interjections by the trash mouthed &quot;prophet&quot; Jay, you'll find some interesting and thought provoking gems in there.  As for an implausible plot...hello!  We're talking religion here folks, and I think that few people would agree that the Bible is necessarily a wellspring realistic and plausible plots.  Religion is about leaps of faith and if you can't handle that, then you won't get the meaning behind the movie.  <p>The critics in the &quot;it just sucks&quot; camp I suspect aren't very patient with the subject of &quot;two hours of Catholic mythology&quot; and are more comfortable with the secular subjects of Smith's other movies (romance, shopping, drugs and the like).  Hey, I don't like football, so am I going to complain that the writers of The Replacements and Remember the Titans assumed that everyone in the world enjoys football?  No, I'm simply not going to watch movies about football...problem solved.  The name of the movie is Dogma, it should give you a clue.  And if you don't know what dogma means, look it up.<p>So here's a warning to all...if you have no tolerance for organized religion, so called Catholic mythology, occasional potty humor (literally), profanity, or you have no sense of humor on the subject of religion, then don't watch this movie.  You be disappointed or angry.<p>If you are a little bit more open minded, I invite you to try out this wonderfully funny movie.
I liked &quot;Dogma&quot;  With it's star studded cast of Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Chris Rock, Salma Hayek, Linda Fiorentino, Alanis Morissette, and Jay and Silent Bob.  What could go wrong right?  The film was funny but to cluttered.  The filmmaking was cluttered and not up to par.  Kevin Smithis a great director but he made this film cluttered.  Here is the plot:<p>Two banished angels (Affleck and Damon) find a loophole that would get them back into Heaven so they set off to go.  The only problem is that if they got back into heaven it would prove that God (Morissette) would not be perfect and the world would end.  So a girl (Fiorentino), the 13th Aposile (Rock), an angel (Hayek), and Jay and Silent Bob set off to stop them. <p>Seems like a good plot, right?  It is and the acting is great, especcially by a very funny Rock and Jay and Silent Bob, but Kevin Smith makes the movie cluttered and sub-par bringing this funny and good movie down to four stars.  This movie is incredibly funny, with jokes about sex and religion including Rock saying Jesus was black.  Rent it but the directing wasn't the best because it was to cluttered.<p>Rated R for humor, language, violence, nudity, and drug content.
I liked &quot;Dogma&quot;  With it's star studded cast of Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Chris Rock, Salma Hayek, Linda Fiorentino, Alanis Morissette, and Jay and Silent Bob.  What could go wrong right?  The film was funny but to cluttered.  The filmmaking was cluttered and not up to par.  Kevin Smithis a great director but he made this film cluttered.  Here is the plot:<p>Two banished angels (Affleck and Damon) find a loophole that would get them back into Heaven so they set off to go.  The only problem is that if they got back into heaven it would prove that God (Morissette) would not be perfect and the world would end.  So a girl (Fiorentino), the 13th Aposile (Rock), an angel (Hayek), and Jay and Silent Bob set off to stop them. <p>Seems like a good plot, right?  It is and the acting is great, especcially by a very funny Rock and Jay and Silent Bob, but Kevin Smith makes the movie cluttered and sub-par bringing this funny and good movie down to four stars.  This movie is incredibly funny, with jokes about sex and religion including Rock saying Jesus was black.  Rent it but the directing wasn't the best because it was to cluttered.<p>Rated R for humor, language, violence, nudity, and drug content.
Why are there many different versions of Christian belief?<p>Why are there so many rules to believe in God and His Son?<p>This film answers these question simply, by saying, it's faith -- one's undying belief -- that matters, not what a church says, not what various Christian rules and regulations say how a person should believe. Those who felt offended may have missed the point of this movie. Don't take yourselves too seriously; in the end, we're all the same, and no one is better than another. <p>I may not believe in God, but I know if I were one, I'd have a sense of humor.
Dogma not only is a wonderful film but very thought provoking. Smith shows is true love of christianity and makes a lot of thought provoking facts and questions about faith. All the extras are great and we a treated with not one but TWO audio tracks. Best DVD I own well worth the money and the easter eggs are cool as well.
Biting satire, slapstick comedy and a very heavy message plus good acting (mostly) make this film a real winner. I recommend this one to anyone who is'nt a religious nut (You know who you are) and loves good movies.
DOGMA is the fourth entry in the 'New Jersey Chronicles'. The film is about a Catholic woman who is chosen to stop two renegade angels from getting back into Heaven --- and destroying all human existence in the process. Jay and Silent Bob appear as two unlikely prophets who end up joining the woman on her road trip to New Jersey where she must stop the renegade angels. The 2 Disc DVD Special Edition of this film is the only true way to see it!
&quot;Dogma&quot; began with some notes by Kevin Smith(Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy) before he even thought up &quot;Clerks&quot;. Back then it was originally called &quot;God&quot; and he only had a few scenes written on some notes. Since then, he has written and directed &quot;The Jersey Trilogy&quot;, which all surround semi-biographical stories of his life in New Jersey. This time around, New Jersey is the destination, not the primary setting. It is here where the story will begin and end.<p>New Jersey: 1999<p>Cardinal Glick(George Carlin) plans to celebrate his Catholic church Centenial by steering Catholicism from a bleak past to an upbeat future. Anyone who enters the church will be in a state of grace, and all of their past sins will be gone. This is the event that two fallen angels named Bartleby and Loki(Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) discover as their loophole back into heaven. If they walk through the doors, their sins will be gone. After that they would have to cut off their wings, and then get killed, therebye sending their souls into heaven. They have been banished to Wisconsin until the world ends, and when that happens, they will have to sit outside of Heaven's gate for the rest of eternity. So they decide to travel to New Jersey, in order to return home. The problem is that if they get back into heaven, it will negate God's decree and all existence will dissapear as we know it. <p>The over worked voice of god named Metatron(Alan Rickman) summons a Catholic who's lost her faith named Bethany(Linda Florentino). She is helped by two profits named Jay and silent Bob(Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith). The pair are going to New Jersey anyway, so she asks to go with them. On the way they meet Rufus(Chris Rock), a dead man who claims that he is the 13th Apostle and was only left out of the bible because he is black. They all travel on their way in the attempt to stop Bartleby and Loki from succeeding.<p>Kevin Smith(Writer/Director) creates a comedy that is purely fiction, but it often seems quite believable(concerning religion). It also mocks those people who would hate it without seeing it first(There were many). It opens with a disclaimer stating that it is purely a work of fantasy, and that it shouldn't really be taken seriously. It goes on to make a joke about the platypus and then apologizes to all of the platipi enthusiasts out there. As far as the cast goes, there can be absolutely no complaints. It is suprising that Smith got the type of cast that he did because they were paid almost close to nothing. But it all paid off because &quot;Dogma&quot; is a satisfying comedy that puts a new spin on common belief. The characters of Jay and silent Bob have made an impression into the minds of moviegoers. The amount of speaking that Jay does sort of evens out the duo. Lots of people will love &quot;Dogma&quot; and of course, lots of people will not. Lets just hope that the people that don't like it see it first.
I siffted through and read many of the reviews about this movie here, and I did not se anyone elude to the whole overall point of this movie.  All of the people who went to that church to have all of their sins forgiven so they could start over and one day be welcomed into heaven were all killed.  There is no easy way out, so be good.
A lot of nay-sayers ... this movie. But I thought it was very comical, witty, and a grand slag at Catholicism.  Hurrah for that let me just say right now. Chris Rock is cool as Rufus, the 13th Apostile.. You knew Jesus? Rock: Knew him? ... owes me 9 bucks!&quot; sooo funny. Jason Lee needs to be in more FUNNY movies like this, and the previous Smith efforts. what were his other movies? I saw Heartbreakers, and he was all wishy washy smiles and puppy dog eyes.  Lee, i guess you are not getting any good scripts my man, 'cause that was terrible! anyways, all I would take out of the movie is that ... Alanis Morrisette as God. Norm McDonald should have been God, cause well, he is. Peace. and I'll SEE YOU ...
Dogma has some funny moments and contains the kernel of a good film, but unfortunately these are lost in the loose direction and  slack editing.  There are quite a few plot problems and they are never really resolved properly. A few more months in the editing suite may have worked wonders for this film, but overall it was very disappointing. <p>Ed Wood would've been proud.
I thought Dogma was, single handidly, the most surreal, funniest and thought-provoking film I have seen in ages. Linda Fiorentino does the greatest performance of her career, Ben and Matt portray very believable characters, Chris Rock, as usual, is funnier than ever, Salma Hayek as a sultry muse does a grade A job, silent Bob and Jay are two of the funniest duos in movie history, Jeneane Garofalo, small role but big laughs-LOVE HER! and of course, the most beautiful, talented, gifted singer of the 90's: Alanis Morissette. SEE THIS MOVIE! YOU'LL LOVE IT.
What if two fallen angels found a loophole that could get them back into heaven? Now what if that same loophole might just cause the destruction of the entire universe?<p>That's the premise of this wonderful movie. (And don't believe the rumors you've heard about blasphemy and damnation for all that see it!)<p>With plenty of theological &quot;inside jokes&quot; to keep any Catholic school graduate enthralled, the plot, action and dialog all make this a very enjoyable and compelling film. Truly comical. Truly intellectual (Hey! don't let that put you off!). But mostly, truly enjoyable.<p>If you liked Jay and Silent Bob from Mall Rats, you'll love this film!
I had seen both Chasing Amy and Clerks and had mixed opinions on those, but I admit I laughed out loud several times during this movie.  Will there be those that dislike it for its depiction of religion and mixture of profanity and sexual innuendo.  Sure, but many of those who would be offended by this get all up in arms about all sorts of trivial stuff.  I like to think the &quot;disclaimer&quot; at the beginning of the movie that God hopefully has a sense of humor holds true.  This movie while a comedy, does make you sit and think about religion itself and the way its structured.  In all I found the movie both funny and somewhat enlightening.  I do agree with others that I found the overall ending somewhat weak, but come on its a comedy how are you supposed to depict the almighty.  I'll admit that sometime I grimaced at the comments from Jay that toe the line, but I still found the movie funny.  So overall, if you are someone who likes to laugh and doesn't get all worked up about religion, rent this, maybe even buy it and you'll find yourself smiling.
Kevin Smith has a movie here that may be as good, if not better, than his classic Clerks as he takes a jab at a touchy and very noteworthy topic, the catholic religion.  And if you put down this movie because you might not think Smith knows what he's talking about, your wrong.  He has everything in check, which is important when making a film about a subject like this, but he is able to bring it with as much sincerity as laughs.<p>A woman (Fiorentino), who has lost the faith, is told that she must go on a holy crusade to stop 2 angels from entering a church in where else, Red Bank NJ, and to stop them from entering a loophole.  But she won't be alone, as she is joined by 2 pot head prophets (Jay and Silent Bob, who have they're biggest role here outside of this years upcoming Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back), an outcast apostle (Chris Rock in one of his best roles) and a cast of others (Salma Hayek, for example).  <p>Has scenes that might seem gruesome, but being that they are all in irreverent and good fun, it is worth it.  One of the better satires ever.  George Carlin steals his scenes, by the way.
Great movie, I adored it's plot, but it doesn't fit with the rest of his movies, except for jay and silent bob, I know that this is no reason to hate a movie, but in this case, the name Kevin Smith means anti-streamlined, and this was way to streamlined, it doesn't matter, it's still impressive, I never tell any part of the story, because it means you already know about the movies, all I can say is it's good, but not up to par with his other movies.  George Carlin is great as he plays a bishop. &quot;I am 15 but I should not be questioned because of my age but because of my thoughts.&quot;
Long live Jay and Silent Bob!!  OK, so I really rented it because Matt and Ben were on the cover, but still, I have really enjoyed all of Kevin Smith's movies.
Loved it!  Though I was raised Catholic, I was always taught to have a good sense of humor about myself.  Too many people saw this movie as a poke in the eye at religion.  Funny, I saw it as a positive statement on religion.  Of course, most of the negative reviews tend to come from people who haven't actually SEEN the film....
&quot;...no denomination has nailed it yet, because they are all (organized religion, that is) too self-righteous to realize it's not what you have faith in, it's that you have faith,&quot; says the muse, Serendipity, played by Salma Hayek, which spells out what this movie is all about.  That and the fact God has a sense of humor, and is canadian, hehe.  <p>  At the first part of the movie a warning appears which basically says do not take this film seriously.  Unfortunately, some people thought different and took it very seriously, basically saying that God would never have a sense of humor and  they protest it.  These people need to wake and smell the comedy, because this movie is funny. witty, and very entertaining. It is about two angels, Bartleby (Ben Affleck) and Loki (Matt Damon) who have been banished from heaven (for reasons that will be explained in the movie) and must live out the rest of human history in Wisconsin, which I guess is worse than hell, ask the Metatron, played by the ever-talented Alan Rickman.  <p>  UNfortunately, these two angels have found a loophole in Catholicism, which would let them back in to heaven.  But if this happens the world will end because it will prove God wrong and God is supposed to be infallible.  So the metatron tracks down the last scion (the last living relative of Jesus) played by Linda Fiorentino, and with the help of the 13th apostle (Chris Rock), which the bible failed to mention, and Jay and Silent Bob(Smith and Mewes), they head towards Jersey to stop the angels. It is a comical trip through with dialogue so funny, you may get whip-lash.  Also, a welcome part from George Carlin as a Cardinal, not to mention that Jay and Silent Bob play bigger roles compared to previous films (Clerks and Chasing Amy). GRADE: A-
Dogma is one of the funniest yet thought provoking movies I have ever seen!  It is definitely one you will want to own.  The parody of certain Catholic beliefs makes for a wonderful spoof; but still gets you thinking about the scheme of God and His(Her) sense of humor.  I truly feel that God does have one and that He/She enjoyed this film as well.  If you haven't seen it, rent it then you will buy it!
This is not &quot;The Ten Commandments&quot;, this is a movie by the guy who made Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy.  If you are expecting some epic religious picture and seeking enlightenment, go elsewhere.  If instead you are looking for a highly entertaining picture with some great dialogue and smart, yet juvenile humor, you are in the right place.  And if you are a true fan, this is the DVD to get, just look at the extras!  Deleted scenes, 3 commentaries - Kevin Smith works hard to let his fans into his movie making process, and he always does a great job.  A great addition to any collection.
I have yet to be disappointed by one of Kevin Smith's movies, and Dogma is no exception.  Witty and irreverent, this is one of the year's greatest flicks.  The characters are well-acted, the story is wonderful, and the timing of this cast is fantastic.  I highly recommend this one, unless you are easily put off by religious jokes......but a must-see for all Kevin Smith fans out there.  You will not be sorry!<p>And yes, God is a woman.  :)
Definitely the best movie of 1999, and one of my all-time favorites.  Kevin Smith is a blessing in the film industry, showing that there is hope in this Hollywood-run world.<p>Dogma, on the surface, can be offensive to Catholics and Christans everywhere.  But the satire is deep.  The audience is asked to step out of their belief system for a couple hours and reflect--what kinds of things do we think and feel each day that are directly affected by religion (or lack thereof)?  What degree of corruption can be tolerated and ignored?  <p>Kevin Smith is not telling the audience that religion is bad.  He points out the truths of our lives, which can be the most painful and offensive to the person who does not want to reflect and think intelligently about religion.<p>And to top it all off, the film is downright hilarious.  The comedy lies in jokes (sex being the primary concern for Jay, at least) but mostly in Smith's perception of the world.  As they say in imrovisational comedy, the truth is the funniest thing out there.<p>Anyone who doesn't like this film the first time around should see it again.  Chances are, with an open mind, you will realize how stupendous this movie is.
Dogma is one of the best examples of Kevin Smith's work to date.  Not  nearly as offensive as many expected it to be, it is not anti-religion, but  rather against blind faith and organized religion.  Terribly funny, but  also with the deeper message that religion is (and should be) deeply  personal, and that nothing and no one should stand between you and your  conception of god, this keeps you interested all the way to the really cool  conclusion.  (Alanis Morisette is God?!?)  Add in the awesome cast of  actors who really make Dogma work, this is a must see for anyone with an  open mind.
hey folks,if you don't like the movie say so ,but don't wine and moan about it. after all you don't have to watch it if you don't like it.and do you all really think kevin smith cares if you like his movie or not. you  see thats what makes me like kevin smith and his movies, the fact that he  makes them like he wants to.after all they are his films, we only watch  them.so before you judge kevin's work ask yourself if you were given the  chance to make a movie would you like to make your own movie, in your own  words. or just make someone elses film and have your name on it. as far as  i'm concerned all of kevin's films including dogma are great. if we all go  through life pleasing everyone but ourselves no one would ever be happy.  kevin makes his films in that frame of mind. so stop with all these crazy,  judgemental reviews. THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT!
This really should be 4.5 stars. My only trouble is the strange audio. The spoken audio was too soft and thus all the action was far too loud when it popped in and surprised me. I ended up changing my center channel volume to avoid it, but it could have been better. As far as the content, this is one of the greatest movies that has come out lately in the comedy arena. The casting was very well done, adding to the appeal of the movie. Jay and Silent Bob finally get the screen time that they are worthy of! Boo-Yah! As always, Smith is loyal to the actors that got him where he is, and that quality just adds a little something to his movies. The story presented is just a knock-out that provides an endless opportunity for comedy, and it's used to the fullest. Some people don't care for religous humor, but this movie isn't for those people. You can't go wrong with this movie if you are a true comedy afficienado.
OK Kevin, you've made your point! Yes, you are clearly one of most  interesting flimmakers out right now. I've seen all the movies and Dogma  was only an appropriate follow-up to your stream of brutally funny and  intelligent films. <p>Dogma is not for the religiously up-tight or the  squeamish, it's a contraversial treat for the open-minded intellectuals who  know there's more to this experiment called Existence than meets the eye or  soul. Although sometimes Kevin Smith's films get overly talky and in this  one a tad preachy, the light of his magnificent concept is illuminated. It  has most of the usual Smith film elements, tons of vulgar dialogue and a  few consistent characters Jay and Silent Bob. Like all his films, Dogma is  very animated and has the energy and texture of comic books. This film  stirs up a religious stew and may leave many with a sour taste. It has its  moments of sheer lunacy and some may see it as simply a cartoonish  fantasia. But listen closely to the words between the words and thoughts  being provoked and you can see that this comedy on religion, God/Christ,  faith, and myth, is actually a cinematic paradigm of questioning belief  systems. Ha--llejuah!
The long awaited Dogma - first promised on the end titles of Clerks - takes Silent Bob &amp; Jay to their next target. Having approached sex,  drugs, romance &amp; shopping (and achieved an incredibly gratifying  nothing) organised religion pops up next. With the entirity of existence  (begrudgingly) requiring their assitance the world is in trouble.<p>This  film came in for a lot of stick for its discussion of organised religion  and faith. Denounced as blasphemous by many it raises many common  criticisms of religion and Catholism - but does it do it well? Yes and No.  The script is at times excellent and usually good however there is  sometimes a feeling that Smith just doesnt quite know what he is doing or  saying with his direction and the set pieces seem to lack a spark that  would have made the film far more rounded. The performances from the cast  are good especially Lee who puts in a great turn as Azrial.<p>On the whole  - good but not great. Better off watching Chasing Amy or Clerks but if your  in the mood...
I am an evil Mormon. (Basically I've been austrisized by my fellow mormons for actually reading the scriptures and interpeting thier obvious meanings differently than the sunday school teacher.) I just had to say that before I gave my review. Comming from a religious background I can appreciate this film for what it is. I don't think this movie was meant to be sacreligious, just thought provoking. The movie takes many comon believes and puts new spins on them in a very entertaning way. Although I do agree that the directing could have been better, I appreciate the "ideas" introduced. Especially the analogy of faith being like a glass of water. Counter arguments for some of the ideas presented in this film exist. One must remember that Christ was a Jew, and in that day marrying outside the Jewish religion was taboo. He would not have been black, or white, but Hebrew. Another counter argument is that if god was a woman wouldn't the Bible would have been written by women? It's still kind of fun to see the variety of oppinions on religion. One thing Kevin Smith could have done before shooting the movie is research, Azreal is the angel of death, not an exiled muse, and Loki was the norse god of Pranks. That aside this movie, despite it's radical views, does have a surprisingly good message about religion in our anti-religious times. Beliefs are too hard to change, but get yourself a good idea and get this DVD.
Several friends told me how blasphemous this film was, but I tried it on another friends suggestion. I was very pleased. While &quot;rough&quot; in places, the underlying gentleness and wonder show through. This movie did  two important things - it entertained me and made me think.
Note that there are NO EXTRAS on this DVD. (I don't count trailers)<p>For Kevin Smith fans this is a HUGE letdown, especially considering all the stuff they even managed to cram into the Mallrats DVD.<p>According to director Kevin Smith on his View Askew website, later this year (2000) will see the release of a fully-loaded DVD with all the extra goodies DVD owners have to demand, especially for quality movies.<p>As for the film itself, this is a brilliant movie for those of you that choose to look towards western, organized religions (regardless of the denomination) with a questioning glance. If you're not the one that can take "isms" lightly -- in this case sarcasm, symbolism, criticism, witicism -- then why bother watching?<p>But if you can watch a movie objectively and listen to the point of view it's taking, you'll be at the very least by Dogma's very original look at the Catholic church and what drives the followers of Catholicism (and for those of you out there that think Smith is a heathen, be aware that he is Catholic, goes to church every week pays his tithe on a weekly basis).<p>And if you were already fan of any of the original Jersey Trilogy (Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy), you'll be delighted by Dogma. It's as fresh and blunt (oh, a pun!) as Clerks, as biting and sterotype-smashing as Chasing Amy, while still building on the heroic qualities [smirk] of Jay and Silent Bob from Mallrats.
Just a 55 yr old Christian woman, checking out Saturday afternoon movies....stumbled on this funny, deep, irreligious, sacred, LONG, thoughtful and very enjoyable movie.  Maybe I was just in a whacky mood, but why not?  Why can't God be a woman and angels walk among us, etc?  "Thank GOD" I can look at all angles of my religion and enjoy what others think without being offended and prissy!!!!  Yes...there was some language...the same that I hear every day and sometimes emit myself! I laughed myself silly and cried a little ,too, while I watched this alone. I will buy this to share with my husband and family and especially my 16 year old daughter who is making her own religious self examinations and finding what she's comfortable with right now.  Thank you for the wonderful writing, directing, and acting.  Everyone in the cast did a fine job.  To all you prissies:  Let yourself go and think about things,even if you can't bring yourself to talk about them openly. (Someone might laugh at you !!!???) God loves you and wants you to experiment with her love and your place in her world.
Wow. So few movies succeed at doing what Dogma accomplishes almost effortlessly: laying down a story so well thought-out and complex that it  can be viewed and enjoyed in almost any context.<p>Director Kevin Smith  offers a script so brimming over with forbidden thoughts, one might  mistakenly think his intent is merely to shock. But Smith wisely roadmaps  his assertions to his audience, bringing us to the conclusion that, gee,  this guy really thought about it.<p>Think of Smith as a thinking man's  Tarantino, able to fire off mile-a-minute fascinating banter, but without  the sophomoric undertones. Characters are round and clearly defined, even  if some of the introductions are a bit speechy (Alan Rickman's entrance  dialogue with Linda Fiorentino comes immediately to mind). <p>The story  itself is briliantly written, twisting and turning deftly on the many  loopholes and contradictions man has introduced to religion. In the end,  Smith returns us to a playful, relaxed atmosphere. But we walk away knowing  there is much to learn and consider here, and that additional viewings will  undoubtedly be necessary in order to grasp the fullness of Smith's vision.
By the time this movie came out, most people had at least heard of Kevin Smith.  He was rattling the independent circuit and he had some decent credentials under his belt (a very successful indy film and a bomb of a high budget film) and he was finally given the chance to create a big budget film of one of his first scripts.  That script was a story of how two banned angels from the bible tried to get back into heaven and all the chaos that ensued.  Although it was HIGHLY controversial, I believe Smith creates a pretty good story without attacking any one religion and keeping the holes in his plot to a minimum.<br /><br />Loki and Bartleby are two angels that have been banned from heaven by God and stuck in the second worse place in America, Milwaukee, WI.  Fortunately for them, Cardinal Glick as part of a "Catholicism Wow!" campeign in McHenry, IL, has decided to make a few changes in the church.  Along with his "buddy Christ" he's offered to forgive anyone for their sins and assure safe passage into heaven if they are blessed under the church's arch.  As the two angels make their way to IL, people on both sides of the yin-yang (good and evil) are frantically trying to stop them to prevent the world from ending (which is what happens when you defy God's decree).  Who will win?  Will God be able to defend his decree?  Will the Devil stop the angels?  Or will they pass through the arch and destroy all of history?<br /><br />The plot is hard to explain, but Smith unravels it in quite a simple and definitely smooth style that it's quite simple for audiences of all ages to comprehend.  The acting is top notch, but Smith borrowed from some of Hollywood's most popular to help him with that.  Affleck and Damon give a great duo performance as the heretic angels trying to demolish all of humanity.  Alan Rickman gives a great performance, especially when he gets to couple up with Chris Rock.  Other noteable names are Linda Fiorrentino playing the lead, George Carlin as Cardinal Glick, Selma Hyak as the muse, and Jason Lee as Azrael.  I am not a religious person, but my mother sure is and I challanged her to watch this film with me and find religious contradictions.  Surprisingly not only could she not find any notable ones, she also found the movie to be quite entertaining (although she HATED the crude humor)!<br /><br />The version of the DVD that I have really doesn't have much to offer in the ways of special features, I have the traditional copy that came out first.  It does give you the clean widescreen version with 5.1 surround sound, but I would tell anyone who buys this film to get the Special Edition which I'm told is LOADED with special features.  Definitely a great four film for Smith.
I am a catholic but I found this movie very funny. I love Jay and silent Bob so much and this movie helps solidify my love for them. Ben Aflek and Mat Damon put up a great preformance and Budy Christ is such a great idea afterall Jesus didn't come here to scare us he came here to be our friend
If you just view the scenes that Metatron, &quot;Herald of the Almighty and the Voice of God&quot;, is in, the story is less murky. Dogma is irreverent (hooray!) and creative, but it would have benefitted from a more ruthless editor. Some of the scenes seem to be pointless digressions to provide a space for some low 7th grade humor. But if you concentrate on scenes with the testy seraphim, Metatron (superbly played by Alan Rickman), the film holds together really well and has a heart.
Truly thought provoking and amusing.  Though not in Kevin Smiths usual style (see Chasing Amy, Mallrats and Clerks), it has the same wonderful dialogue that fans have come to know and love, plus Jay and Silent Bob.<p>The DVD is wonderful, it has many interesting features, that I believe DVD's today are lacking.  <p>The Movie though is truly wonderful, well-written, well cast and doesn't go for the easy joke.  Well Done!
This is one original script! It makes you think while it makes you laugh. The director is a genius and the cast is one of a kind. <p>Even though the film criticized the catholic relgion, a lot of the stuff they said was  true. And what I like about the film is that they did not question the  existence of God; it talked about faith and how we lose it. The movie is  extremely funny; I was laughing out loud throughout the whole thing. I'm  sure that God has a sense of humor, and I'm sure he'd laugh if he saw  this.<p>Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Fiorentino, and Chris Rock were all  great. But the real treat in this film was the beautiful Salma Hayek; she  practically stole the spotlight.<p>Indeed, a controversial film, but the  important thing to remember is this: it is just a film. A must-see!
I'm a huge Kevin Smith fan.  I love this movie, but I'd wouldn't recommend the Special Edition.  There isn't enough extras to warrant a $10 price increase.  Unless you're OBSESSED with Kevin Smith, I'd recommend the regular Dogma DVD.
The first time I saw this film, I absolutely loved it--I saw it with a large group of open-midned Catholic students floowed by a two-hour interview with Kevin Smith.  Definitely the preferred viewing.  I watched  it again with some Jesuits, and came to two mutual conclusions. 1)  Getting  truly offended by this film is lunacy. 2)Nevertheless, the film is not very  good. Kevin Smith is classic here, and the film is quite effective in its  parody moments.  Its other best moment is a very serious dialogue between  Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, who worked the actor's equivalent of minimum  wage for their friend Smith when they could have been making millions.  As  evidenced by the mix of dramatic dialogue and parody, however, this film  never quite figures out what it wants to be.  It jumps from one genre to  the next, with reckless abandon, forgetting to take the story line with it,  and several moments are too childish to be funny. That said, however, you  cannot be too mad at Smith for making a loosely coherent movie.  He's only  made one other film that tried to be coherent (and succeeded), Chasing Amy.  Also unlinke his other films, the acting is excellent--the cast ranges from  the good to the amazing, rather than the traditional smith range of the  very good to the awful.  And his dialogue here, while not quite par with  his other movies, is better than nearly any other popular screenwriter. As  a movie that you want to see that is fun to watch, this gets four and 1/2  stars.  As an effective theologial statement, it gets two.  His slowly  emerging pictuer of what he thinks is good faith is confused and  vapid--basically, his idea is that the object of faith is irrelevant, which  kind of overlooks the natuerr of faith along every standpoint, from human  psychology to grammar (we have faith *in* something).  None of it is  offensive, because in the end, it's not saying anything.  To be  *theologically* offensive, you need a great work, like Last Temptation of  Christ.
Kevin Smith's unflinching onslaught upon organized religion that masks its intentions under the guise of an over-indulgent, goofy stoner road trip. Although he's chewing on some very thick meat in this one, a weighty, opinionated take on a touchy subject isn't quite enough to compensate for the sheer volume of quirks and trademarks the writer/director once again puts up on display. Every on-screen character speaks in long, unbroken monologues; basically mouthpieces for Smith himself. Jay and Silent Bob, the inessential links to Smith's earlier films, feel shoehorned into a plot that would've worked just as well (if not better) without them. Punchlines are virtually spelled out along the bottom of the screen, or glaringly in the backgrounds. It's a pity, because the film does have some valid points about the shortcomings of organized religion and the evolution of spirituality - particularly Catholicism - but amidst so much sinewy excess that central message is nearly clouded beyond interpretation. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, still fresh from the success of Good Will Hunting, turn in strong performances as ignorant fallen angels but ultimately find little else to work with.
This is the first Kevin Smith movie I saw. I know I know, I started a little late, but I went back and saw them all to catch up. It's nice to see that after all these years, the movie still holds up. You throw in HD and tons of extras, like delete scenes about love making of biblical proportions, and you got yourself an awesome Blu-Ray.
In what i think could be considered a classic good vs evil movie about religion, but is to be taken litely by the extremely religious, for their comedic outlook on religions.  This movie takes out the stops on bashing religions, but in the end brings a bright side to religions. This may seem contradictory, but its a good MOVIE, and that's all it is...A MOVIE! Great characters played by great actors...A MUST SEE!
I loved this movie. It was great comedy but it also had a good dramatic storyline.
'Dogma' is an irreverent look at religion from auteur Kevin Smith. Though it was protested by religious groups it shows that Kevin Smith has obviously studied and thought about the subject quite a bit, though his view is admittedly askew. I was expecting that it would be a terrible movie, but Smith had a lot of profound thoughts and waited until he was mature enough as a film maker to tackle them. There was only a few places where the acting was as bad as in his first film, 'Clerks,' and by that I mean places where you are acutely aware that the actors are reading a script, one weighted down with a lot of philosophy and theology, and they falter under their burden. Ben Affleck, as rogue angel Bartleby, carries a lot of the excess theological baggage, so I suppose that it isn't really fair to single him out. Salma Hayek, as the muse Serendipity, was nominated for a Razzie award for worst acting--but she didn't win it!<br /><br />In 'Dogma' we have the usual Kevin Smith obsessions: New Jersey, Quick Marts, Hockey, John Hughes film references--and there is the usual cast of Jason Mewes and himself as Jay and Silent Bob, along with frequent flyers Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, and Jason Lee, augmented with Chris Rock as the 13th Apostle Rufus, Linda Fiorentino as Bethany Sloane, Alanis Morissette, Bud Cort, Salma Hayek, Janeane Garofalo, and Alan Rickman.<br /><br />If you have ever wondered how many angels could dance on the head of a pin, and wanted to see a movie that ponders such topics--along with pot, potty, and other sorts of tasteless jokes--then 'Dogma' is the movie for you! Not nearly as bad as I thought it was going to be.<br /><br />-----<br />Nun: You don't believe in God because of Alice in Wonderland?<br />Loki: No, "Through the Looking Glass". That poem, "The Walrus and the Carpenter" that's an indictment of organized religion. The walrus, with his girth and his good nature, he obviously represents either Buddha, or... or with his tusk, the Hindu elephant god, Lord Ganesha. That takes care of your Eastern religions. Now the carpenter, which is an obvious reference to Jesus Christ, who was raised a carpenter's son, he represents the Western religions. Now in the poem, what do they do... what do they do? They... They dupe all these oysters into following them and then proceed to shuck and devour the helpless creatures en masse. I don't know what that says to you, but to me it says that following these faiths based on mythological figures ensure the destruction of one's inner-being. Organized religion destroys who we are by inhibiting our actions... by inhibiting our decisions, out of... out of fear of some... some intangible parent figure who... who shakes a finger at us from thousands of years ago and says...<br />==================<br /><br />OTHER NOTABLE FILM ROLES FROM 'DOGMA' CAST MEMBERS<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00067BBLY">De-Lovely</a> (2004) .... Alanis Morissette was a Musical Performer - "Let's Do It, Let's Fall In Love" in this Cole Porter biopic<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00003CX47">Reindeer Games</a> (2000) .... Ben Affleck was Rudy<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0792165020">The Talented Mr. Ripley</a> (1999) .... Matt Damon was Tom Ripley<br />... aka The Mysterious Yearning Secretive Sad Lonely Troubled Confused Loving Musical Gifted Intelligent Beautiful Tender Sensitive Haunted Passionate Talented Mr. Ripley<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/6305278024">Jade</a> (1995) .... Linda Fiorentino was Trina Gavin<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00006L91I">The Last Seduction</a> (1994) .... Linda Fiorentino was Bridget Gregory<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0006BGWPA">Pauly Shore Is Dead</a> (2003) Jason Mewes (as Jay Mewes) was .... Jay the MC<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00077BOPG">Ted and Venus</a> (1991) .... Bud Cort was Ted Whitley<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00003CXMG">Almost Famous</a> (2000) .... Jason Lee was Jeff Bebe<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005JLPK">Frida</a> (2002) .... Salma Hayek was Frida Kahlo<br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0800141687">The Cable Guy (Full Screen)</a> (1996) .... Janeane Garofalo was the Medieval Times Waitress<br /><br />-----------------<br />Hospital P. A.: I repeat, this is not a drill. This is the apocalypse. Please exit the hospital in an orderly fashion. Thank you.<br />===============================
I love this movie and it only gets better when you get it in HD. This bluray is great. I highly recommend it.
A nice intended comedy, packed with a bunch of great actors, I've always been in love with Kevin Smith movies, but this one is so special, it was never released in my country, so I but the DVD a long time ago, now on Blu-Ray it looks gorgeous.<br /><br />This movie is for all the Alanis Morissette fans, and those who have lack of faith, even for catholics with a sense of humor (like myself).
First of all, I'm really sick and tired of all the religious people complaining about this movie. They say that it's &quot;trash&quot; and an insult to all Catholics. Get it through your heads: IT'S A MOVIE! It's supposed to be entertaining, and it is! It's probably one of the best movies I've ever seen. Jason Lee gives an absolutely incredible performance as Azrael, a demon. It's one of the best performances I've ever seen in any movie. So please, rent or buy this movie. It's totally worth every penny.
This being the forth Kevin Smith movie, I was highly entertained.  Kevin Smith's clever and witty writting mixxed with talented actors such as Matt Damon, Ben Affleck and Chris Rock make for many laughs.  If you have a problem with jokes that deal with religion then you may want stay clear of this one.  If you are a Kevin Smith fan then most likely you have seen this one, if not I recommend it all the way!
Any true Kevin Smith fan will recognize this as his funniest and best made film to date. The storyline is well thought out and flows at a hilarious pace. Affleck and Damon are great in their roles of Bartleby and Loki. The strong storyline for Jay and Silent Bob is perfect for this film. As long as you can view this film as just a story and not a slander of religous dogma,which was not it's intention, you will love it!
For Kevin Smith fans the bad news is that this is only his third best movie.  But the good news is that it is still darn good.<p>It's a satirical look at faith and Catholicism.  If you're a staunch Catholic you may be offended.  But it should be viewed as a journey in search of one's faith.  It may not be a straight road, it may not be the road you would take, but it gets you there just the same.  If you view the movie through those terms, you will enjoy and appreciate it.<p>Additionally it benefits from a great cast and a singular wit.
Dogma isn't all about to stupid angels. But it's about our society and our religion. Kevin Smith tried to show that even our faith, is prejudice. It's an awakening. One for the collection. Ah!  And this movie is really really  funny.
I will admit that I am a Catholic.  A devoted one.  But I must confess:  I thought &quot;Dogma&quot; was hilarious!  It goes against any beliefs Christians have, but you can't help but laugh!  The story gets a bit  confusing, but easy to follow:  two fallen angels decide to end the  world...Then an abortionist, who happens to be a relative of Christ, is  called upon (along with a fowl-mouthed prophet and his silent partner)to  stop them.  Along the way, they run into angels making their living as  strippers, a deadly monster made out of poo, and the two merciless fallen  angels who are executing any sinners they come upon.  Sounds interesting?  It gets better.  But, you'll have to rent the film to find out!
Even though I am an unabashedly huge Kevin Smith fan, I still believe this is a very good movie that almost all but the no-sense-of-humor-about-their-religion crowd can enjoy.  Although many saw  this as an attack on Christianity and the Catholic Church, I did not see  that at all.  Taken as it should be, as pure entertainment, this movie uses  the premises of the Bible to set a story about two fallen angels who  believe they have found a way to return to "home" (heaven), and does so  with humor and humanity.<p>For the first time, Smith is working with a  star-studded cast, and he does a good of making it pay off.  The big names  all provide memorable performances.  In particular, Matt Damon and Ben  Affleck show why they are one of the best movie teams since Newman and  Redford teamed in "The Sting" and "Butch Cassidy".  They work well  together, and their conversations as the fallen angels on a mission are  natural and believable.  Salma Hayek is beautiful as always, but also gives  a stellar performance.  Linda Fiorentino, Alan Rickman, Chris Rock, Dave  O'Barr and Jason Lee are all excellent.  But, again, it is Smith himself as  Silent Bob who steals the show.  Silent Bob is one of the funniest  characters the grace the screen in some time.  He does more without  speaking than any actor since Chaplin.<p>The story is convoluted and takes  time to play out, but the payoff is well worth the wait.  There are some  very funny moments throughout the film.  <p>As one prior reviewer noted,  some who come to this movie with high expectations are liable to be  disappointed.  But, I will take the chance that the quality of this movie  will triumph, even in the face of high expectations, and give it an  enthusiastic recommendation.  A must for all Smith fans collections, this  movie is very good.  Not quite a full five stars, but a very solid effort  that falls just short of classic status.
Okay, I'll have to admit, when I rented this movie I did it because of Fiorentino(I've loved her work in Men In Black) and thought, hey, maybe this'll be a good watch like Good Will Hunting.  I'd heard some people say  it was one of their favorite movies, but I just figured it was mostly  non-religious rebels in the family.  I'll admit also, I almost didn't get  it because of the religiousness(living in Salt Lake City as a non-mormon,  you kind of get an overdose of religion, whether you originally believed or  not).  So, after I popped in the movie, I was expecting a Chris Rock movie  spent bashing religion with unending one-liners.  Amazingly, it didn't turn  out that way.  As soon as the movie was finished, I was kind of in shock.  I began to see religion in a whole new light.  I could actually identify  with god.  She was no longer just an icon made to soothe the minds of  people that couldn't handle not having something to believe in, but  something that could be entertaining, funny, and... believable.  I really  can't believe that people would not go see this movie because it is  &quot;blasphemous&quot;.  I can see people not watching it because of the  f-bombs being dropped every ten seconds by the &quot;prophet&quot;, but  that is a small price to pay for such an amazing movie.
i have seen every movie that kevin has put out and they just get better. The all star cast was amazing through this whimzical ride through the last days of earth. Chris rock is funny as usual but the real stars that shine  ithis movie are JAY and SILENT BOB! Before you ever see them on the screen  you know that this movie was wrote to bring these two characters to the  forfront. The parts they had in the other movies were great but in this  movie they shine. I recomend this movie to anyone that likes to laugh and  feel like they can leave the movie and recommend it to anyone. I know i  have.
I have to disagree with the amazon.com reviewer's comment that &quot;Dogma&quot; was subpar.  I also part company with the reviewer who wrote that he couldn't imagine a fervent Catholic not being offended by the  picture (okay, maybe I'm not a fervent Catholic, but I enjoyed it).  <p>&quot;Dogma&quot; centers around the attempts of Loki and Bartlesby  (Matt Damon and Ben Affleck), two banished angels, who attempt to regain  entry into heaven by way of a loophole in church law.  Linda Fiorentino is  a dubious lapsed Catholic (who works in an abortion clinic, no less) who is  recruited by the angel of God (Alan Rickman in his funniest performance  ever) to stop them and thus save humankind.  In her travels from Illinois  to New Jersey, she is assisted by two two prophets (director Kevin Smith  and Jason Mewes), the 13th Apostle (Chris Rock) and a muse (Salma Hayek).  I did NOT think that Hayek stole the show here, contrary to the amazon.com  reviewer.  That distinction belongs to Mewes, who as a foul-mouthed stoner  of a prophet trying to cajole Fiorentino into sex kept me laughing myself  silly.  Additionally, I thought Alanis Morrisette was horribly miscast as  God with a silly smile plastered on her face, but these are minor  points.<p>Those who don't like or are offended by this movie probably don't  have much imagination or don't care to be inquisitive as to matters of  faith.  &quot;Dogma&quot; asks a number of &quot;what if&quot; questions  that seriously challenge conventional Catholic theology and in that measure  succeeds well as a motion picture.  For those who are uptight about the  message and satire of this movie, I say &quot;lighten up and enjoy!&quot;  This is comic genius at its best!
If there is any &quot;film&quot; I would recommend this year I would have to definatley recommend 'DOGMA'. I have been a long time fan of Kevin Smiths' work and this is one of his finest. (Kudos to him and everyone  accoiated with this fine piece of work.) 'DOGMA' is not a blasphest film,  it is a fanasty and a film on questioning faith itself. I still have no  idea how people could protest to this film. DOGMA opens up aspects to  religion and really makes a fanasty that revolves around faith, and if  people still see it and find it offensive (which I don't how) remember: It  is only a movie! After the controversey of DOGMA Kevin Smith stated: 'I  respect your ways; why can't you do the same for me?' I close on BUY THIS  FILM! (or rent it) and see for yourself at what a excellent film this is.  Snoogians.
Dogma, the latest in Kevin Smith's series of movies featuring Jay &amp; Silent Bob is in my opinion his best film! Dogma is a brilliant comedy and play on religion, complete with masterfully written dialogue which is Kevin  Smith's best trademark - except for Jay &amp; Silent Bob of course!
What a wonderful movie that takes a satirical look at the rules of catholisism.  The surprisingly successful low budget movie has a great cast and a very good plot.  One of the best things about it was the twists in  the plots, everytime you expect one result there is a new twist in the  story.  I absolutly loved the movie as did almost everyone I talked to.
Kevin Smith is, in My opinion, the new Millenniums answer to Orson Welles, "Clerks" will go down in history as his "Citizen Kane" as it was his First film, he Wrote, Directed and Acted in it, it was Controversial and he will Probably Never Top it.<p>"Dogma" is Kevin's most Ambitious film to date, and it ranges from Infinitely Clever to Irretrievably Crap, some scenes Fly by, some scenes Crawl, some Performances are Spot On, some are Cringe-worthy. We All know he is a Talented Writer, but his Directing skills are Far from Polished. No Tricky Camera work, no Imagination in the Shots, he just Points and Shoots. With all of his Previous films, he could just blame the Lack of Budget as the reason the Production wasn't Top Notch, but Here, he has no Excuses. An A-List Cast, a Good Budget and a Bucket Load of Potential... Kevin's Script and Directing are the Letdowns.<p>Now to the Performances... I'll Start with the Great ones. <p>Ben Affleck and Matt Damon may play Fallen Angels in the film, but for Kevin Smith, they are a God Send. They make his Dialogue sound Great and when they are on the Screen, the Film is at it's Best. Jason Lee is a Close Second, (Ben and Matt tied for First) as he and Ben have worked with Kevin a couple of times before, ("Chasing Amy" and "Mall Rats") they know how to deliver his dialogue. They are to Kevin what Laurence Olivier is to Shakespeare. Alan Rickman comes off Next Best, every time he was on screen; I had an Ear-to-Ear smile. Jay and Silent Bob are as Good as Ever, their Comedic Styles are as Fresh as Ever and they don't look like they'll be getting Dull any time soon.<p>The Same cannot be said for Linda Fiorentino, Salma Heyek or Chris Rock. They have been given Large Quantities of Dialogue which could Easily have been given the Chop, it Embarasses them and Bores the Audience. Every time they open their mouths, Biblical Speeches follow and It slows the film to a Crawl. Especially Chris Rock, he does his best with the films Worst Lines, not even Eddie Murphy could have saved This Character.<p>Overall, it is Worth Seeing. Opinions of "Dogma" Vary like you Wouldn't Believe. To some It the Best Movie Ever, to others, it's the Worst. You just may be One of the Many who Adore it.
What an achievement, for Mr. Smith to recruit a dozen or so top celebrities to recite bits and pieces of his personal religious beliefs to a captive audience.  Truly unbelievable.  My guess is that most religious and non-religious viewers will find something to their distaste in this film (the appearance of the "fecal Golgothan" was particularly unpleasant to sit through).  In addition to the unconvincing and gruesome special effects (Ben Affleck's head gets blown off!), Mr. Smith's eclectic philosophy is not terribly original, taking bits of Catholic mythology and peppering them with obscure Fundamentalist rants (i.e., the Virgin Mary has other children by Joseph, the "morning star" of Isaiah is a reference to Satan).  Meanwhile, the bloodier side of Christianity is laid bare as we hear that Damon and Affleck's characters have been on earth "since the time of the plagues", and watch these two angels "smite" a boardroom full of entertainment execs who operate a company named after the "golden calf".<p>Go out and watch "Clerks" and forget about this nonsense from an amateur theologian.  Smith is a better authority on "snowballing" than on transubstantiation.  Stick with what you know....
The fourth movie by writer/actor/director Kevin Smith, 1999's &quot;Dogma&quot;, is a hilarious look into the ideology behind organized religion, specifically Catholicism. With a great cast and laugh-out-loud humor, you can not go wrong with this movie.<p>The storyline of the movie is pretty interesting: Two angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) are trying to re-enter Heaven through the usage of a loop hole in Catholic Dogma. Their re-entrance would mean the end of existance. The movie brings in and questions many of the beliefs behind religion, such as the gender of God (played by Alanis Morissette), the ethnicity of Jesus (as told by Chris Rock's character, Rufus, the 13th apostle), descendants of Christ (Linda Fiorentino), and the infallibility of God (as told by the Voice Of God, played by Alan Rickman).<p>The best part of this movie, as well as the other Kevin Smith movies, is the involvement of Jay And Silent Bob (played by Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith, respectively). Jay's vulgar mouth and passion for getting high combined with the mystery of Silent Bob just makes the movie all the more funnier and entertaining. <p>This movie is a comedy delight for those who love this kind of humor (pot jokes, swearing, and all around stupidity). If you like this movie, you should also check out the Kevin Smith movie &quot;Mallrats&quot;.
First he made a no-budget black and white comedy set in a store. Clerks. It was funny, clever and hugely enjoyable. Then he made the under-rated Mallrats. An enjoyable, yet idiotic, romp through a Mall. Then he tried  something more serious with the twisted love triangle and came out with  Chasing Amy, a film with some great moments, but never a truly satisfiying  whole. And now Dogma!  Which, let's face it, it a steamy pile of  pretentious Dogdo! OK, so, there's a couple of funny lines. Wow! And Silent  Bob and Jay are in it. Um, Wow!  And, um.... it's just garbage. A great  big sweaty pile of pretentious garbage. I'm so not looking forward to his  next film if this is that pattern of his career.
I've never had such a struggle about awarding stars as I've had about this movie.  Just to throw my cards on the table here, my dad was a Lutheran preacher and I've had my own personal, er, Issues with The Whole God Question.  In the end I had to give it 4 stars because what Kevin Smith has  had a notably worthy crack at doing is to try and reinvent the idea of  faith for a generation of people who generally wouldn't be inclined to go  for it.  And any film that thanks Howard Stern, John Milton and Martin  Scorsese in the final credits has to have _something_ going on.<p>My  personal take on this movie is that, somewhere between screenplay and final  cut, it got semi-seriously mutilated.  Smith's published screenplay is more  or less what you see on screen, but there are episodes - such as Jay and  Silent Bob's muse-inspired outburst in a bar (all I'll say is that Silent  Bob raps) - that are cut from the film, leaving gaping holes in the plot.  That was the point where I began to wonder whether the film was falling to  bits.<p>But in the end it's an amazing, sui generis mixture of cheesy  jokes and theological adventure.  I wish that somebody had had the courage  to make the film that Smith originally wrote, because it could have been  one of the bizarrest classics Hollywood has ever seen.  As it is, it's a  cheap-but-brilliant movie which overcomes narrative incoherence and a  crippled FX budget to be a genuinely imaginative story about the virtue of  faith as against the human distortions of organised religion.<p>Linda  Fiorentino is great as the permanently harrassed  great-great-several-more-levels-of-great-niece of Jesus, who finds herself  on a quest to prevent the unmaking of existence; she has this air  throughout much of the movie of not quite believing what she's got herself  into, which is thoroughly appropriate.  Alan Rickman is splendidly louche  and drawly as Metatron, the voice of God; Jason Mewes as Jay is even more  hilariously annoying than usual, and Smith himself is proving with each of  his films to be a great silent comedian as the ridiculously taciturn Silent  Bob.  <p>The rest of the cast are on flying form.  It was inspired casting  to have golden boys Matt Damon and Ben Affleck as a pair of vengeful  slacker-ish angels; Affleck in particular, with the benefit of some  severely aristocratic cheekbones, works up an impressively lordly contempt  for human frailty.  Jason Lee is also excellently sleazy as the  white-suited demon Azrael.  There are crackling cameos by Guinevere Turner  (as a sarky bus station attendant) and Janeane Garofalo (as Fiorentino's  co-worker in the abortion clinic), and Alanis Morrissette as YHWH is,  frankly, perfect, in the same way that Sinead O'Connor was ideal casting as  the Virgin in Neil Jordan's &quot;The Butcher Boy&quot;.<p>There's no doubt  that Kevin Smith is a brilliant and intelligent storyteller; I've loved his  previous films and I gobble up his comics.  His talent as a director is  maybe no more than adequate to the stories he wants to tell, but at least  it's adequate.  He probably ought to be writing epic poems, but then nobody  would read them.  This is a weirdly moving and provocative film; all the  fart gags and insistently low tone are of a piece with the central idea  that nothing of God's creation deserves to be denied.  In that sense, it's  one of the few genuinely faith-ful movies since Pasolini's &quot;Il Vangelo  Secondo Matteo&quot;.  The church should be handing out copies after mass,  not protesting against it.  The only people in the film who are presented  in a  relentlessly negative way are anti-choice protestors, and whether or  not you approve of that is between you and your conscience.  I know where I  stand.
That was the review in a local paper, and after seeing the movie I wholeheartedly agree. It is funny, brilliant at times, yet so full of overwhelmingly grade-B filmmaking that it should have made the movie  unwatchable. To watch this movie and enjoy it, you will need not only a  sense of humor about religion, but also a complete willingness to laugh at  the movie itself... it cries out for it. Armed with both these things, it  may be impossible not to like this movie.
As it says in "My Sunday Dogma Missal" which accompanies this DVD, "I'm banking on the fact that God has a great sense of humor." Cited as evidence is the platypus.<br /><br />This is an extraordinary, even a supernaturally funny movie. Ben Affleck and Matt Damon are two fallen angels, Bartleby and Loki, who have discovered a loophole in God's law that will allow them to get back into heaven. However, the Voice of God (Alan Rickman; you know, Snape?) says if they make it, all existence will end. Something about God having been proved wrong, or something. Such a contradiction would bring down the whole works.<br /><br />So the Voice of God appears to the Last Scion (I'll let him explain that) and convinces her she's got to go to New Jersey and stop Bartleby and Loki from getting a plenary indulgence by entering a newly rededicated church run by the trendy new age bishop played by George Carlin. Along the way, she meets more crazy divine characters than you or I could imagine. But Kevin Smith, who wrote and directed the film, has way more imagination than you and I put together. It's good he does, too, because he's mixed together some of the most incredible twists and turns on a plot that, amazingly, makes a certain amount of sense.<br /><br />It is to laugh, of course, but it is also really about God and religion. And so you might find yourself believing this alternate reality is more rational than the one we are currently living in.<br /><br />Five stars. Really. Earned every one.
This is one of those great, little known movies. There are loads of big name actors, and the whole thing really does make you think at the end. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone over the age of 13, so they're old enough to appreciate it.<br />Good quality purchase, brand new condition.
I think you'd have to have spent your high school years at a Catholic school like I did to truly appreciate it.
Downsides: Kind of noticeably low budget, and affleck &amp; damon are particularly bad in this movie.<p>Upsides: (1) The plot, as it's presented, isn't totally horrible (yes, that sounds slightly bad, because it kind of is in an absolute sense, but relative to affleck &amp; damon's acting it's actually an upside for this movie), and (2) bethany, jay, silent bob, &amp; the 13th apostle actually are pretty darn good.
Just like Mallrats, the cover kicks ass!!! The special features in this dvd isn't too shaby either. Theres not really much of a featurette, but it includes over an hour of deleted scenes. This movie makes you think. The best scenes are between Ben Affleck and Matt Damon. I can't believe I mentioned Ben Affleck and a "good scene" together in the same sentance. The only films he's ever good in are Kevin Smith movies. Jay and Silent Bob are funny in this too. The weird thing about this movie is knowing what to classify it under. Comedy? Drama? Action? You need to see this movie!!!!!and buy it.....
The title of this review says it all, and I stand by it and believe it. Of the New Jersey Legacy, I have to say that this is certainly the best film of them all. It has a lesson, humor, biblical allusion, and creativity.<p>The characters that interact all have the most subtle nuances, which isn't expected from a Kevin Smith film, but it really works. The religious humor is exponentially more funny to me because I know a huge amount of theology and much about Church History. Highly recommended.
This was definately one of the best movies I've ever seen; I've watched it about a million times.  I still laugh untill it hurts every time- a great buy in my eyes.  Although, if you don't like vulgur humor, it may not be right for you.
Dogma caused such a controversy, especially among a small but vocal group called the Catholic League, that the normally liberal distributor, Miramax Films, sold the right to a small company called Lions Gate. Weeks before the movie opened, the League sent out numerous letters and E-mails that asked people to boycott the film. If there is a lesson to be learned in all this, it is a reminder that we shouldn't judge things sight unseen. Dogma certainly pokes much fun at the Catholic church as an institution, but ultimately it is one of the more spiritual movies of the last decade. It's main fault is its tendency to delve into theological questions that many non-Catholics will not understand. It is much less insidious that the recent End of Days, which had homicidal Catholic priests running around preaching mumbo-jumbo. <p>It seems that a few thousand years ago, a couple of angels named Bartleby and Loki [Ben Affleck and Matt Damon] got tossed out of Heaven for refusing to do their jobs. They were banished to Wisconsin, where they still reside toady. In New Jersey, a hip archbishop is trying to make the church less stodgy and more appealing. The banished angels discover that when the archbishop rededicates a cathedral there, a portal will open which will allow them to go back to Heaven. All will be forgiven. There is a little problem with their doing this. When they go through the portal, it will prove that God can be wrong and is, therefore, fallible. Since everything is predicated on the Almighty's being always right, their reentry will cause the universe to cease to exist. Bartleby and Loki are willing to risk this. Anything to get out of the Midwest, I presume.<p>Things are about to change dramatically for Bethany Sloane [Linda Fiorentino], a reasonably well adjusted young woman who works at an abortion clinic. She's definately a lapsed Catholic. One night a fiery angel called Metatron [Alan Rickman] appears at the foot of her bed. She tries to put him out with a fire extinguisher, only to find it's really hard to get rid of a persistent immortal. He wisks her off in her night clothes to a Mexican restaurant, where he informs her that she is The Chosen One, the one charged with preventing Bartleby and Loki's passing through the portal. He tells her she will be aided by two prophets, who soon appear as two spaced out drifters. These guys may be carrying a message, but they certainly don't know it. Soon the trio, aided by Rufus, who claims he was the thirteenth apostle, are hurrying towards their date with destiny. Along the way, they are threatened by Loki and Bartleby, as well as Azarael [Jason lee], an avenging angel with an attitude. <p>Frankly, any attempt to explain the plot makes the whole thing seem somewhat sacrilegious. The movie isn't that at all. Dogma can be defined as a doctrine concerning faith or morals authoritatively proclaimed by a church, and the picture is much more faithful to the dogma of the Catholic church than almost any film I have seen. I can only imagine that what caused such a stir about the movie is that it is a comedy. And a very funny one, at that. I still contend that, if the Church is ever actually damaged by movies, the harm is done by 'serious' psycho-babble dramas like The Omen and The Exorcist. That's because such fare, while highly entertaining, tends to portray Catholics as superstitious and as very vulnerable to any whim Satan may have. Satan isn't even around in Dogma, a movie which, if it does anything at all, promotes spirituality, albeit with a smirk, a grin and a multitude of profanities.
I love Mr. Smith's directing and writing. He's just freakin' awesome. So I hold him to very high standards. I know a lot of people talked trash about this movie, but it really wasn't bad. What it was, was corrupted by Kevin Smith's celebrity friends and their cameos. One of the things about Kevin Smith's earlier movies was the actors involved didn't detract from the movie. Even Amy with a then-unknown Ben Affleck. In this case, however, it's hard to let the story shine with people like Matt Damon involved. And don't get me wrong- I love Matt Damon.
Is &quot;haha&quot; one word or two? Either way. That's how I sum it up: Haha. -A very funny movie. You gotta look past the &quot;fairy tale&quot; side of some of it though. And you also gotta realize they're not making fun of God, or religion. <p>Ben Afleck, and Matt Damon, give a great peformance. They always make a good team. And Jay and Silent Bob are pretty cool too. I highly recommend seeing this one. With an open mind of course.
Here's the story of two fallen angels who have a plan to get back into Heaven, and the last descendent of Jesus Christ is chosen to stop them.<p>I think that this movie is subtly brilliant. I might get slapped for saying this, but there are many profound things said in this movie that make the silly plot worth it. It is a very entertaining movie. But more than that, the script itself is very, very good. It is no way insulting to the Church, rather, it just challenges how we see things. It provides different ideas of how things could have been like for Jesus, and I think that it confronts a lot of hypocrisy that has given Christianity a bad rep.
This is a very interesting and different movie, the emphasis in "different".  If you take offense at "religious jokes", then you should not see it.  For those of you that are a bit more opened minded this is a movie that will make you think about some points of the modern religious "dogmas" and some of the known mythologies.
This is one of those movies that will lose a lot of it's humour if you take things to seriously.  This will be obvious as soon as you read the &quot;disclaimer&quot; at the beginning.  If you have any grasp on religion (Catholisism in particular) this movie is a laugh riot from beginning to end, but as i stated before, people who take things too seriously might be outraged by statements such as &quot;Jesus was a black man&quot; or &quot;God is a woman&quot; or the existance of a black &quot;13th apostle&quot; named Rufus.  If you can agree with, deal with, accept, and/or see the humour in these statements you will understand the true comedy of this film.  If you are very religious and easily offended, this movie will probably not appeal to you.
With Dogma Kevin Smith shows an excellent blend of comedy, controversy, and profound thought on the concept of religion. Many people will tend to latch onto one of those three things upon first watching this movie, but I think the most enjoyment comes from watching how those things play off of each other to drive this movie.
A lyrical and exciting story of faith, beautifully acted. Especially notable here is Linda Fiorentino as a Catholic who may have lost her way, Alan Rickman as a very annoyed Metatron, and Ben Affleck as a fallen angel who has had enough of being trapped in Wisconsin. The real breakout, though, is Jason Mewes, whose final monologue about "what the ... is going on?" is a masterpiece of lyrical frustration. Great DVD, with many extras (Ben Affleck on the normal commentary track is a real treat, as he and Kevin Smith banter back and forth). Look out especially for the church lady, who pops up during the menus and berates you for buying such a godless piece of .... Very cute. All in all, a thoughtful look at religion and reality - oh, and it's pretty damn funny to boot.
I think this movie was one of the best that I have ever seen.  Kevin Smith is a genius in all of his movies, but I thought he did an excellent job in terms of the way he presents ideas on matters of faith and beliefs.  I am a catholic and some of the questions/doubts/etc expressed by the character of Bethany mirrored some of my own.  I thought Linda Fiorentino did an amazing job portraying the character of Bethany.  What a cast in this movie: Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Chris Rock (as the 13th Apostle - loved that!), Jason Lee, Alan Rickman - the list could go on and on.  (Can't forgot about our favorite 'prophets' - Jay and Silent Bob!)  Great movie - I highly recommend it!
Writer/director Kevin Smith's all star,religious socal commentary is a HOOT to watch, and draws on religion points. Its funny and full of satire. Smith and his cast pokes their collective fingers in your religious eyes and makes you laugh<br /><br />If you listen to the audio commenraries, this film was made on a shoestring-with the shortness of the budget, the  casting problems, location problems and the scheduling around things(Oscars, Revlon shoots, other movies)-The film might not have been made<br /><br />Smith pokes fun at religion without bad mouthing it. His premous is simple. The great great grand daughter (last known descendant) of Jesus, two unlikely prophets (Jay & Silent Bob), and the 13th Apostle  Rufus are  sent on a mission to save humanity  by stopping two wayward angels from entering a newly openned portal to heaven. Okay, Complex simple!<br /><br />The cast of this film is first rate... Ben Affleck and Matt Damon as the two wayward angels, Linda Fiorentino as the last known descendant of Jesus, Jason Mews  and Smith as Jay and Silent Bob, Chris Rock as Rufus, Alan (Die Hard, Harry Potter) Rickman as Metatron, Jason (My Name is Earl)Lee as Azreal, Salma Hayek as the Muse, George Carlin as Cardinal Glick and Alanis Morissette as GOD<br /><br />This special edition DVD includes many deleted scenes about 100 minutes worth, almost as long as  the film itself, outtakes, Cast film biographies like trading cards and the trailer to the film.<br /><br />So is this worth it? YUP and AMEN<br /><br />Bennet Pomerantz, AUDIOWORLD
Kevin Smith has already established himself as a comedic genius, but he brings it to new heights with Dogma. While it may not have the apathy-charged wit of "Clerks," the honesty and originality of "Chasing Amy," or the silliness of "Mallrats" and "Jay and Silent Bob Strikes Back," it balances out all 3 of these elements perfectly. From the opening disclaimers to the closing credits, Dogma is a wildly satirical, irreverent, uproarious, and thought-provoking film.<p>The heavenly cast is led by Linda Fiorentino as Bethany Sloan, the cynical ex-Catholic. Overall, she could have done a bit better, but her casting is perfect and her performance was better than average. Next come Ben Affleck and Matt Damon, who play the rejected angels Bartleby and Loki. Their constant bickering provides plenty of laughs, as well as some effectively serious moments. Smith regular Jason Lee is terrific as always, this time as the comically evil Azrael. Alan Rickman scores strongly as the delightfully sarcastic Medatron. Salma Hayek steals many of her scenes as the quirky muse. Chris Rock gives an attractive and thoughtful performance as the 13th apostle Rufus. And yes, Smith and Jason Mewes are back as those two lovable stoners Jay and Silent Bob, annoying yet ultimately endearing as always.<p>The plot revolves around the attempt of Bartleby and Loki to get back into heaven through a loophole created by the Catholic church. They must be stopped, or else they will prove that God is fallible, thus destroying existence.<p>BUY THIS MOVIE!!!!
This is a great movie for those who can take a joke at "God's" expense
I am a big fan of Kevin Smith films,and dogma is no exception.I loved Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith's roles as two stoner prophets.I especially loved Alan Rickman's role as the Metatron,or the voice of God.Dogma is about a woman who is told she has to stop two arch angels from entering a church in New Jersey so they can re-enter Heaven.Sided by the 13th apostle,Rufus,played by Chris Rock,and the two prophets,they encoun ter hillariousness at every corner.Dogma should be funny to people of every religion.
...and why most of it sits on a cutting room floor.<p>On the Special Edition DVD, there is a scene where Bethany, who works in a Planned Parenthood clinic, discusses her past with a young woman who is prepared for her third abortion.  This is a scene where the most skilled and political writer tempts violent retribution from the masses on either side of the abortion issue.  Bethany, played by Linda Fiorentino, describes in visual imagery most suited for a novel, her own back story or reason for being in her particular line of work.  In this 3 minute speech, you see the power of Kevin Smith as a writer.  It may not be best suited for the big screen where we now expect million dollar variations of explosions and intercourse every Memorial Day weekend, but it is a bit of Hollywood driftwood preserved for us backwater types who don't get to screen View Askew movies at parties or film festivals before they are cut to commercial specs.  <p>Had this scene taken the Dragnet &quot;I've been down that road and you just don't know&quot; approach it wouldn't have worked.  Had it been forced and ditatched, it would have been artificial...but this one scene, a minor part of the 2-disk set, proves that Smith is destined for greatness, perhaps he is the one of our generation who can turn his skill to the printed page to create that mythological Great American Novel that has baffled and eluded the Gen X ilk of the early 90s.  <p>As Smith and Co. restate in their introduction of each deleted scene, most of what was cut from the philosophical/religious treatise &quot;Dogma&quot; was because it added too much info to already established scenes.  This is true and reminds me that Smith could be a great novelist should the urge strike. He has a gift for narrative and could write a vivid first-person novel without fear of being pretentious.<p>If you hated Dogma, or have a religious bias against it, these words won't mean anything anyway.  But &quot;Dogma&quot; is more about faith and love of God than most so-called &quot;christian&quot; movies out there.  Its about Ideas and faith and renewing our relationship with God than about obeying and swearing our oath to the ancient, faceless patriarch.  This is the only DVD version of the film you should own and only because it does justice both to the film and to the reasons behinds its production.<p>Nice work, Kevin and Scott.  Keep it coming.  You're both ready for much more.
Again, Kevin Smith proves to the world why he is one of the best young directors of today.  This wonderfully crafted film has a very &quot;real&quot; feel to it.  Not all spritzed up and mannequin looking,  like most blockbusters.  And the level of satire going on in this film is  unbelievable.  I truly delighted in watching it, and saw it three times in  the theater.  Not for people who don't know how to take a joke, but even  the most rudimentary sense of humor should be able to find some enjoyment  out of this one!
loved the DVD version of Dogma. The Blu-ray version is even better. The images are so much clearer and sharper.
Here we have it, a truly existential view on Catholicism. The world is confusing, threatening, and destined to destroy itself, and yet... Jay and Silent Bob? Kevin Smith lovely crafts this goofball, gross out, 100% 90s style comedy with enough dramatic weight, one may actually find themselves spiritually moved... it's obscene, crude, vulgar, blatantly repugnant in nearly every possible way, though I digress. This is one of Smith's best films both due to exceptional and passionate writing, acting, and dare I say it? Film-making.
Dogma is not a bad movie, but it's not a good one.  It began with some sharp satire, got preachy in the middle (all the arrogant religions only see a little bit of the truth but the humble and wise Kevin Smith sees the whole picture - the standard elephant and the blind men fallacy) and ended like most of Smith's efforts...unevenly.  If Kevin Smith was a chess player he would have one of the world's best opening games, a slightly below average middle game and a horrid end game.  Oh, and if you are going to make a religious satire, please don't include 3 extended diatribes expounding `correct' pluralistic religious perspective.  Satire should preach subversively not didactically.
I loved this movie.  But instead of another glowing review, here are a couple neat hidden goodies on this Special Edition DVD.  Enjoy!<p>Disc 1: <p>Select Scene Selections.<p>Hit More until you're at the last page.<p>Hit the number '3' twice on your remote control.  Sit back and watch 'How Jay Thinks Kevin Directs' as acted out by the Jay and Silent Bob action figure theatre. <p>Disc 2:<p>Select Deleted Scenes. Hit More until you're at the the last page. <p>Hit the number 2 and then 4 on your remore control. See 'How Kevin thinks Jay acts' as acted out by the Jay and Silent Bob action figure theatre. <p>NOTE: You may have to hit 'ENTER' after each number on some DVD players. ...
ok- I'm charismatic Christian, attend the local Assembly of God, been pretty deep into the Faith for 27 years- and I think DOGMA is among the best three theological films of the past decade- the others being LAST TEMPTATION OF CHRIST and THE RAPTURE (directed by Michael Tolkin, starring Mimi Rogers).  Yep-it's vulgar & tasteless but it's also theologically orthodox & Biblical in it's teachings on Jesus as God-man & Savior. And it had me wincing, howling with laughter & weeping like the tubby ... I am (to cite Jay). Make sure to listen to the Alanis song during the final credits.
The DVD is packed with excellent features.  The film isn't.  The Catholic church is a very easy target for ridicule and this film always makes the easy jokes.  At its best Dogma can be really quite funny but at its worst it is simply amateurish, unfortunately there is very little of the best.
Kevin Smith has a wonderful and twisted brain. He uses his amazing ability to turn things on their head making you think about them as view them from the skewed angle. Dogma pushes the buttons of organized religion while giving the agnostics something to contemplate. This is a trip worth repeating.
The movie is done well, with it's brilliant screenwriter. It's the most comercial of his movies, so far. Even though it has it's wonderful parts (SB&amp;J are brilliant funny actors, Ben Affleck &amp; Matt Dillion are in it as well, but I think they just had them in it to make it more successful), it did better than it deserved. All his other movies, like CLERKS, were completely brilliant. But that is a far cry from this one. I mean I enjoyed it some but I didn't respect it. Come on the villians were angels and hockey players. BUt I still liked it. And it was pretty cool that GOD was a woman, Alanis Morsette. The  movie starts out great and then just gets stupid. WARNING: it's a joke movie, have fun and don't take it seriously. It's probabaly recommended for non-christians and people who like Chasing Amy &amp; Clerks (if you haven't seen those, see 'em.)
Considering this movie got made for $10 million bucks, it's better than it should be.  That's meant to be a compliment, by the way.  The DVD is pretty good (considering censoring on the commentaries and the missing documentary from...um, well let's just call them Di$ney), and includes an hour and a half of deleted stuff (a lot of continuity issues are addressed here, and a few scenes would have been nice to see in the film's release), plus there are some insanely funny outtakes (Matt Damon's theories on &quot;Star Wars&quot; seal the deal for me).  Add to that some rather funny menus (feel guilty for buying this DVD with the opinions of a elderly &quot;church-goer&quot;) and some funny commentaries from the cast and crew, and you got a &quot;must-buy&quot; for fans of the film.
I thought this dvd had some really interesting extras but i found one fatal glitch.  It may just be in my player but if you try to select a subtitle in the directors comentary with video hijinks it locks up my player completely cannot turn it off or stop it nothing!  Have to unplug the player to get it to reset.  Never scene anything like it before in my life.  You will spend hours watching all the extras in this special edition.
Dogma is a great example of how Kevin Smith can keep the New Jersey series going while not focusing on &quot;a day in the life&quot; stories.  In my view, Dogma is a good comedy with good acting.  Smith brings the bible to life (sort of) and makes it funny!  Affleck &amp; Damon put on a good show.  The movies content itself involves some bible characters and bible mythology.  For people that are looking for &quot;Clerks&quot; &quot;Mallrats&quot; and &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; type stories, you won't find that here.  But if you give Smith a chance, this movie will win you over.  And besides, it has Jay and Silent Bob in it, what else do you need?!
People say they aren't offended by it's religion bashing views, just by the narrow scope at which Kevin Smith views religion...  SAME THING!  This is a hilarious movie, and it deserves every ounce of praise it gets.  Kudos to KS!
I can honestly say that Kevin Smith is one of my top few favorite directors. I love all of his films. Clerks was a very smart comedy. Mallrats was a dumb comedy(that's why that's my favorite one.). Chasing Amy was a very charming comedy. Next on that list comes Dogma.<p>Dogma is a story of two fallen angels, a faithless woman, the voice of God, two prophets, a 13th apostle, a muse, an angry demon and Alanis Morrisette(Once you'll see it, you'll know what I mean). All these characters blend together in a hilarious comedy that makes you think about Catholicism in a different way.<p>On to Brandon's DVD scale. (1 the lowest, 5 the highest)<p>Movie: 5. It's not Mallrats, but it's close.<p>Picture and Sound: 5. No complaints here.<p>Special Features: 3. Languages and Subtitles and a trailer. Nothing that great. I guess I'll have to wait for the Special Edition.<p>All in all. 9/10. Highly recommended.<p>P.S: Jay and Silent Bob rule!
Dogma probably works on a higher level than any of Smith's films, and that's good. He had the whole vulgarity thing down pat with the brilliant Mallrats, but then, file this in &quot;oh how the might have fallen&quot; dept, he came out with Chasing Amy. Then this came out. It's great really. I don't see what all the hoopla was about. If you were to actually watch the film, you would see that it does not attack the church, but in effect actually educates us. Kevin Smith is a practicing Catholic, so I wouldn't see why he's bash his own religion. He just makes statements and opinions that we aren't used to. Within minutes, I was back in full KS mood as soon as we got to the first long monologue scene-with George Carlin introduing the Buddy Christ. Might offend few, but really I was like, &quot;yknow, I never though about that way.&quot; Those that are offended by killing angels should note that angels who turn away from God are demons! Now, does a shooting demon sound any worse? Stop slapping labels on these kinda things people. The film is very hilarious and action filled-if I were to make a film, it'd be something like this-smart, with action, but not overly contrived or unoriginal. There's so many memorable lines and scenes (in usual Bob glory, Bob uses mouth spray to kill a .... demon) that by the time the credits roll, you feel like you've been on a ride. Those who found the ending battle hokey, I say, &quot;ha! let me guess-you liked Gladiator?&quot; Dogma is a masterpiece.
<p>This movie is like a who's who of Hollywood.  Salma Hayek...Chris Rock...Matt Damon...Ben Affleck...Alanis Morrisette?!? <p>This is the story of two fallen angels (Damon and Affleck) who find a loophole to get into heaven.  But there is one catch.  Doing so will undo existence as we know it.  The last scion is dispatched to save existence and does, with a little help from the 13th apostle (Rock), a muse (Hayek) and 2 unlikely prophets (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith). <p>There is not much I can say that hasn't already been said.  Other than a rather bloody ending, this movie is hysterical.  George Carlin is hilarious as Cardinal Glick and Alanis Morrisette as...well you have to see it to find out!
First of all, I have to say that this movie had me busting a gut!  It was so funny. I know that a lot of people won't find the comedic material humorous, considering the fact that it's about religion. Some Catholics I  know saw this movie and didn't think it was funny at all, and I really  can't say that I blame them. You just cannot take this film too seriously.  In no way do they mean to poke fun at the church, they just say the things  that everyone has in their minds and don't ever say outloud. I applaud  Kevin Smith's courage in making DOGMA. It was a real long shot, but I think  it turned out great. Jay and Silent Bob are just a thing of comedic genius,  easily the most enjoyable thing about the movie. Go see it.
Two fallen angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) are homesick for heaven and receive a mysterious mailing: a newspaper clipping about a RC church in New Jersey celebrating it's hundredth anniversary by offering a plenary  indulgence to all who walk through its portals. The angels strike upon the  idea: why not transubstantiate to human form, go through the portal, die  and go home. One problem with this is that heaven is wary about just such a  possibility and a call is send out (via the Archangel Metatron [yes,  Virginia there is an archangel Metatron, he's just obscure] (Alan Rickman))  to the hero who is expected to save the day, one Bethany Sloan (Linda  Fiorentino) a RC who works in an abortion clinic. She also has a secret  identity that is so secret she has to be told of it. Anyway the fallen  angels start from Milwaukee and Bethany and the two prophets (did I mention  them?) start from somewhere in Illinois and head for their confrontation  New Jersey. On the road they meet Rufus (Chris Rock) the thirteenth Apostle  who didn't get written up in the Gospels because he was Black. Jesus was  Black too, but since he was the Son of God, they put a spin on his  ethnicity. They also meet Serendipity (Salma Heyek), a muse (she's no  Sharon Stone). And to complete the cast, the part of God is divided between  Bud Cort (of Harold and Maude) and Alanis Morrisette (she's better looking  than you thought). This movie is a theological romp on the level of  Bedazzled or Time Bandits combined with the story of the Wizard of Oz. Only  it's relation to Catholicism keeps it from having that charmingly vacuous  straw brained quality for which Baum is so famous.
Why is it that directors of indie films &amp; the bizzarre often make box office flops when given a big budget &amp; star power? Is it the audience that only expects greatness from b&amp;w films, or movies shot w/a handheld  camera &amp; almost no budget? Maybe, because it happened w/david Lynch  (Dune),Tim Burton (Mars Attacks), and now Kevin Smith. The fact of the  matter is that these are all good films, they just seem to lack the  &quot;edge&quot; attributed to their directors.Dogma is no exception.<p>The  idea is very clever. 2 fallen angels attempt to regain entry into Heaven,  which will mean the destruction of mankind if they do so, as it will prove  God fallible. Neat. The angels are Damon &amp; Affleck who are good, but  really unneeded stars as leads. Linda Fiorentino, who hasn't lost her touch  since Last Seduction, but just chose some bad scripts, is on top of her  game here as a faith stricken Catholic. She is joined by Jay &amp; Silent  Bob (unusually nonabrasive in this role), as well as the Muse Salma Hayek,  to stop them.<p>What I feel results is a fun, clever, well crafted film  that was either overlooked or played down because of religious factions  that opposed the movie. The only problems that I found, really, were the  few mistakes made in regards to Catholisism; one being that a priest,  bishop, or cardinal cannot sanction a &quot;door&quot; which will forgive  all siners simply by passing thru it, which is what the 2 angels call their  &quot;loophole&quot; for getting back into Heaven. Only the Pope is  infallible in the Catholic religion, &amp; I don't remember the film  mentioning him sanctioning this &quot;door.&quot; Another faux paus was  that chris Rock couldn't be the 13th apostle, as there was a 13th apostle  in scripture. He was Mathias, who replaced Judas after his suicide. Rock  would be the 14th apostle. Other than that, the swearing got old real fast,  but those are about my only complaints w/the movie.<p>I found that,  intentionally or unintentionally,View Askew Productions created a faith  affirming movie. Who wouldn't want God to be loving, beautiful (whether  male or female), unspeaking, as we couldn't understand the sublime nature  of an all powerful being anyway, and w/a sense of humor and wonder in all  His creations, as evidenced by God's romp and tumblesets through the  fresh,green grass.Just perfect! I know that this is the type of God I would  want. A cute (bet that's the first time that word was used to describe  Dogma)film.
When it was done, I was just taken aback, and I could just blankly stare at the screen and proclaim, &quot;That was a really, really, really, really good movie.&quot; I don't recall the last time a movie actually affected me  such. Usually, I can just nonchalantly say, &quot;Yeah, that was a really  good movie,&quot; but *Dogma* was just something amazing.<p>The movie is  hilarious. You will audibly laugh many times. It's a great, witty,  intelligent satire of Catholicism, the Catholic church, and the Bible, and  NO, those aren't all the same thing. It skillfully tackles issues of faith  and belief systems. It's irreverent yet reverent. It's not only  entertaining, but it even has that character development stuff critics  always like. And the actors are perfect for their parts, and play them  well. Plus, the font is cool. You will not walk away from this movie  thinking the same way about things that you thought about them before. It  earns my highly coveted Gold Star Seal of Approval. See it now. Or see it  again. Just see it.
Ironic that this movie is condemned by the Catholic League since everything in it is extremely Catholic. Almost every seminary student should watch this thing. Pretty much the story about bitter angels trying  to get into Heaven follows the same theological conundrum posed by the  Prophecy (ie, G-d's messengers really hate the human race) but it is  extremely silly for the most part.<p>Cute scenes in the movie include the  blessed golf clubs, the whole &quot;angels can't have sex&quot; scenes,  Alanis Morrisette as G-d, and the poop monster.<p>Strengths include Chris  Rock, Alan Rickman as well as Matt Damon and Ben Affleck as the angels. Jay  &amp; Silent Bob are funny but most of their jokes were in the comic books  already (including going to the town where all the John Hughes movies took  place to pick up Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy). George Carlin is  hilarious but that's mostly because he's George Carlin.<p>Irritating parts  of the movie included the hockey playing demons, the demon character and  Linda Fiorentino's character (Smith still can't write female characters  very well, but at least he's trying unlike Mamet who just sticks a woman in  the movie for no reason whatsoever.)<p>And I was personally disturbed by  the fact that Salma Hayak's character was a sexless angel. But that's just  my personal problem and doesn't really detract from the movie. Hayak is  either really irritating or really good in movies (pretty much mostly  Rodriguez movies is where she shines.) and in this one she's pretty  good.<p>So rent it out or buy it. It's a fun movie. Just don't expect the  greatest movie ever made. Kevin Smith may one day direct an amazingly  beautiful and deep movie, but for now he directs enjoyable comedies which  shouldn't be taken as anything more.<p>Oh yeah, I kinda have to agree on  the camera angle thing too. Nothing in this movie is all that visually  interesting, but there were some nice shots and it is getting better.
I thought that this Religion Fancy movie was really good!  I made good sence and will make you think about your religion is many ways, although this movie is fiction.
I really enjoyed this movie.  However, I did think it was a little too long at 130 minutes!  IT was very good though.  The elements of religion being twisted.  A very good movie, except for die hard rollie rollers, they  might wanna stay away...REmember...its only a movie....fantastic
Anyone who thinks this is a serious attack on religion missed the point.  It is a clever, funny and insightful look at faith.  My neighbor thought it  was weird and couldn't follow it, so if car chases are your thing avoid  this.  The casting was brilliant.  The last Scion works at an abortion  clinic. Cardinal Glick is George Carlin.  God is Alanis Morrisette !!!  It  is just witty and pokes some fun at religion but is is not offensive.  The  directing is a bit scattered and confusing so view each scene individually,  but strap on your sense of humor before
You see Kevin Smith films for the dialogue, not the cinematography. He really is a great writer with a quarky mind. He has some fascinating ideas. A major disappointment with this DVD is a lack of extras. A commentary  track from Smith would have been great and made this one a must in a  collection.
In this movie it says that God is a girl and Jesus is black that might be true or might not be but i think that is good because we think God is a man and Jesus is white. But that dose end up being racist and God being a man  is saying that men have more power then woman do. So I think this movie  says stuff about God and Jesus that are/might be true.
Kevin Smith has always been my favorite filmaker, now I like him even more. Being a Catholic this movie really touched me, a got a lot of out of, including lots of laughs. It was very deep, but also very funny. Kevin  Smith should've won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay, Best Picture,  and Best Director. I love this movie so much. Stars Matt Damon, Ben  Affleck, George Carlin, Linda Forientino, Chris Rock, Alanis Morissette,  Jason Lee, Jason Mewes, Janeane Garofalo, Alan Rickman, Kevin Smith, and  Salma Hayeck. GREAT cast, great film. See this one.
On the audio commentary of Mallrats, Kevin Smith says that if 30% of cinemagooers get his humour then he's a happy guy. Watching this in the cinema I would have to say that was the case. His subtle yet clever humour  shows us that there are still filmakers who don't want to spell everything  out for you, who give you a little credit, and teach you things Kevin Smith  style. There are those out there who complained that it was anti religion -  but the survey says NO, I think it was pro religion, I am an athiest but  laernt from this. It is a great film but the DVD is a let down. I already  own Clerks and Mallrats, both which are packed full of extras, so I  initially worried that the low price tag on this release would be a give  away, but hoped nevertheless. I was wrong, no commentary, no behind the  scenes stuff, no outtakes. On this ground the disc must be rated down hence  my 3 stars. So to  to close - great film, poor disc.
I loved God as a being involved with and loving Her/His creation.  The Sion and The Voice were great.  So were The Muse, The Apostle, The Demon and the fallen angels.  The prophets had their moments, especially the  silent one.  Together though the film was a little too dumb guy for me.  Once nice thing about DVD's is that I can skip some of the trashier moments  and enjoy rewatching this film.
This movie is about two angels that found a way to reenter into heaven(thanks to a new catholic campaign The Catholisism WOW! ),but if they do that proves that GOD is wrong(because GOD said they were  not going to  be able to enter again)so it would be the end of the world.<p>To prevent  this Bethany(a catholic that lost her faith)has to stop the angels with the  help of two prophets,the 13th apostle,Metatron(the voice of GOD)and  Serendipity.<p>The two angels have some helpers too:Azrael(a devil that  knows how to make a holy bartender), the Golgotha demon and the Stygian  Triplets.<p>This movie has accion,adventure,comedy and suspense and all  that is greatly excecuted.<p>If you lke movies that make you laugh with a  brilliant script look no further,this is it,go and buy this DVD,NOW!
Dogma was really entertaining. It's completly smart and down right funny. Kevin Smith is the master of all comedies!
Dogma is the best Kevin Smith movie yet.Jay and Silent Bob brought together with Chris Rock makes this movie a must have for anyone who loves raw comedy.It will keep you laughing right up to the very last line.
Don't get me wrong: Dogma is an hilarious movie that goes to the border on religious situations all the while maintaining some seriousness.  The cast is superb, bringing in stars for starring roles and cameos alike.  When I found out that Dogma was a coming out in a 2-DVD set I nearly lost it, and when I watched it I nearly lost it for the other reason.  Most of the features are incredibly boring.  The best parts of the movie were seriously in the movie and there is a big reason why those deleted scenes were left out.  The commentary by Kevin Smith et.al. is sometimes funny but mostly gets in the way of the movie.  If this comes in a single DVD I would get that so you can enjoy Dogma without having to pay, financially and mentally, for all the extra features.
I loved watching the version on Comedy Central. BUt I had to get the video version and I did real cheap. I am ticked off at Kevin Smith because he badmouths Linda Fiorentino who played Bethany Sloane. If you ask me, I think he wanted to get into her knickers anyway. I bought the film version and I have to say it's still one of my favorite films. I think it could have been better but it's still wonderful. I love Alan Rickman and Linda Fiorentino. I can't imagine the film without Linda. She is the best actress around. Using Janeane Garofalo would have been mistake since it would have been a completely different film after all.
This film explores some of the more off beat aspects of Christanity in a funny way. If you want to really upset some of the more shall we say less flexible "Christain" friends and relatives who show up at your home. Then pop this film into the machine and watch the fumes arise. The thing to remember is not to take the film too seriously!
In Smith's 4th masterpiece, we join Ben Affleck and Matt Damon as two fallen angels, don't even make me try to spell their character's names. These fallen angels were banashed from heaven many years ago, and ever since have been looking for a way to get back in. So, when a New Jersey church is celebrating it's 100th birthday (I believe it's 100 years) it is believed that if you go through the arches you are forgiven of all of your sins. So, Damon and Affleck believe that if they walk into the church their sins will be forgiven, they then have to cut off their wings (which makes them become human) and somehow die sinless, so they can get into heaven. However, if they successfully do this, all of existance will be unmade, because God is infallible and to prove him (it turns out to be a her in the movie) wrong would unmake everything.<br /><br />  So, now the last Zion, Bethany (Linda Fiorentino) is summoned to stop them from this deed, before it can take place. Bethany is completely taken by surprise when the angel of the lord tell her what she must do. She meets up with the two, so called prophits, Jay and Silent Bob by her job at the abortion clinic. They volunteer to help her, in hopes of getting some action from her later on.<p>  The then meet up with Rufus (Chris Rock) who is the 13 Apostle. He helps inform them that the deamon Azrael (Jason Lee) and three of his minions are trying to stop them, so that Affleck and Damon can make it to the church, because Azrael wants existance to end due to his hate of living in Hell. Rufus also tell them that Jesus was black, they left him out of the Bible because he was black, the virgin Mary had children AFTER Jesus, and they had more children, until there was Bethany, who is the last Zion, who had a cancer rot away her uterous, now she is incapable of having any more kids, which is why she is so angry at God.<p>  Later they meet with the muse Serendipity (Salma Hayek) who helps them on their quest, of sorts.<p>  With plenty of wit, and TONS of laughs, I was glued to the TV...when I wasn't in fits of laughter on the floor. Smoth does it again bringing an already long list of taboos (gay love/sex, drugs, necrophilia, etc.) under his belt, but now he adds roligion to that list. This movie is sure to offend deeply religious people, but for people who don't mind the ocassional religious joke, this is a great addition to anyone's movie collection and a very, very funny addition at that!
Entertainment Weekly calls it 1 of the best 10 movies of 1999. I loved this movie. The best movie in the New Jersey Chronicles(Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Dogma, Clerks Uncensored the animated series, and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back) all of which were written by Kevin Smith.This movie also has a star cast of Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Linda Florentino, Salma Hayek, Jason Lee, Jason Mewes, Alan Rickman, Chris Rock, and Kevin Smith.<br />Ok now to give you the plot.  Long ago Bartelby and Loki(Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) talked back to God and were banished to Wisconsin.  Someone has sent them a newspaper clipping in the mail pointing them in the direction of a loop hole to get back in Heaven.  By going into back into Heaven they prove God wrong which would unmake existance.  Bethany(Linda Florentino) a women who works at an abortion clinic and has lost her faith is the only person who can stop them.  The voice of god(Alan Rickman) appears at Bethanys house and tells her she must stop 2 renegade angels and will meet 2 profits.  One of them doesnt speak much but the one that does will mention he is a profit.  There are many other interesting characters that she will meet on her journey.  Now you are wondering, Will Bethany stop them? Who sent the newspaper clipping to the angels? and, Why doesnt God take care of this his/herself?  If you want to find out rent this movie. After seeing it once you know you will want to buy it and watch all the time.  Don't miss out on one of the funniest movies ever made.
Kevin Smith, the king of quirky, teenage stoner movies, is back with what is, in my not-so-humble opinion, the best of the &quot;View Askew&quot; series. The movie was preceded by &quot;Clerks,&quot; &quot;Mallrats,&quot; and &quot;Chasing Amy,&quot; and is the second to the last in the series. The movies are actually excellent stand-alones; the &quot;series&quot; is very loosely connected, but having watched all of the previous movies in the ViewAskewniverse, I caught quite a few of Kevin Smith's &quot;in&quot; jokes. Silent Bob and Jay are, of course, the best characters in the movie, once again upstaging the stars.<p>This movie will most likely offend anyone sensitive about the topic of religion. And if you think movies today have too much violence and bad language... welllll... perhaps you should rent a Disney movie instead! But for anyone looking for sarcastic humor and religious satire, you're guaranteed good entertainment with &quot;Dogma.&quot;<p>While seeing Ben Affleck and Matt Damon together again is a highlight of the movie, the best part about it are the smaller parts. Chris Rock as Rufus is hilarious - and I don't even like Chris Rock! Alan Rickman as the voice of God is perfect... there's nothing that improves a movie more than sarcastic British wit. Janeane Garofalo, in a bit part, is wonderful - as usual - and Alanis Morissette makes the perfect God (I'll worship her any day).<p>If you're looking for something to liven up your weekend, go out and rent &quot;Dogma.&quot; And better yet, rent &quot;Clerks,&quot; &quot;Mallrats,&quot; &quot;Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back,&quot; and &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; with it and get your fill of Jay, Silent Bob, snootchie bootchies, the Jedi Mind Trick, and comic book fun.
Before I watched this movie, I had heard of the legendary Kevin Smith movies, famed for gross jokes and bad language. It was also labeled "blasphemous". Fortunately, I did not let these things deter me from seeing one of the most creative comedies I've seen to date. From the first minute to the last, this movie was charming, bright and original. Instead of a typical gross out movie, or a cutesy romantic comedy, this movie had style and a very very original story. It's message, although it could appear offensive to all religions, it did not set out to attack religion and make a mockery of God. Quite the opposite, there were actually some good messages, such as Serendipty (Selma Hayek) says: <p>"When are you people going to learn? It's not about who's right or wrong. No denomination's nailed it yet, and they never will because they're all too self-righteous to realize that it doesn't matter what you have faith in, just that you have faith."<p>On a lighter note, the performances by each actor were absolutely fabulous. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck deliver powerhouse performances as the two exiled angels trying to sneak back into Heaven, via a loophole in the law. Alan Rickman, Chris Rock and Selma Hayek light up the film from within, in their performances as other Heavenly beings (the voice of god, the 13th (not mentioned in the bible)Apostle and a Muse). And finally, the main three earthly beings that make this movie what it is: Bethany[Linda Fiorentino], Jay[Jason Mewes] and, of course, Silent Bob[the one and only, Kevin Smith].<p>A truly adorable movie, with edgy humor and a whole-lotta-heart.
Kevin Smith is no doubt a brilliant writer, and even though his directing skills could use some polish, Dogma is a step above his other films (well, except Chasing Amy).  The storyline is one of those that you have to pay a lot of attention to though; Linda Fiorentino stars as a Catholic woman that works in an abortion clinic and is more and more losing her faith.  One night she is visted by "The Voice of God" (Alan Rickman) and given an assignment to stop two banished angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) from re-entering heaven through a loophole in the Catholic Dogma, and will thus destroy all existence.  She is teamed up with good ol' Jay & Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Smith), the unknown 13th Apostle (Chris Rock) and a rather sexy muse who works in a strip club (Salma Hayek who steals the entire movie).  Jason Lee is fantastic as the horned Azrael who has a few tricks up his own sleeve, and George Carlin is funny as Cardinal Glick.  But what makes Dogma work is that there is a lot of truth about religion that is discussed and joked about in the movie, mainly Salma Hayek's character talking about what is right and wrong about organized religion, and Matt Damon convincing a nun to quit her faith are some brilliant dialogue that will make the viewer think if he has an open mind.  All in all, Dogma isn't really as controversial as some say it is, but those with unique tastes will enjoy.
Honestly the first time I saw this movie I was confused.  See, I am not a religious person so I kept having to ask questions.  I didn't get many of the 'jokes'.  The second time I saw it I remembered all that I had asked before, and it was actually quite funny.  A bit more profanity than I like, but still good.  And I am surprised to see people unhappy with Alanis Morrisette in this movie.  I thought she was fantastic as God.  If there was a God, that would be exactly what God SHOULD be like.  Best scene in the entire film: God doing a handstand under a tree and wearing plaid boxer shorts.  That is exactly what I would want in a God.
Be sure to buy the special edition DVD rather than the first one which has nothing. The special edition is only about a dollar more.<p>  Otherwise, Dogma is a great film that should teach a lot of people to lighten up about religion. It's a very funny film with great performances by the entire cast. A lot of good points are made and I highly reccomend this for anyone.
This is one of the great movies of recent time.  Add to it all the deleted scenes on this great DVD and this is a classic that any Kevin Smith fan needs to have.<br />Without a doubt a needed addition to any DVD collection.
This film suprised me more than any other film during the last 3 years. I recomend it to all true beleivers and people who like to think. The film challenges your faith and your standards. Watch it and you'll never think the same way before.<br />Yes the language is strong and sex is mentioned almost in every line but the film helped me to understand religion much more than books written by theologians.<br />Great actors and very clever directing will sweep you off your feet.
Kevin Smith writes great dialogue and this movie is no exception.  The religious content makes you think a little bit, but for the most part you'll be laughing, provided that you take the digs Smith takes at the Catholic Church and Christianity in stride.  While I felt the movie dipped a bit in quality at the end, overall this is one of the funniest movies of the year.
Just a few quibbles though - the Golgothan (really juvinile, even by my South Park Movie lovin' standards), some of the rather stilted Ben Affleck dialogue right after they got kicked off the train and the gratuitous  violence of the end which I thought went a little overboard.  And although  I thought the two Prophets were hilarious, I like them in their &quot;Greek  Chorus&quot; role in Clerks better.  I thought that the movie was extremely  intelligent with nods toward subjects (the Gnostic Gospels, Kazatakis'  (sp?) Last Temptation of Christ) that one does not normally find in a  comedy.  Ultimately, one realizes that like Scorsese's Last Temptation...  that this is the directors love letter to God.  Smith never doubts God's  existence and explores the same terrain that Scosese does, except that that  terrain is humor instead of sexuality.  I suppose that if Jesus were all  man and all God simultaneously, not only would he have a sex drive  (Scorsese) but he'd like a good yuk once in a while too (Smith).  Just a  side thought - why are there so many movies celebrating anti-materialism  lately?  I found myself mulling over that while watching the boardroom  scene.  Think of all the movies coming out lately which have that theme -  Fight Club, American Psycho and American Beauty immediately spring to mind.  In a culture that celebrates conspicuous consumption, its popular cinema  certainly has not been reflecting that, and in fact, has been at times  scathingly critical of it (witness Matt Damon turning that boardroom into a  tollbooth from &quot;The Godfather&quot;).  Any thoughts?
This is a smart comedy about religion and the Church. We find a great cast of different stars playing God, angels, demons, muses, prophets and apostles. I can understand that for some people religion is a very serious issue and that these individuals may take offense in this movie. However, if you do no belong in this group, I highly recommend you to watch this film, since I am sure you will have a great time.<p>The Church is in a renewal process and seeking to attract people to enlarge its flock. Some of the changes involve revamping the depressing image in the crucifix for a smiling, winking and thumbs-up Christ. Also, a Church in New Jersey decreed a day in which everyone that passes through its gates will be cleansed of all sins and forgiven by God. Loki (Matt Damon) and Bartleby (Ben Affleck) are two angles that have incurred in God's wrath and therefore were expelled from heaven and condemned to live in Wisconsin from the rest of their eternal lives. They see this as an opportunity to be forgiven and allowed to return to heaven.<p>The path to their destination is not an easy one though, since by achieving their forgiveness they would prove God wrong, and existence will cease because it is based on the fact that God is always right. Therefore, Loki's and Bartleby's journey affects a large number of people and other mystic figures. There are two sides to the conflict, those that want to prevent them from getting to their destination, and those that want to help them and create chaos. Among muses, demons, the thirteenth apostle and a Golgothan, which by the way is super gross, we find a woman named Bethany (Linda Fiorentino). She is at a tough stage in her life and has almost lost her faith, but is requested by Metathron, the voice of God, to stop the two angels in their quest.<p>The way in which the film questions some of the beliefs of religion is smart and funny, and the talented cast help make this a very pleasant experience. For example, Chris Rock in his role of the thirteenth apostle is hilarious, showing his usual sense of humor with quick and witty jokes. I also found interesting the questioning of God's sex and Jesus race, which I think spices up several scenes throughout the movie and allows for some very funny moments.
unlike many dvds this contained outtakes and extended scenes that were actually worth watching.  Give yourself some time though, there are a LOT of extras,and it takes a while to watch 'em all
Anyone having to write about philosophy knows that the hard part is do it with few words. Twain's "sorry i wrote a long letter, i hadn't time to write a short one" applies like a glove.<br /><br />The true achievement of this movie is to be able to combine audio and video to express intense and charged concepts in a matter of seconds.<br /><br />Agreeing with then or not, it's not the question. The question is whether or not from an artistic perspective, you are able to get "something" from your time. The answer is yes.<br /><br />This is not a philosophic thesis or and artistic master piece and hence it can only be judge for a piece of great entertainment.<br /><br />You may want to also see <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VE439Y">Monty Python's Life Of Brian - The Immaculate Edition</a>
Jay and Silent Bob help the "last Zion" Bethany Sloane to stop two fallen angels from destroying the world and ending reality.<br /><br />Publicity were plagued with controversy over a perceived anti-Christian message read into the film. So please before you think about hurting someone over this trifle of a film, remember: even God has a sense of humor. Just look at the Platypus. Thank you and enjoy the show. {wikipedia}
Dogma's great. The story itself is interesting, and overall very engaging. The acting is well done, eventhough i do have contempt for Matt Damon and Ben Afleck - in this film I enjoy the dynamic they present.<br /><br />There's fan service abound (amusing stripper scene), and demon made entirely of pooh, Angels with big wings, and unlikely hilarious prophets.<br /><br />There's a lot of satire, ie George Carlin as a Catholic Bishop, and clever discussion of religion, what it means, and how it's been twisted over the years. There's also a lot of focus on meaning and symbolism, but not enough to bore to lose the audience.<br /><br />Very simple, witty conversations, great story, and hilarity all make Dogma an excellent film. Check it out!
There are very few films were one can compliment both Matt Damon and Ben Affleck in their acting efforts.  Besides "Good Will Hunting", this is another one of those efforts.  Cast of the movie is fantastic.  Alan Rickman is great in his role as voice of God and it is delightfull surprise to learn that the God is in form of beautiful and serene Alanis Morisette.  Chris Rock will not fail you as one of the "forgotten" apostole (13th one that happens to be black).  Unless you are an individual  too serious about your Catholic faith, or just too God fearing Christian in general, you will find this movie to be smart, funny and very entertaining.  I will be the first one to admit that I did not expect much of this movie and I got a very nice treat.  This is one of the comedies that you will always think of fondly  - if you are humble enough to laugh at yourself.  I believe that every one of us can see themselves or someone close we know in this colorful display of characters.
This movie is hilarious! But watch out if you are someone who clings to Roman Catholic practices religiously. This movie will probably be condemned by many as blasphemy, but its a wickedly funny road to hell. Take the movie as it was intended and you'll have a great time. I enjoyed it, and I'm catholic.
We start out with an old man in front of a skeeball location getting the snot beat out of him, then a flash to the story. Evidently two ejected angels sent to Wisconsin for the duration have found a loophole that will allow them to return to Heaven unscathed. Seems that no one from above or below really wants this to happen. So several beings with their own agenda are coercing Bethany Sloane (Linda Fiorentino) to do their dirty work as she unknowingly is the only one qualified.<br /><br />Will Bethany be able to stop the two angels before it is too late? Or is there a sinister unnamed force helping the fallen angels to succeed?<br /><br />Some of the actors are just coasting through the movie (probably to pick up some spending cash).  But Alan Rickman is excellent as usual and plays the indignant part to the hilt. See him again in "Galaxy Quest" made the same year.<br /><br />Defiantly designed for certain genre tastes (sort of a cross between Ghost Busters and Monty Python with a little Arthur Miller tossed in.) I personally found it a tad too potty mouthed and over obsessed with sex. Other than that it brings up good premises and a few eternal questions. This is defiantly on of those films that need to be viewed more than once to pick up on the nuances'<br /><br /><a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0822202492">The Creation of the World and Other Business.</a>
The first time I saw "Dogma" I was put off by the endless explanations of Catholic&#8230; well&#8230; dogma.  Director/screenwriter Kevin Smith knew that the subject matter he was tackling would go over the heads of his audience if not adequately explained (ideas such as plenary indulgence, the last scion, or the Metatron are not part of the popular dialogue).  He did a good job tackling these ideas, only the explanation tended to drag down the rest of the movie.  And it left little room for character development (Linda Fiorentino spends most of the movie's first half saying "I don't understand" to either Alan Rickman or Chris Rock).  Upon viewing the film a second time, being more comfortable with the material myself, I was able to relax and enjoy the jokes Smith placed within those explanations, and go along for the ride with his well-plotted and superbly structured story.  Further to this, those performances that felt stilted and stale behind the veil of explanation are now fresh and vibrant.  I didn't appreciate the work of Fiorentino, Rock, Jason Lee, Salma Hayek, or Ben Affleck the first time around.  Now I see that they are a uniformly solid ensemble.  Couple this with the standout performance of Mr. Rickman, a playful but malevolent Matt Damon, and a beatific Alanis Morrissette, and Smith seems to have found the perfect cast of characters.<p>"Dogma" is a big movie with a big brain that it's not afraid to use, a Smith trademark.  This may come as a surprise to those who know Smith as a (self-admitted) purveyor of [...] and fart jokes.  Don't worry, the auteur has not turned his back on his bread and butter.  The bathroom humour runs wild and free here.  But it's not bathroom humour for the sake of bathroom humour.  This is seen most clearly in the famous and much reviled Golgothan S**t-Demon scene.  It exists not just as an excuse to dress up a man in a poo suit, but actually makes sense given the universe of the film.<p>Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob (Smith) do more here than in any previous Smith film.  They come to the story early on, stay until the end, and carry much of the film's comedy.  Jay is his usual motormouth self, only his ribald banter is consistently funnier than in any previous films.  Silent Bob is once again 99% silent, taking a couple of occasions to save the day (without the clumsiness he displayed in "Mallrats").  And in one heartbreaking scene near the end, Smith, a self-confessed non-actor, actually wrings some true pain and sadness without resorting to weepy hysterics.  A good job.<p>As for the film's supposed anti-religious angle, anyone that pays attention to the ideas being presented will know that couldn't be further from the truth.  The only religion that gets condemned is the kind that's organized.  Smith is more concerned with a return to faith, in whatever form that it may take.  It attacks belief, which is cold and unyielding and harmful to those who don't share it, in favour of ideas, which can respond to most any human situation.  Smith deserves credit in that he has made a movie that gave me, a self-styled lapsed Jew and agnostic, cause to question my beliefs.  And I think that was Smith's goal in the first place<p>Besides taking on organized religion, "Dogma" is also -- in many of the film's aside lines -- a loving tribute to movies and how they can affect our consciousness, a noble ideal that this film strides towards and succeeds.  If film is the new religion in our liberal culture, then "Dogma" would make fine scripture.
This review will only talk about the features included on this DVD edition.  My review of the movie proper was posted August 20, 2001. <p>---<p>Since commentary tracks are the most important feature, to me, of any DVD, and since this is my first time listening to one (well, two here) of Kevin Smith's legendary commentary tracks, let me get right at it.<p>Messrs. Smith, Affleck, Mewes, Lee, Mosier, and Pereira appear on the first track.  The Jays, Mewes and Lee, don't contribute all that much; the former adds a spaced-out comment or two, but only when prompted, giving cause for the others to ridicule his grammar; the latter only pipes up to ask director Smith a technical question once in a while.  Vinnie Pereira, who is described as View Askew's resident historian, is proven negligent on several occasions, for not knowing some detail or another.  Which, to me, proves that he's probably right most of the time, and only got called on it while the audience was in the room, for the purpose of some good-natured ridicule.  Scott Mosier, producer and second unit director, answers any and all technical questions that Smith can't, and takes some all-in-good-fun flak for his cameo in the film, a scene on the bus where he's asked to make-out with his girlfriend.  Ben Affleck, far and away the biggest star in the room, is both incredibly articulate on why he's proud of the movie and his role in it, and good-natured at being the butt of many of his lesser-known cohorts' jokes.  Kevin Smith, writer/director, is funny and forthcoming with his feelings about the movie.  He doesn't shy away from the on-set conflict between Linda Fiorentino and himself, he's outspoken about the undue criticism the film received, and he's self-deprecating when talking about his skills (or lack thereof) as a director and his reliance on toilet humour in his writings.  The track is fun and funny, like listening to a bunch of guys at a bar on a particularly witty and combative night.  It's not afraid to go off-topic (at one point a discussion breaks out on the sex-lives of the participants during the making of the movie!), but still manages to cram in more behind the scenes information than most commentary tracks I've heard.<p>The second commentary track features only Smith, Mosier, and Pereira, and was included because the first track was so jokey and off-topic at times.  Smith and Co. wanted to at least appear like real filmmakers who knew what they were doing.  So they try and talk about aspect ratios, and film stock, and optical transfers, etc.  Which is all well and good, but they also joke around enough to make this track interesting in its own right, while still being funny for non-techno geeks.<p>Besides the two commentary tracks, the 2 DVD set holds a number of other fine features.<p>Included in packages liner notes is a lengthy and finely written essay by Smith, which details how and (more importantly) why he made this film.  In it, he lays his soul bare, giving up his love for God, and his desire to honour Him (or Her) with an intelligent movie that the masses will see.  The only way to do that, he reasons, is by lacing the theologically motivated story with "... and fart jokes".  A job well done, Kev.<p>Disc two has over 100 minutes of deleted scenes that prove why they were deleted.  They are often ponderous, and would have been detrimental to the narrative, even while fleshing out each character's backstory.  The interesting part about this feature is that each scene is introduced by Pereira and an increasingly larger contingent of the Smith clan, beginning with just Kevin, then him and his daughter, then him and his daughter and his wife, and finally him and his "other" son, Jason Mewes.  It's kind of cute to see Kevin, a self-described raunchmeister, in the company of his wholesome family.<p>The outtakes section was a disappointment.  With over 3.5 hours of usable footage, you'd think the produces would have been able to cobble together more than 13 minutes of crack-ups and muggings.  But they haven't.  Pity.<p>Overall, the DVD is a fine package.  Two minor quibbles: the opening sequence, which plays while the disc loads, was funny the first time.  But it's too long.  It became annoying when every time I put the DVD in this drawn out joke had to play.  Also, when transferring between features, a short condemnation, presumably riffing on the grief the film got from the Catholic League, appears, telling the audience that they're probably going to burn for watching the movie.  I appreciate the irony, but not every time I wanted to turn the subtitles on.  This got tiresome pretty quickly, too.  But besides those two points, "Dogma" is presented in all its splendor, deservedly so.
Dogma is a movie with comedy, drama, and a wonderful look at religion. It watches almost like a parody, and with the language and some crude humor, it would be very easy to get offended, but watch it with an open mind and you will see the real story. Rufus, the black 13th apostle, gives us some great insight into what we really should be doing as followers of Christ. He gives a line to the effect of, 'You guys took a great thing and built a religion around it.' Plus, Alan Rickman is a very attractive Metatron!
This won't fly with overly sensitive religious people. Excellent humor, this movie is one you will want to share with friends and watch again and again.
As with all Smith movies, this DVD delivers the goods.<p>First, the movie.  It is one that needs to be viewed as a &quot;thoughtful comedy&quot; to be appreciated.  It deals with some heavy duty material, but is done so in more of a &quot;what if&quot; manner.  This is not to be taken as the absolute truth.  Anyone who thinks that this is an indication of how things are needs their head examined.<p>Acting wise, Matt Damon, Chris Rock, and Jay Mewes shine.  Even Ben Affleck is quite entertaining.  In all honestly, Linda Fiorentino is the only disappointment.  Everyone else pretty much NAILS their roll.  <p>And of course, the commentaries are great.  The actor one barely mentions the film, which is actually very amusing.  And the deleted scenes are great, though somewhat frustrating without the play all button.  This was fixed with Jay and Silent Bob Strike back though. <p>Check it out.
If the use of any vulgar language bothers you, this is not the movie for you. If poking fun at religious dogma where religion-(not just Catholicism)-cannot defend itself, this is not the movie for you.<p>However, if you are open-minded enough to realize and accept that all points of view have merit, and can just enjoy a damn funny movie for its own sake, then this is definitely the movie for you!<p>The opening credits advise you to not take the movie seriously and it is your own fault if you do. This movie is crass, profane, and disturbing. It is thought provoking and deeper than it first seems. It is also one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. Some people may see this movie and think Kevin Smith &amp; Company are ridiculing people of faith, if not faith itself. I think nothing could be further from the truth. This movie has the message that God does exist. In what form does God exist? Well that is the question. No religion is more right on than the next. The fundamentalists of every faith would definitely disagree.<p>There is no one &quot;right religion.&quot; But to use a line from Inherit the Wind: &quot;Right&quot; has no meaning whatsoever. But &quot;truth&quot; has meaning as a direction.<p>I am religious and I thought this movie was fantastic!
I give this movie, 3 and a half stars for a good effort. It could have been a 5 star movie if it wasn't for all of it's flaws, to me it seems like it was perhaps put together too quickly without thinking the whole thing through.<br />  I believe what Kevin Smith was trying to say with his movie is that organized religion is bad. Bad because when it gets into the hands of people it becomes the religion of the people rather than something holy, it becomes manipulated. This idea could have been portrayed in a movie, but this movie is not the one.<br />  The movie comes off as preachy in some parts, which is very annoying and corny. A lot of the reviewers here are angry that they bash the Catholic religion, but they miss the point that he is bashing all orgainized religion. This is it's main flaw, it does not make this clear for a number of reasons. First, it uses everything from the Bible. So a direct interpetation would be that Kevin Smith is saying that Christian religions have the right idea but they manipulate it...as for all the other religions (budism, hinduism) well they can all go to hell!<br />  I understand Smith's point but he does not make it clear enough that he is bashing organized religion and not one specific one. Anyone that doesn't believe in the bible can be very offended by the movie because this movie, though some people say 'it makes one search for thier own beliefs', it doesn't. It makes one search for thier own beliefs within the bible.<br />  I know that Smith was not saying that the bible is the basis of everything with this movie, but like I said, this movie was not thought out well enough. It was flawed.<p>  Like I said, I give it 3 1/2 stars, the reason I show it as four instead of three here is not because I am leaning towards four stars, but because this movie had more than just philosophy to offer. It had comedy, and for that it is a very good movie. I reccomend this movie to anyone who wants a good laugh. It will give you a few! If you don't anylyze the film it can be very enjoyable simply because it is funny.<p>  So to sum everything up: Nice try at having philosophy in your movie Kevin Smith, but it didn't work like you wanted it too. But it was funny. Don't take my word though, go rent it and have a good laugh.
Kevin Smith's Dogma is a brilliant comedy that's been misunderstood right from the begging. This movie doesn't mock religion. It simply jokes around about people's beliefs. It's cartoonish, savagely funny, and wonderfuly written. Smith isn't here to shock and offend. He has a message to tell. If anything, thelast thing this movie does is bash any religion. It tells you to have faith. And I tell you to have faith in this film. If you want to disagree with me, fine, make sure to vote against me, but faith is in the eye of the beholder, and to not give this movie a chance, truely proves who's ignorant in this situation.
I found Dogma to be a wonderfully satirical statement on the state of organized religion.  Using the backdrop of plenary indulgence possibly bringing about the end of existence was a delicious choice.<p>The Special Edition improves on the original product by adding some outstanding behind the scenes material.  Though I found some of the outtakes to be tedious (the Matt Damon Star Wars one-liners as a notable exception), the rest of the material is excellent.  The deleted scenes expand upon the story, most notably that of why Bethany was unable to have children and Azrael's description of why Hell was the way it was.  The audio commentary was also very informative.
First, let me say this: JAY is not funny!! Silent Bob: funny. Jay: not so funny. Jay is a loud, raucious kid who is not funny. That said, the movie is pretty good. Never seen a Kevin Smith film before (don't think I ever will either). I'm not Catholic like the movie (not ever movie can be perfect), but I enjoyed MOST of it nonetheless.<p>Did anyone else notice Jay and Silent Bob in SCREAM 3? Just thought I'd throw that in while I wait for the &quot;How can you not like Kevin Smith movies&quot; hate mail.
Another great film from Kevin Smith.  As always with all of Smith's dvds, the extra features are fabulous.  Be sure to check out his other films on dvd if you haven't already.
During Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy we all learned to appreciate the witty banter of Kevin Smith.  One problem I had was that his burning, biting philosophy was coming out in response to some seemingly  uninteresting things i.e. a quick stop, mall, or comic book line.  Therein  lies some of Smith's genius, but also a crutch that is holding back some  fun, topical, relevant, engaging philosophy about things that can make a  difference.<p>  He has addresses that issue in Dogma, a pure fun, but  thought provoking tale about love, sex, destiny, hope and oh yes religion.  If you are offended by this film (that is too bad) you have missed the  point.  I won't even begin to think I understand Smith's purpose, but this  is a film that told me, we need to personalize our belief and solidify our  convictions or the "Jays" of our lives might try and clip our wings.<p>  The dialogue in this film (vulgar as usual) was fun and exciting to follow.  I would like to see the PG film Smith has in store (the one he keeps  promising his parents in the credits).  The Davids, Mamet and Lynch proved  that amazing films can be made with a PG and even G rating (The Spanish  Prisoner, The Straight Story) and someday Smith will figure this out and  win an academy award.  Not that I'm too offended by him, but repetitions of  the "f" word is the easy way out when an feeble mind loses the ability to  express itself.  <p>  The cast of this film alone makes it worth  seeing.  The appearances by Carlin, and the Clerks boys are lively and well  done.  Across the board the acting is solid as is the direction and Smith  fans won't be disappointed.
two renegade angels have found a loophole that could potentially destroy all of mankind.  It leaves a question wandering in your mind.  Can a band of unlikely heroes save the day?
I absolutly love this movie.  First of all, it is hilarius.  I laughted all hte way through it.  The writting is sharp, the direction puches every joke and adds a slew of sight gags, and the perfomances are great.  Second  of all, it is extremly intelligent.  Though some people get their undies  all in a wad over this movie (I've had a freind refer to it as balsphemous)  it is not anti-religion.  In fact, it is very pro-God, pro-fatih.  It's  anti-church (mainly anti-catholic) but it isn't vicious in its  anti-catholicism.  I think the muse, played suprubly by teh knockout Selma  Hyack, &quot;Their hearts are in the right place, their brians just need to  catch up.&quot;  This movie is really an intelligant theologicla  discussion in hte format of a comedy.  It works extremly well on both  levels.  The only flaw is the over-use of hte f-word, it just gets  annoying.  However, that's one small flaw in a brilliant movie.  Watch it  for Damon and Aflec, watch it for Alanis, watch it for silent Bob, watch it  to laugh, watch it to think, jsut WATCH IT. Here I stand, so God help me,  Amen.
You can read all about the story in these other peoples' reviews. I don't want to ruin it for you. This movie cracked me right up! If you are a rabid Kevin Smith fan like me, you'll love this. I know I did. All your favorites  make appearances (with new names, of course). You'll see Dante, Randall,  Walt Flanagan, Brodie, and yes, the A$$hole from Fashionable Male. Of  course there are the celebs you'll see too, like George Carlin as a  Catholic cardinal (!), Alanis Morrisette as God, Salma Hayek as a muse,  Chris Rock, that british guy with the face (sorry, guy!), Umm... and of  course, Jay and Silent Bob! I loved it. I am going to buy it as soon as I  can. Cracked me right up! watch it, buy it, laugh, and be merry! Snootchie  Bootchies! :}
Kevin Smith has done it again with Dogma.  This is one of the best movies of 1999, yet it hardly got recognized.  No one can beat Smith's penchant for writing amazing, bantering dialogue.  The characters created here are  phenomenal--Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are great as two angels kicked out  of heaven, Jason Lee, Linda Fiorentino, Chris Rock, and of course, Jason  Mewes and Kevin Smith as Jay and Silent Bob.  I loved seeing them in a  bigger role than in any of his previous movies.  This isn't a film bashing  Catholicism, and I can't believe that anyone was offended by this.  Make  sure you read the disclaimer at the beginning, because it is absolutely  hilarious.
i've seen this movie 1 1/2 times. and i just wanan say: it's awesome! and it's so true too...like that Buddy Christ is SO sumthing those catholics would do.<br />and it's got alot of good points in the movie from the bible that the catholics tend to hide. also, since the main chick in this movie is Jesus' great great great great great great great great great great niece, it just goes to show that jesus DID have bro's and sisters!! but that wasn't a surprise to me, since i READ the bible...something supposed &quot;christians&quot; tend not to do...<br />but this didn't get 5 starz cuz there WERE some parts that were offensive to me. being as i'm a Christian.<br />but all in all this got a Four. and i would recomend this movie to anyone, but there's too much swearing. although if there wasnt, i know lotsa ppl who would appreciate the true facts from the bible in this movie!
Director Kevin Smith (Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back) made a new movie in 1999 after CA and before JASBSB. It was a religious drama, WITH JAY AND SILENT BOB!!?? You ask yourslef, how can it be a drama with 2 stoners with nothing better to do than hang out by the Quickstop in Leonardo, NJ? It was a dramedy, I guess. With stars like Linda Fiorentino, Chris Rock, Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, and many more, Dogma is an all-star movie with an all-star cast. In a small town in Illinios, Bethany Sloan (Fiorentino) is given a task by an angel (Alan Rickman) to stop Bartleby (Affleck) and Loki (Damon) from entering the doors of a church in Asbury Park, NJ. If they do, God (Alanis Morrisette) will be proven wrong and the end of existance (The Apocolypse) will come. To help Bethany, two profits, Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob (Kevin Smith), and an apostle, Rufus (Chris Rock) are sent. But in her way stands Azrael (Jason Lee), a former muse, and three of his henchmen. Also in the gang to stop evil is a muse (Selma Hayek) who they find at a strip club. If you haven't already seen Dogma, see it. I also recommend any of the other NJ Series movies. A warning though, if you haven't seen Clerks, Mallrats, or Chasing Amy yet, then wait to see the last installment, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back. Good day, and see you at the movies.
Dogma is one of the greatest movies of all time. Watch it. Then watch it again. Then think about it for a while. Then watch it again. You'll be happy that you did.<p>A majority of the people that appear to dislike this movie point out either that its slam against Catholics or its extreme use of profanity. To address the second issue, yes, Jay swears a lot. But to be honest, I have friends that swear just as much, so it's not exactly unrealistic. The movies rated R, so either go into it expecting to hear the F word thrown around a bit, or stick to Disney flicks.<p>As for this movie being a diatribe against Catholicism, think about it for a bit. If you removed the name Catholic, and replaced it with any other major religion, would the movie still work? Yes, it would, and that is because the movie isn't knocking Catholics (BTW, Kevin Smith is Catholic, and attends church weekly) it's talking about the concepts of organized religion, and the problems within these religion that are brought about by the imperfect nature of the humans that created them, and their inability to even consider that they might not be right.<p>I'm not asking you to love this movie, or to even like it. All that I'm asking is for you to actually sit down and think about what the movie may be trying to tell you about yourself, before you dismiss it out of hand and prove the movie right...
Watching Dogma is like hanging out with college kids eating pizza, smoking pot, and talking about religion; that is to say, it may be entertaining, but it's not particularly profound, intelligent, or well thought-out.  Ben Affleck and Matt Damon work well together, and it's pleasant to watch their chemistry.  If that's enough to make you want to watch Dogma, by all means: go, see, be entertained.  Just don't expect a whole lot more.
two angels,who were kicked out of heaven long ago,find a loop-hole so they may return.they need to go to new jersey.jay and silent bob go with the last zion,the 13th apostle rufis-left out of the bible because hes black,and the muse join forces to prevent this for if the angels get to heaven all creation will go poof!it stars matt damon and ben affleck as the 2 angels.alanis morriseete as god,chris rock is rufis and even george carlin as a bishop in the church.of the jay and silent bob movies it ranks second id say,but a lot of people say its the best also.it is the best religious based movie of all time!however,it will piss off all church goers.no naked chicks in this one either.chris rock,although normaly one of the most obnoxious racist bigots alive,actualy doesnt bitch too much in this one.he does make a good point that if there is a christian god-and lets face it theres probaly not-hes black.why would he be anything else?the world started in AFRica right?i abselutely love this movie!
All you people are really stoopid f*cks... can't you just enjoy the film for what it is?  Stop reading between the lines and talking about the film being blasphemous.  If you dont find it funny, then fine, maybe you just have &quot;sophisticated&quot; tastes but i dont give a f*ck, jay and silent bob was the best comedic duo ever created by the genius kevin smith
I would buy this if you like comedy. Who wouldn't like Ben Affleck and Matt Damon as angels. They already are so why not just show it! The whole theme of the DVD extras seem to be Mooby the cow. Very funny! Jay and Silent Bob are great! Selma Hayek is hilarious as a muse and Jason Lee is hilarious as he always his. Buy it for a laugh on a rainy day... or a sunny day. Whenever. It's great.
This may have had a much bigger budget than Clerks or Mall Rats, but it's hard to tell.  Scripting is fabulous; casting is pretty on-track, with the exception of Alannis Morisette as God.  Or maybe I just felt that way because she annoys the he** out of me.
I felt that the unrelenting useage of profanity throughout this movie marred what could have been an exceptional production.  <p>Why do new Hollywood writers/producers feel that the [profanity] lends the necessary panache to their films to ensure that they are 'with it'?<p>I would like to have my daughter see this movie because I think that it blends the correct amount of theology, fantasy, humor, and compassion to show up organized religion for the fraud that it, in many cases, is. The zealots who picketed "The Life of Brian' are the same types who disparaged this movie, probably without ever viewing it. <p>I am kept from viewing this movie with my daughter because of the, as I formerly stated, unrelenting use of profanity. I would be uncomfortable sitting by her while the foul diatribes ...in support of no apparent plot points, ran on.<p>I am a former seminary student, a retired Naval officer, and not a prude. I simply lament the apparent loss of propriety in exchange for the (now) minimal shock value of extreme language.
Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy are all classics and I think that must have weighed heavily on Kevin Smith when he made this film.<p>All the bits which captured your imagination and funny bone in the first three movies are gone, what you are left with is a movie with very little to offer.<p>Ben Affleck and Matt Damon bring some star power to the movie, but to be honest, the earlier movies worked better with a higher proportion of little known actors.<p>It just doesn't work as a movie!
Kevin Smith's DVDs are not just movies with a few special features, they act as an archive of the hard work and pleasure that went into each of his first threee movies.  The Special Edition disks for "Clerks", "Mallrats" and "Chasing Amy" are what all DVDs SHOULD BE - a record of not only the artistry, but of the personalities that created the art.  In each we understand how the director thinks, feels and works and has been a chronicle of Smith's growth as a writer and director.  However, "Dogma" looks like it was time to throw the film on a disk for retail sale.<p>The much-anticipated "Special Edition" is coming soon, and Smith has promised it to be a great companion edition to a sharp, witty and (in some ways) groundbreaking film.  So why couldn't we just wait for this?...<p>I am a great fan of the Askewniverse, and the effort by Smith and Co. to even bring out the Special Edition reinforces my respect for View Askew...
For me, this movie started out with the right amount of irreverant anti-religeous zeal, but then became perverted into just another gory chop  'em up &quot;road trip.&quot;  If it had stuck with the satirical humor it  could have worked better.  For me, it stopped being funny when the violence  became explicit.  The monster from the toilet was funny, and that type of  violemce (implied but not seen) made for a better film.  It is too bad that  it deteriorated into a &quot;I can make this more graphic than the last  movie made&quot; type movie.  It lost points with me.
A must watch movie.  I'd love to be in a Kevin Smith movie (one of my  dreams)
Awsome service, arrived early and product matched its description! What more can you ask for?  I very highly recommend this product.
Item arrived quickly and as described. Some damage to the corners of the box but this more than likely happened in transit. Happy with purchase and seller. Reccomended.
This was a very difficult item to get in New Zealand. Getting it on Amazon was very easy and was the perfect gift for a big fan of the movie.<br />It turned up within the international shipping time and was a very reasonable price.
The only reason I watched this film was for Ben Affleck, I've wanted to see it for ages, but never got the chance to, or gone out of my way to buy it on DVD. But I did enjoy it, even if it was a bit weird. I definitely want it on DVD now, to shed some more light on the (many) bits that I did not understand! <p>I'm not a fan of Matt Damon (Loki), he generally annoys the hell out of me, so that was one bit of the film I didn't like. Ben Affleck (Bartleby) was cute though - especially when he was angry! They play the good angel/bad angel, constantly switching back and forth. <p>There are a few familiar faces in this, apart from the obvious - George Carlin (Bill & Ted - rock on dudes!), the chain-smoking girl from Romy & Michele's High School Reunion, Jay & Silent Bob, Chris Rock (Rufus), Salma Hayek (Serendipity) and Alan Rickman. The latter was definitely brilliant, so sarcastic! Jay & Silent Bob just have to be in every Kevin Smith film, and they totally remind me of the guys from Wayne's World (watch out for the bits in the car). I wasn't keen on them, although Silent Bob plays a great part, and manages to make up for what he doesn't say, with facial expressions etc. He was so funny!<p>There are two classic lines in this film. Ben's "Do I come across as gay?" and Alan Rickman's "If there isn't a movie about it, it's not worth knowing about." So true! <p>I thought this was along the lines of The Prophecy, although better! Also, watch out for the toilet scene - similar to the one in Trainspotting, but much, much worse!<p>Being a film mainly about religion, there's quite a lot to take in, but it is easy to follow. The story also makes you think, especially what Rufus says about Mary & Joseph. A lot of the stuff went straight over my head, due to not being in any way religious myself, but I know the basics. The Apostles etc, didn't make any sense to me, but maybe would to others, who know all this stuff. I did enjoy this film, and would highly recommend it to anyone. I'll definitely be keeping my eye out for the DVD, with plenty of extras, which explain the film more in-depth, and a commentary. <p>Oh, and the end credits are great, although they were severely truncated by watching it on TV. And God is a woman? Something we women have known for a long time!
As a sweet bite of blaspemy this Kevin Smith stinker may do fine, supported by a star-studded cast and a crunchily inventive premise to sink our collective teeth into the heart of Catholicism. <p>But it is amusing to see a horde of reviewers call this clever and thoughtful. Sorry folks, the film's troop of eccentric characters do very little to bail it out of its convoluted ramble about theology.  <p>When it comes to intellectual muck-raking, the film with its doozy &quot;loophole&quot; simply drowns under the weight of diminishing returns. Religion is not an intellectual exercise, it's role is to fulfill spiritual, psychological and emotional needs in our lives. A person needs his world to make some sense to them, and religion can comfort with answers that science can not yet provide. <p>If on the other hand you're game for some tongue-in-cheek degenerative humor (for example, giant monsters of bubbling human excrement) sure, this may be right up your alley. Just make sure you have plenty of time as the circus goes on for a while.
THE CATHOLIC CHURCH WOULD HAVE KEVIN SMITHS HEAD ON A PLATTER IF<br />THEY COULD. THE MOVIE GIVES A CERTAIN SOMEBODYS VIEWS ON THE CATHOLIC RELIGION AND AT THE SAME TIME IS EXTREMELY FUNNY.DOGMA IN MY OPINION IS THE BEST SMITH MOVIE SO FAR BEN AFFLECK AND MATT DAMON PLAY TWO ANGELS SENT BACK FROM HEAVEN FOR BEING BAD.JAY AND SILENT BOB PLAY TWO PROPHETS TRYING TO STOP BEN AND MATT FROM REENTERING THE GATES OF HEAVEN  WITH A CLEAN SLATE.NEED I SAY MORE FOR WHAT THE TWO CARMING DUO'S GET THEMSELVES INTO<br />  BRIAN  BINDER
Chasing Amy will probably remain my favorite Kevin Smith film, but Dogma should always have a close second. After turning the Mallrats fiasco around with Chasing Amy, Smith decided to embark on his life's work, the one film that he'd been saving for just the amount of exposure it would get: Dogma. Though not a Miramax production or even from Universal (thank God), Lion's Gate decided to option his masterpiece and Columbia released it on DVD. Go figure.<br /><br />Anyway, Dogma is about several characters in a looped story structure. Ben and Matt are two fallen angels trying to get back into heaven by entering a sacred, but before they do they go off and brutally kill people for fun. Bethany Sloane is a direct descendant from Jesus Christ (which still makes no sense to me since Jesus was an only child and never married, but don't think too hard about it) who has to stop them from entering or they'll destroy all of God's creation. Along the way, she has some help. Alan Rickman is Metatron and the sardonically witty English bastard he always is, Jay and Silent Bob are prophets who want nothing more than to bone Bethany at any cost, Chris Rock is the 13th Apostle and offers the angry black man's view of things, and Salma Hayek is a stripper who turns out to be Serendipity (???) However, the always loveable Jason Lee is a demon sent to make sure that B&M make it to the church and thus rein havoc on heaven. Anyway, it's a fractured fairy-tale and a clever one at that.<br /><br />Some key moments: The first thing that stuck in my head after I first saw the movie was the scene in the Moovie corporate office. I won't give anything away, but it just completely disturbed me as how all this sin is revealed and then punished so brutally, then dismissed as nothing. Who knew that Matt Damon could be so evil? Especially as an angel?<br /><br />There's the final realization from Bethany where she doesn't want any of this responsibility, which does play off of the original Terminator some, but Rickman carries the scene with an almost poetic pose.<br /><br />The reason why this film works is for its initial farce on religion, then a showing of a more reasonable way to embrace it. Sure it's a comedy, and a foul-mouthed Kevin Smith comedy at that, but it delivers a way to question your own faith (whatever it may be) and to decide for yourself of whether you follow beliefs, or ideas. A high recommendation for and movie collector.
dogma is an awsome movie as well as the rest of the view askew productions and anyone who thinks diferently is a prude or has little to no sense of humor. kevin smith is an execelent actor/writer/director/producer any one who thinks diferently is a moron. i would pay to be in one of his films even as an extra, just to have worked with him and tell him to never stop with his films they are all awsome from clerks to jersey girl i enjoyed them all very much.<br /><br />with admiration,<br /><br />adam hawk
Dogma is a great and funny movie by kevin smith.This movie maybe the best in the new jersey series.I would recommend getting this movie to any fan of kevin smiths movies.
I seen this movie in the theatres when it came out and fell in love with it from beginning to end. This movie contains more of the smart humor mixing fact with a hilarious factoidic twist! I can see why people either really hate the movie or really like it and that is mainly because that's how Kevin Smith directs his movies. If you like what you see in the beginning of this film then the whole film is non stop keeping you watching and listening till the credits role. Surprising cast at work in this one as well!
Well, this being the fourth in the Jersey series, but not the fourth KS movie I had seen. It is kind of long in my opinion and I think there are boring times and I love to hate Affleck and Damon as Bartleby and Loki, respectively, but that's another point. I didn't take it as seriously as I would have had some other people if there had not been an disclaimer. Anyways, not much to say about this edition except it has 2 discs, and both discs featire artwork from the movie. Disc 1 is about Mooby Egg-A-Moofin and Disc 2 is about Hosties. Final Verdict: It's very thought-provoking and really talks about sensitive material, so you may want to rent, then buy if u like it, but I would go ahead and buy it.
As with Monty Python's "Life of Brian," "Dogma" came under a lot of fire because it dealt, utilizing tongue-in cheek humor, with that most sacred cow: Organized religion. Dogma" is a brilliant film that DOES NOT MAKE FUN OF GOD, but rather asks uncomfortable questions regarding the organizing of a belief structure (As the 13th apostle says in the movie, "It's not a matter of who's right or wrong; none of them have got it exactly right.") As an atheist, I found this movie asking a lot of questions I ask, but instead of tearing down any belief structure, "Dogma" actually gives answers that would seem to make God more accessable.<p>Okay, the humor can be raunchy or juvenile at times, but in the end it is a thought-provoking movie that isn't afraid to ask questions and take on various belief-structures. And this Special Edition DVD is packed with a lot of deleted scenes that help to answer a lot of the questions that might have remained (like "Who are those three kids?"), along with poking a lot of fun at itself.<p>Get this movie!
Those people who really want more from their DVDs will probably already be aware of Kevin Smiths films, Smith really pushes the format, each of his previous releases (Clerks, Mallrats, Chasing Amy &amp; Clerks Uncensored) are overladen with goodies.  Deleted Scenes, interviews and hilarious commentaries are standard issue for Smith and this disc brings Dogma into line, after a lacklustre bog standard release, this Special Edition really delivers.<p>With Smiths signature heroes Jay and Silent Bob again grabbing the plaudits, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck give fine performances, Chris Rock and Alan Rickman are great and with the gorgeous Linda Fiorentino and Salma Hayek producing the goods, is there really a reason not to buy this disc?<p>With the final instalment due soon (Jay &amp; Silent Bob Strike Back), take the opportunity to get Dogma and get up to date before it's over for good!
I rented this mainly to see what all the Catholic backlash was about, fully expecting to be majorly offended.  But, surprisingly, I rather liked it  -- although I really don't understand why Hollywood always assumes that angels constantly spout bad language.  Still, I was surprised by the level of theological/philosophical discourse between Matt Damon and Ben Affleck (the fact that it was those two made the exchanges even funnier since it seemed so incongruous).  <p>The weakest part, IMO, was the ending.  Alanis Morrisette played God as a sort of semi-retarded child, and things just got a tad silly.  But all in all, if you have any taste for the metaphysical, it is an interesting diversion (and not nearly so anti-Christian as I was led to believe).
Ok this is in my top 5 movie list. Im only 15 and im considered ignorant and foolish for agreeing completely with this movie....its a satire while at the same time it shows people what they need to see.....that christianity is in a corrupt state...especially catholicism! we believe in one true god...in god we trust while at the same time we hear every sunday of tithing and how the lord thanks a generous giver...so in closing i agree with this movie....it has opened my eyes to a world which was alreadt in front of me...the world of god...not the world of church...oh and it made me laugh.
I quite enjoyed Dogma, and it was one of Kevin Smith's top efforts so far. The 'controversy' that it caused was mostly unfounded other than via plain ignorance by those protesting. It's purpose is to get you to take a wider  look at religion by finding ways to poke fun at it..and at the same time  enhance the understanding of what it all is suppossed to mean. All the  characters were decently fleshed, and well cast..
Plot is cute.. two angels, need to go back to heaven.. they'll be destorying mankind in the process. A fantasy. The readers of &quot;Fool On The Hill&quot; would find some similarity to the movie's character - it's a  well entertaining story, a few comic lines (not ones that would make you  fall to the ground holding your about-to-burst tummy), but you don't really  connect. That's the movie's main problem, in my opinion, lack of  authenticity. However, one may find an interesting theological concept, as  to whether or not the catholic church ruins belief with its harsh policy.  Better rent it. Don't spend your money on it unless you've fallen in love  with it.
Catholicism, WOW! One of the best and most though provoking movies I have seen in a decade. A huge fan of Kevin Smith and a Catholic myself I was intrigued by the chance to see what Kevin was up to that had upset so many  people. As it turns out, he only impressed me beyond my already high  expectations of his work. Upsetting? On the contrary, I found it relieving  that we could finally take a lighthearted look at the Catholic faith and  what surrounds it. The Jewish religion has been taking jabs at itself in  Hollywood for 40 years, and it's great to see Kevin taking things not so  seriously and writing a script that was funny, thoughtful, and keeping  within the constraints of the Catholic dogma. And the lesson in the end was  not one of lost faith or destruction. It was about a God that loved his/her  people with a condition that only the creator could. The faith is intact,  the world is still revolving, and the muse has done a thorough job  entertaining me once again. God bless her!<p>A huge list of characters  including a high angel, two prophets, a muse, a demon, three of his  minions, two fallen angels, a Cardinal, and the 13th apostle, make this a  menagerie of colorful concepts all woven together in the engaging idea the  two angels can get back to heaven by clipping their wings and walking  through the doors of a cathedral. The movie works from character to  character through complicated religious jargon that had me completely lost  throughout the first viewing, but that is the point. The comedic value of  the film comes from God, the bible, and mankind having such a complicated  relationship that a simple solution to anything is not possible. The film  centers around a loophole within the dogma that, if enacted, would disprove  God was infallible and would destroy existence. This plot proved to be one  of the most intelligent scripts I have ever seen written for film. It  challenged you, made you think, and made you laugh. <p>The only people I  could see that would have a problem with this film are the people who would  not enjoy a Kevin Smith film in the first place. If foul language offends  you, you won't like this movie. If your favorite film of the decade was  Home Alone, you won't like this movie. If you slept through Being John  Malcovick, you won't like this movie. Everyone else should thoroughly enjoy  it. <p>Oh yes, Jay and Silent Bob are still as funny as ever.
If there's no such thing as a coincidence, then God herself must have chosen today for me to view this film--after I'd spent the past few months embroiled in various (usually) light-hearted debates about issues of  gender, justice, and dogma within the staff of the church I serve,  &quot;Dogma&quot; simultaneously refreshed and challenged me  theologically.<p>But don't let that rather scholastic review keep you from  seeing this picture.  Anyone who's ever put half a thought into the  relationship between humans and God, between theology and spirituality,  between &quot;church&quot; and worship--and, I have a hunch, most people  who could care less--will absorb just what they need from the script, while  being wildly entertained by some of today's freshest, most engaging  character actors.<p>Affleck and Damon, of course, play angelic  &quot;buddies&quot; as though they were born to; Fiorentino's cynical,  pro-choice, Catholic scion is so believable as to make the whole film rest  on her genuineness.  Even Chris Rock, not usually noted for depth of  character, adds a certain no-nonsense sincerity to the film's wake-up call  to the Church.<p>My one criticism of &quot;Dogma&quot;--enough to lower my  rating from 5 stars to 4--is scriptwriter Kevin Smith's obsession with the  &quot;F&quot; word.  At least he diversifies it--it's used at various times  as a verb, as a noun, and as an adjective.  But still, comedic value  notwithstanding, just how many times DOES an angel have to swear before the  shock value wears off and we get bored with it?<p>Still, this one goes on  my wish list.  Can't wait to share it with my classmates in seminary!
This was a DUMB movie no point ot it at all. A completely A list cat wasted in thie trash of a movie.<p>on dvd no good extras<p>rental only! 1<p>DOgma C-
A CATHOLIC WHO SEEMS TO QUESTIONS HER FAITH [LINDA FIORENTINO] MUST STOP TWO ANGELS [BEN AFFLECK AND MATT DAMON] WHO SEEM HELL BENT ON WREAKING HAVOC ON THE EARTH AND IT'S PEOPLE. VERY FUNNY AND KEVIN SMITH EVEN INJECTS THE HILLARIOUS AND PROFANE JAY AND SILENT BOB CHARACTERS [LIKE HE DOES IN JUST ABOUT EVERY MOVIE WITH HIS NAME ON IT] INTO THIS MOVIE. CHRIS ROCK IS ALSO FUNNY AS THE 13TH APOSTLE. IF YOU WANNA LAUGH AT RELIGION, THIS IS THE MOVIE FOR YOU.
Writer and director Kevin Smith's first View Askew movie on christ,religion,and good vs evil.the movie has different plots to it,with lots of violence and foul language.here's the plots and characters.the plot: a woman that believes in god must travel to stop two fallen angels that want to get back to heaven.a awesome plot.<p>THE CHARACTERS:<br />Bartleby{Ben Afleck}-The fallen angel that needs to get back to heaven.he is either mean or good<p>Loki{Matt Damon}-The 2nd fallen angel that is Bartleby's partner that is also mean or good<p>Bethany{Linda Fiorention}-The religious woman that travels to stop Bartleby and Loki<p>Serendipity{Salma Hayek}-The muse turned stripper that follows Bethany,Rufus,and Jay and Silent Bob<p>Azrael{Jason Lee}-The bad demon that helps Bartleby and Loki,he needs to stop Bethany,Rufus,and Jay and Silent Bob<p>Rufus{Chris Rock}-The black 13th Apostle that helps Bethany,Serendipity,Jay and Silent Bob<p>Jay and Silent Bob{Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith}-The two slackers that of course follow the three to help<p>The triplets-Azrael's helpers that kill people with hockey pucks<p>The crap demon-The demon made of crap that tries to kill  the three<p>The whole movie:A+
This movie would not have been so terrible if it was not supposed to be in line with the Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy series.  To those of us that truly enjoyed Clerks, there is no low budget elegance about this one.  There is no absence of the mainstream media explosion that you find in the other three (okay, maybe two, but we'll forgive Chasing Amy).  This movie may have ranked a four, but not tied to one of the best movie series ever.  It's like teats on a bull, it just don't belong.
This movie is not Kevin Smith's finest hour.  Let me just say that as a lapsed Catholic, this movie isn't particularly insulting--although I remember the protests outside theatres.  The problem with it is that it just isn't very FUNNY.  The high point of the film is Smith regular Jason Lee (notably of &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; as Ben Affleck's homophobic co-worker) as a Satan type.  The problem with this movie is that it needs to go bigger and really lampoon organized religion, or it needs to tone it down.  Instead, it's stuck in neutral, with the viewer wondering when it's all going to end.<p>Admittedly, it's kind of fun to watch Ben Affleck and Matt Damon play angels who have fallen from grace, who try to get through a heavenly loophole to regain their wings.  But that's too small a part of the movie to redeem it.  Plus the shootout at the end that finally brings these two devils down is gross--as is the--er--monster that emerges from the toilet to try to stop our protagonists.<p>This isn't an awful movie.  Let's just say that renting &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; and &quot;Clerks&quot; would be time better spent.
This is one of the funniest movies of all time. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are showing their comical side for the first time as Loki and Bartleby, two angels kickedn out of heaven for fipping off God. Chris Rock shows up as a  13th apostle, and Mallrat's Jay and Bob try to destroy the angels. This is  a great movie
Dogma was funny from beginning to end, there were totally angels in it, the angels were funny angels and jay and silent bob were funny too, the angels had no private parts so that made them very angry because of the fact that they had none.  Ben Affleck was good in it Jason Mewes was good and when the last scion came into it she had to stop the angels from getting into heaven because the world would end if they did and Ben Affleck and Matt Damon wouldn't be able to make any more super groovy movies like Pearl Harbor and Legend OF Bagger Vance and Black Stallion 2.  I like the best part when matt damon is drinkin beer at the end cuz hes happy that he can get drunk again and he's just chillin and wobbling all over and then alanis comes down from heaven and since she's not a good singer her voice hurts ben affleck and his head breaks open and then the movie is over.  I love this movie it's the best one that came out in the longest time.
I loved Kevin Smith's first two movies Clerks and Mallrats. Chasing Amy was okay, but a little too much of a downer in the end.<br /><br />Now get this, Dogma seems to be the movie that is the line in the sand for a lot of people. The majority of Clerks/ Mallrats fans didn't care much for Dogma, and vice-versa for the Dogma fans (but not completely, a good number of Dogma fans hadn't even heard of Smith's prior movies).<br /><br />It's been said that this movie slams the church, but it's just a slanted view on Catholisism that hard liner religous fanatics might find offensive. A lot of the comedy in this movie THINKS that it's offensive. I remember bits on the news discussing Dogma's ramifications, but it all just felt like manufactured drama and debate to me (i.e. publicity stunt).<br /><br />Throwing Jay and Silent Bob in the mix really messed up the flow and 'believability' of it all, especially when the first three movies had them tied together to a specific area.<br /><br />What I don't get is where Smith got all this Hollywood clout. His previous films were good, but were cast with several before-they-were-stars. In Dogma, suddenly all these big names appeared in the credits, and would the general audience found the movie as good without the injected star-power? Did he make a deal with the devil?
First of all...how did this film get made?  I mean, the actors don't even bother to act.  It looks like and sounds like a group of friends got together over one too many drinks and brainstormed this whole thing.  And good for them if they were able to get on the phone and convince a bunch of idiots to give them money to make it.  However, I think it's equally important to have a few drinks in you too in order to get the right buzz required to enjoy this film.
On many levels, &quot;Dogma&quot; falls flat. The problem starts with filmmaker Smith's written intro. In this, he claims that &quot;Dogma&quot; isn't a ridiculing attack on Catholicism, but a mere insubstantial fantasy.  Yeah, right. If it's a fantasy, it needs to be outright &quot;ha-ha&quot;  funny, with lots of imaginative wackiness throughout. It isn't. If it's a  satire attacking Catholicism, it needs to be incisively witty. It isn't.  Smith unsuccessfully tries for something between these two approaches. He  tries for humor solely through disrespecting Catholic beliefs. Lest you  think I'm a defender of Catholicism, you should know that I'm 100% atheist.  And I've never been Catholic, so I have no axe to grind. Smith is annoying  in his twisting and scrambling of Catholic dogma. You've heard of cafeteria  Catholicism? This is a Catholicism food fight! One shouldn't write like  this if one isn't an outright unbeliever. Work out your crisis of faith in  private, Smith, not by attacking your religion in theaters everywhere. If  Smith can still consider himself a good Cathloic after writing  &quot;Dogma,&quot; then this in itself is a powerful refutation of  Catholicism. The extremely complicated plot-with lots of exposition from  the characters-is hardly worth following. &quot;Dogma&quot; has a poor  script. Attempts at realism are thwarted by it. Characters' genuine  questioning of God's purposes are met with no answers or worthless, trite  answers. It lacks the wit necessary to make a truly effective attack on  Catholicism. To be fair, I must say that all the actors gave superb  performances. They did the best they could with the weak script. Though  Carlin was miscast. He made it hard to accept the movie's initial premise.  Some criticize the movie's directing and editing. I found no problem there.  Any awkwardness can be traced back to the screwy theology and poor script.  If you really enjoyed this kind of apocalyptic comedy, allow me to  recommend the novel &quot;Good Omens&quot; by Prachett &amp; Gaiman. With  more skillful writing, this movie could have been a much more effective  satire of Catholicism. This atheist gives &quot;Dogma&quot; a big  thumbs-down.
I'm a big Kevin Smith fan, and this movie is good based on the fact that he did it alone, but frankly after his brilliant first three films this one was a bit of a letdown. The hilarious dialogue that I loved in his other movies just seemed to be missing in this one, and the plot was also a lot more serious than the dysfunctional love stories of the first three. However, there were funny moments in the film (Affleck and Damon were great as the two angels), and Jay &amp; Silent Bob were awesome as usual, its good to see them featured this much in the movie. However, if you liked this film, check out Clerks, Mallrats and Chasing Amy and see just how much better Kevin Smith really gets.
I thought 'Clerks' was somewhat a charming, if poorly acted, first film. Realistic setting with OK dialogue.... got a laugh out of Silent Bob, so I figured that 'Dogma' would be a nice leap forward for Smith with its big-name stars and what-not. Turns out that this guy released the single most WORDY film I've ever sat through. It's like listening to anything off of Springsteen's first two albums where he crams in about 200 words per verse (&quot;Blinded by the Light&quot;)<p>Suffering from aural fatigue after viewing this film, I high-tailed it to an abandnoded campground in upstate New York and entered into a vow of silence for one week. No words spoken, none heard. I was tired of the words that every character in 'Dogma' had to constantly utter whenever they were on screen. My creative writing prof in college always told us to &quot;show don't tell&quot;. <p>Too bad Smith couldn't follow this simple rule.
The premise was pretty good, but that's as far as it went
Dogma is about 2 angels that are band from heaven. They find a way to get back to heaven but if they do get back they will end existence so 2 prophets (Jay and Silent Bob a.k.a. Kevin Smith) have to stop the angels before they reach the destination.  This is one of the greatest movies Kevin Smith ever made actually all his movie's were great.All his movies are sure to make the most serious on their knees laughing.
this is my absolute favorite movie, you have to see it.
THis movie is really funny, especially for religious people.  Sure, it makes fun of the Catholic Church, and it even suggsts cnspiracy in the church.  Alot of it doesn't make any sense, like God is trapped in a body?  He's GOD.  He can do whatever He wants!  Don't get me wrong I did like it!  A little out there, but still very funny.  Again remember it wasn't suppose to match up with the Bible.  Like God is not a woman, God is genderless, and Jesus wasn't black, He was Jewish etc.  But you what?  It's a Jay and Silent Bob movie, OK?  Don't overanalyze it.  Good for those ont sensative to the issure of religion.
This was a generally mediocre movie. <p>I really want these guys to succeed, and everyone from Boston needs to see everything they make. However, this movie begins with some modest promise and pokes fun at  institutions that need to laugh more about themselves. It is fair to be  critical of the Catholic Church, especially when it is a silly premise like  the Church's efforts to become &quot;more hip&quot; and modern. But the  whole thing dies is in the abstractions created with characters like  Alanis. I wondered, was this movie written for the cameos or was it  destined for purgatory from the get-go. Clerks, Chasing Amy and Mall Rats  fans will love to see the usual suspects...but thats just not enough to  keep your interest. Chris Rock does a fine job but he cannot carry the plot  with his angry 13th Apostle routine. He plays well off of the other  characters but ultimately loses. Ben and Matt are cool but seem to be  trying too hard. Maybe comedy isn't where they perform the strongest. All  is forgiven. A forgettable film.
I wish I could rate this two ways. I believe it should get 5+ stars for it's illumination of one modern Catholic's mindset, but must give it 1 star for how wrongheaded the enterprise was written and directed. The director, Kevin Smith, has called this film &quot;...my love-letter to God and to faith - which is about the only thing we really truly have in life.&quot;<p>This should surprise a great number of the critics of this film who wrongly believe Smith is slamming the Church. He further states, &quot;Faith is the glue that holds us together and binds us (kind of like the Force). It's something we all have in common - even if you're not a religious person.&quot; Clearly this shows he is NOT the faithless iconoclast as portrayed by the good-hearted but misguided efforts of the Catholic League, but rather this is a man whose movie is a statement of his faith as he understands it. And while it is intentionally satirical of many things, if viewed not as a slam but as a love-letter, a well catechized Catholic can gain some pretty incredible insights from it.<p>I'm not promoting this movie in regards to how well it expresses the Catholic Faith - far from it. It is wildly inaccurate and largely ignorant of history or of the arguments that underlie fundamental beliefs of (most) Catholics. But there is a payoff.<p>Watch this movie and realize something: this is a product of a mind formed by a lifetime of Catholic schools. Smith himself has said that the inspiration for this movie came from a nun who taught religion. <p>This man's imagination was formed by those whose grasp of the truth of the gospels and the church were as murky and erroneous as they were (doubtless) devout and sincere. It's simply bad modernist theology played out on the big screen. This is perhaps the key to Smith's confusion on the part of orthodox Catholics who take umbrage to his opus. He isn't the devil incarnate, a ridiculing and blasphemous jerk who's trying to take a stab at the religion and faith of millions. Rather, Smith simply doesn't get it. And though we are all responsible for our own actions, take heed of this example and feel pity for this man who has been sold a theological bill of goods that doesn't quite add up in the light of day. See this film; discuss with others its merits good and bad. But above all, make sure you know what your own children are taught as regards their faith. Don't depend on a school's clout or reputation - see what's going on with your own eyes. Finally, pray not only for Smith, but for schools that market themselves as Catholic. Pray that they become capable once again of teaching leaders of tomorrow like Smith to once again be unabashedly, unashamedly, and unambiguously Catholic.
OK, so get this: it's a movie about like, God and the apostles and angels, right?<br /><br />But God is a WOMAN!!!<br /><br />And the apostle is BLACK!!<br /><br />And the angel is ALAN RICKMAN!!!<br /><br />And nobody talks like the King James Bible! It's all like, jive!<br /><br />HOLY SHIITE THAT'S BLASPHEMOUS!!!<br /><br />YOU MIGHT LAUGH!!!<br /><br />you have been duly warned<br /><br />PS: They use the word "sex" in it. "Sex is a joke," they say. That's an actual line of dialogue. I didn't know it was until I saw this flick of greatness. SEX!!
After thoroughly enjoying Kevin Smith's previous film, Chasing Amy, I had high hopes for Dogma.  The media played up the supposedly inflammatory content of the film and every Catholic film group on Earth seemed eager to bash Smith's effort.  The cast, while not a dream match-up, certainly offered an intriguing ensemble too.<p>As for the story?  Well, it's a cute tale of two angels banished from heaven and now on their way to slip through a supposed loophole in God's laws which will allow them to return home.  Fiorentino, the insufferable Rock and Silent Bob and Jay travel to the same spot, a church, to keep the angels from underminding God and supposedly all creation.  Good enough premise but really what makes the film enjoyable, as with all Smith movies, is the sparkling dialogue.  Sharp and biting, his lines can often be music to the ears.  Smith turned his attention on the church and he does a fine job of pointing out silly hypocrisies in the Catholic Church and its dogma. <p>Smith delivered on many fronts, while backsliding on others.  His humor has the a unique ability to be both crude and insightful.  Unfortunately a few portions of this film, specifically the feces-based monster were a bit too sophomoric.  But the vast majority of the film's humor shows Kevin is building and growing beyond his start in the often funny though very teen-pleasing Clerks.  <p>His casting unfortunately played against the film.  I've read that Jason Lee was to play Affleck's sidekick angel but a scheduling conflict kept that from becoming a reality.  I must say the film suffers because of this.  Rather than Lee's standout, wonderful delivery the film is burdened with Matt Damon's lack of any screen presence or characterization.  He's Good Will Hunting, the boring angel from my nightmares.  Additionally, putting Chris Rock in a film (even the otherwise excellent Nurse Betty) should now be grounds for the public flogging of a director.  Rock speaks each line as if doing a standup routine.  He's about as natural as polyester.  And about as interesting too.  Salma Hayek continues to enforce the stereotype that acting and beauty are not synonymous (thank heavens for the Cate Blanchetts of the world).  Lee, sadly, is stuck in a woefully underwritten role as a demon fixing to help the angels beat God.<p>But, the film does have some sparkling performances.  Alan Rickman, one of the underappreciated actors of the past few decades does a terrific job, bringing the kind of wit and verve he usually delivers in his performances (not quite as good as his Alexander from Galaxy Quest or even near Hans Gruber in Die Hard).  Fiorentino does a fine job as the reluctanct abortionist world-saver.  Silent Bob (Smith) and Jay (Mewes), as usual continue their foul-mouthed Laurel and Hardy routine (or are they Penn and Teller?). Affleck does a serviceable job but really shows that since Chasing Amy, he's really got little to offer as an actor.<p>Dogma's a fine film and worth the laughs, but it's certainly not controversial or in any way dangerous to the church.  Smith has good pointsto make, even if he does so with a preachy style.
Dogma is probably one of if not Kev's worst films. How a Catholic can Make this movie is beyond me. As a Catholic myself I wouldn't cross the line for the sake of "Art" if that's what people think art is that's their problem.<br />Kevin is a very talented Guy as are the cast it's sad.
I think what bothered me most about this movie was that it thought it had something intelligent to say. Unfortunately a more cogent argument against religious dogma could be formulated by a 4 year old. And then there's the script. Was this a first draft? The acting was also horrendous, with incredibly annoying performances by Rock, Damon, and Affleck, but with a script like this that was inevitable. In short, do not pay money to see this garbage! Kevin Smith is a one trick pony and needs to stick to stories involving New Jersey and convenience stores.
While Kevin Smith does an adequite job in steeping the movie with religious dogma (and for the most part keeping it legitimate) he loses himself somewhere along the plot line and turns what would be a thought  provoking look at church doctrine and turns the movie into something  reminiscent of a Zucker brothers movie (complete with uninspired fart  jokes.) Keep it mindless or keep it serious but the schitzophrenic nature  of this film does not do justice to the brilliant ideas Smith introduces to  us in the beginning of the film.  I give this film one star because as a  huge fan of Kevin Smith, I really hoped he could have done better.
&quot;Dogma&quot; is about a total moron who spouts off, and everyone else shaking their head at him in a benign way. I'm not making that up. Also, if you're doing a satire, never have a cutesy apology appear before the movie starts. Jonathan Swift or Terry Southern never did that. You either believe in your vision, or you don't. Smith's problem is he wants to have things both ways. He's supposedly educating us on religion, and making us laugh with bathroom humor. Except he ends up doing neither. The religous stuff is just preaching to the converted, there's nothing insightful about what he's saying. And the humor is painfully forced, unfunny, and over the top vulgar. Don't get me wrong, I love lowbrow humor as much as anyone. But this movie is basically for anyone who still gets a kick out of hearing themselves or other people curse. It reminded me of a &quot;Scooby Doo&quot; episode written by a pretentious hack philosophy student. Damon and Affleck's lame performances exemplify the movie's smug, pleased with it itself tone. They seem more interested in entertaining themselves than the audience. And you have to be really untalented to make George Carlin and Chris Rock not funny.
this movie is boring, boring, boring. smith's flat satire lacks subtlety and grace and is redeemed (relatively speaking) only by its moments of ridiculous humor - a feces demon, horny jay, screeching chris rock et al. <p>the damn thing isn't even offensive, except in the sense i paid for the  rental. <p>cheap shot? worthy target.
After Watching this film i feel Kevin Smith Should Seek a Real Job.this Film was Horrible.part Bill&amp;Ted's Excellent Adventure part History of the World part 1&amp;the Rest all junk.Chris Rock is Flat in this Film.same  goes for Linda Fiorentino.Matt Damon&amp;Ben Affleck add nothing to this  Poor Excuse of Film-Making.i see nothing funny in this Mockery of  Catholicism.it's a Travety that this Film was even ever made.
I am not a Catholic, or member of any other organized religion for that matter, so I was eagerly expecting irreverent, intelligent, and witty theo-illogical comedy from Dogma.  What I experienced was more like a bad  acid trip commandeered by graduate-school PC theological tedium mixed with  prepubescent sex and scat jokes.  This movie has no reason to exist beyond  the smattering of one-liners and a certain stoner hipness, but even these  are cliched or pretentious beyond tolerability.  Even the considerable  talents of its ensemble cast can't save this drivel from the postmodern  trash heap. If this is what ex-Catholics are struggling with, god help  them! This film is an insult to anyone with an ounce of spirituality left  in them.  It knows not from whence it came nor what it wants to say.  Honestly the worst film I've seen in years.
What a worthless, childish and pretentious movie. It`s supposed to be a satire on catholicism, but is such an inane film that I almost felt pity for it. So this is what a hip, clever, witty movie should be nowadays, eh? Well, in fact it`s just a lame mess. The beginning isn`t bad, Damon and Affleck have a couple of entertaining scenes with some black humour, but it doesn`t last for too long and soon falls into mediocrity. The film seems endless and gets worse from scene to scene. In the end, &quot;Dogma&quot; is a failed parody with a few decent moments and a lot of crap. The characters are flat and uninteresting, the acting bland and the direction shows little creativity. While it's strange, different and offbeat, it doesn`t qualify as being actually something worthwhile and poignant. A letdown.
&quot;Ambitious&quot;? &quot;Funny&quot;? &quot;Aggressively Intelligent&quot;?  Unlike those enlightened souls who found this a five-star hit, I guess I just didn't &quot;get it.&quot;  I saw this film in a theater and it has to be among the worse movies I've *ever* seen!<p>If the DVD version can redeem it as worthy of time and expense, it's just another huge plus for the technology.  Maybe you have to be a Catholic or at least a Kevin Smith fan, but my advice would be: Don't waste your time OR your money!  There's far better entertainment available.<p>This project is proof positive that not even a great cast can redeem a stinker.  If I were Ben or Matt, I'd be embarrassed!
I was very excited to see this movie.  I liked Clerks and Chasing Amy a lot.  I think people just like this movie because it is from this hip new director but if you took Kevin Smith's name off of the box I don't think this movie would have very many fans.  This movie didn't strike me as controversial or thought provoking.  It also wasn't funny or entertaining.  I was bored.  Kevin Smith's characters are constantly explaining the plot to you through the whole movie.  My english teacher always told me to show, not tell.  Apparantly Kevin Smith never learned this rule.  And on a side note, I know Chris Rock seems like a really funny guy, but is he ever funny in anything?
Just the sexy, heavenly muse played by Salma Hayek wouldnormally be enough for me to scream out loud and give this movie aclean 5 on the scoreboard, but I don't. This film did nothing for me. I think I laughed twice during the whole film and that's not enough. Chris Rock does his best to make us laugh at the bad jokes this great comedian is stuck with and Salma Hayek tries to look as sexy as humanly possibly, but it's not enough.  Linda Fiorentino delivers well below average acting as she stumbles through the story as Bethany (be sure to be out for more popcorn when she tries to play drunk). And please, let's not even mention Smith Mewes and his pathetic character, Jay.<p>One of the reasons I didn't like this movie a bit, might be because of a certain individual sitting three chairs to my right at the cinema. I have never, ever in my whole life heard anyone (or anything for that matter) with such a terrible laughter and I hope I will never hear him ever again. He laughed with his whole body and soul and it sounded like an old steam engine and a jumbo jet colliding in mid air then falling 10.000 feet to crash land in an amusement park. And the more he laughed, the more I wanted to walk over to him and kick him real hard. <p>That said, if Dogma had been a real good movie, I had never noticed &quot;Laughterman&quot;. Dogma was not a real good movie. Stay clear of this one. There are brick walls more amusing than this film. And Alanis Morissette as God? Gimme a break...
I'm not Catholic and perhaps I didn't "get it"; I wasn't offended by the excrement, etc. but the continuing sophmoric plot apparently intended to offend wore me down.  What a waste of talent (except, well, Affleck, stick to WRITING; you are SO wooden in your acting).  I hope all of those who were raised Catholic that were in the audience or in the movie FEEL better and their church-induced inhibitions have been wiped away after seeing or being in this flick.  The review of Shashank Tripathi (an Irish contemporary of mine) says it all well too.  It's only the second movie I ever walked out of (Drew Barrymore couldn't carry "Home Fries" all by herself; more wooden acting, not immature plotting, in that case).  They're lucky I didn't firebomb the theater on this one.  It was like the Worst of Saturday Night Live.  Grow up, Kevin.  You pseudo-intellectuals  givng this dreck 4 and 5 stars too.
DOGMA has scores of "comedic moments" pumped into it.  The problem is, none of them are the least bit funny.  <p>Example: Rock flops down and is asked if he knows Christ.  Rock replies, "Hell yeah, nigga owes me fi dollas!"  I kid you not.<p>At one point, a Sh*t Monster appears.  No, I don't mean Alanis Morrissette.  An actual creatue made of feces shows up for our "amusement."  Are you starting to see a pattern?<p>DOGMA tries desperately to push all the comedic buttons it can, but each attempt yields nada.  The cast can't save this ungodly flop.  Neither can the so-called "message."  Hell, I don't even think the God it claims to glorify could make this film watchable.  <p>If DOGMA doesn't make you an atheist, nothing will.
Well, yes: Here is a star-studded cast, and here are a few good jokes. I guess it fits the genre "dark comedy." Maybe that's enough.<br /><br />And maybe it's not. It's not, if you mind that the trash outweighs the treasure. It's not if you don't find an enormous "excremental" poop-giant sent up from Hell to be hilariously funny. It's not if a valley boy ("Jay") begging for sex every two minutes doesn't seem clever.<br /><br />You might also find this movie grating if you have any respect for institutional religion, since the Catholic Church especially becomes an object of tasteless satire. Or if you don't really like gratuitous violence, because there is plenty here. Or if you think that such a frontal attack on religion might do better to have something more subtle going for it than the callow distinction between "beliefs" and "ideas" that is belatedly introduced here by the 13th apostle, stupidly named "Rufus," and played by Chris Rock, whose talent truly is wasted on this lame film (along with the rest of the considerable cast).<br /><br />In short, this is a precocious inside joke for Kevin Smith afficionados. The rest of the world would do well to tune out.
Why does this movie suck this bad!this movie is dull and has no storyline.FACE THE FACTS.
This movie goes so badly as movies can go... The duo of Damon and Affleck think they made a master-piece of controversy, but that's not case: it's  only a master-piece of boredom. Director kevin Smith forgot what film  making is all about. THe plot is horrenndous, Morrissette appears out of  the blue (clever agent..) nothing works here. Linda Fiorentino could have  been replaced by a door, so bad was her acting. Sad...
The movie came in brand new store-wrapped goodness and no damage. It arrived soon after ordering.
i really liked this movie, it was funny and had action. but no drama, well some drama. this did get good ratings in the theaters and i understand those ratings but i think my ratings make more sense. bye
I hardly ever write reviews here, but when this awful movie appeared like a lurking demon to the left of my monitor I knew something had to be done. This movie was so bad that I walked out about 5 minutes before it ended at the theater. The only advantage to it on DVD is that it can be destroyed. If you like movies with terrible scripts, not-funny toilet humor, bad acting, poor direction, etc, then you MIGHT find this tolerable. How anybody could like this travesty is beyond me.
What is there to say about this movie?<br />The only good actors in it are Alan Rickman, Jason Lee, and George Carlin. Ben Affleck and Matt Damon couldn't act their way out of a paper bag if they had to. They're both the same in every single movie they're in, and they're both extremely annoying.<p>I've always liked Kevin Smith's work, but this movie was simply appaling. That thing at the end with Alanis Morrisette as God.. BAD call Kevin, what the Hell was he thinking? Putting a racist person like Chris Rock in any movie as a character even remotely &quot;righteous&quot; or &quot;holy&quot; is an insult to anyone with a frontal lobe. And all this garbage with Jay... I nearly prayed to the porcelain idol after seeing him again. He's a bad, BAD actor; he's just not funny or creative at all. He makes me look hysterical. Somebody with a comedic side so devoid of talent shouldn't even be cast in a comedy.<p>On a scale of 1-10 I'd give this movie a 3 or so, cause it does have some funny parts in it (not very many, but they're in there).
Sorry. I'm just a stupid person, and unfortunately I coudl not see the so-called &quot;greatness&quot; of this &quot;Movie&quot;. It doesn't offends Catolhics at all, it doens't offend Protestants at all... It only  offends the intelligence of the public, forced to watch the horrible duo of  Affleck and Damon performing the worst characters of their movie carrer,  and forced to watch a ridiculous blonde guy using bad language all movie  long, and forced to watch the unshameful commercial appearance by Alanis  Morrissete, as a totally unconvincing God. For a person to think this  garbage is &quot;polemic&quot;, he really must have his head closed to  daily life...
Looks like someone's let their ambiton get the best of him.  This film is so F-ing boring and so F-ing unintersting that it just makes me wanna F-ing puke.  Usually I like witty comentary on biblical subjects but for the love of god, I like HUMOROUS witty comentary, not comentary so long a drawn out that you forget what the hell they were talking about in the first place.  <p>Let's get one thing straight, movies are a forum for communicating ideas.  Not giving an actor/actress three pages of dialog and saying &quot;read this to the camera, cause this is what I think&quot;.  That's what writers are for.  I don't go to a movie to be told flat out what some jackass thinks about christianity.  I go to be pursuaded and think, &quot;oh, maybe he's got a point there.&quot;<p>Kevin Smith is a direct product of the Hollywood mindframe.  Apparently he believes that making previous movies of moderate  fame gives him the right to make an opus of unintelligent hawgwash.  Man, the ego on this guy.  <p>Kevin, if you're listening, go back to the low brow comedy of the past, and leave thought producing movies to real directors such as PT Anderson, or Joel/Ethan Coen. <p>Definantly the worst thing to come out of 1999. <p>Ciao<p>Dave<p>P.S.  All those people that found this movie &quot;entertaining&quot;, and &quot;utterly delightfull&quot; need to cut the BS, don't pretend like you get it just so you look somewhat witty and intelligent. I'm on to you.
i saw this movie i should have brought with me my pillow and my blanket the movie was so bad i walked out of the movie holding my nose i should stayed at home and bored my self to sleep my friend thought that this  was a poor excause for a movie he said that it stunk even when we walked out we said why did we spend the money for this i should have saved my money  and bought baseball cards and i dont buy baseball cards
I really did have high hopes going into the viewing of this movies.  Were those hopes met?  NO WAY.  I really can't imagine anyone enjoying this movie.  It's a &quot;dark comedy&quot; as the two creators would like to think.  But Dark Comedies usually are intelligent and thought provoking, if not always entertaining.  This movie is simplistic and wraught with poor performances.  From the creators of the MALLRATS and CLERKS, I expected better.  All they could get out of great talents such as Linda Fiorentino, Chris Rock, and to a lesser degree Ben Affleck and Matt Damon is a monotonal emotionless walk-through of the script.<p>This movie is the BOMB...er I mean A BOMB.
I think Jonathan Rosenbaum, film critic for the Chicago Reader, said it the best.  This is a film about spirituality aimed at 11 year olds.  I found the film extraordinarily simplistic, boring, and obnoxious.  The charcters are really annoying, and the performances are quite bad (with Jason Lee coming across the worst as a devil like dude).  Affleck and Damon's characters end up being another variation on the know it all, smug, Gen X type who thinks he has all the answers, and enjoys pointing out everyone else's faults.  This was supposed to be Smith's "profound" film, but he's way out of his depth here.  Gen X filmmakers like Smith are not known for tackling big subjects, and when Kevin tries to tackle the heavy questions of existence here, he fails miserably.  Even though the film is a comedy, it still fails to really get into anything worthwhile.  It comes across as "existence for dummies".  Smith's previous film, Chasing Amy (his best in my opinion), is actually more profound than this film is.  It's an overly silly movie about religion.  I was just offended by the bad acting and filmmaking, not by the so-called "blasphemy" of the film.  The Catholic Church who protested this film were fools for doing so.  There's nothing worth bothering about here.
This is without any doubt, the worst film I ever had the misfortune to see. Truly, impressively, stunningly awful, pretentious, stupid... just bad.
I found DOGMA to be such a monumental waste of time that it set a real precedent in my life for a wasted evening.  As someone who can enjoy almost any well-intentioned movie this film was a total waste of time, energy and resources.  Since I am a lifelong confirmed horror and sci-fi fan I am not the least "high brow", nor do I hold any strong opinions regarding organized religion. I also would not consider myself to be prudish in any way and irreverence towards organized religion has never bothered me enough to spoil a good film.<br /><br />When I went to the theater to see DOGMA I was on vacation in Newport Road Island with my wife when a trusted friend recommended that we see this film. The party in question shall remain nameless, but after seeing this movie I questioned his sincerity and certainly his advice from that day on. We also were not able to see the very excellent GREEN MILE which was also playing, and I suppose I regret missing that film as much as catching this one.<br /><br />I am also dismayed at the number of multi-star votes this film received on Amazon. It would appear that the producer, director or some vast left wing conspiracy must be members of a large "family" (or some other organization) who have a vested interest in this film.  I simply can't believe the outcome of the Amazon statistics. Someone has been stuffing the ballot box!
"Dogma," a film by Kevin Smith, is, in my opinion, a trite and confused bit of religious non-sense.  In one scene the characters appear to throw religion out the window in the interest of good-natured, irreverant fun, until all of it comes to a screeching halt, and the viewers find themselves suffering through sudden moments of sobriety in which either Matt Damon or his bland side-kick, Ben deliver their own silly attempts at homiletics.<br /><br />Don't waste your money.  Pass this one by.
Not clever, not funny.  With the amount of talent in this movie, how could someone miss so badly?  This movie is aboslutely one of the worst I have ever seen.
I should note that I didn't come from a Catholic family, so I'm not in the potential audience for this film.  Never the less, this fact is no excuse for 'Dogma's being as mindbogglingly annoying as it is.  Every character, every damn one of them is agonizingly obnoxious, it's just unbelievable.  Any one of them could cripple a scene all by his or herself, yet there are often many of the on the screen at once.  Take the most involved scene in this film then add in, say, Kathy Griffin and Chris Tucker, and it would cause my head to explode within seconds.  Frankly, I'd probably be better off.<br /><br />Still, every time this thing comes on TV, which is about every other day on Comedy Central, I can't help but watch a little of it.  I don't know why.  Do I hate myself? Am I a masochist?  Or do I have to prove to myself every time I see it that it's really as bad as I think it is?  Suffice to say, this isn't necessarily the worst movie I've ever seen, but I honestly can't think of a single movie that I HATE more than 'Dogma'.<br /><br />Grade: F<br />(P.S. I read that the DVD comes with 100(!) mintues of deleted scenes.  This thought makes me tremble in horror.  It's best not to contemplate such things.)
This has to be the worst DVD I ever bought!  Not only was the movie boring, but it was also quite annoying due to the extremely terrible acting -- Ben Affleck and Matt Damen needed to be smacked for their horrid performances in this film.  The only characters that manage to draw any giggles or smiles at all were Jay and Silent Bob, but well... that's been done before already, and it's just not enought to carry the whole movie.  See this movie only if you want to get a good baseline of what bad acting, script and film work are.
I must say that is one of the best movies I've ever seen; it's so sacrilegious and funny that it's impossible not to enjoy it. A must have in your collection.
Some find it odd that some one of my most oft-repeated sayings when discussing religion in serious conversations comes from a Kevin Smith movie -- "I think it's better to have ideas. You can change an idea. Changing a belief is trickier." But I think that that line alone made this movie more than just a screwball comedy, controversial for the sake of being controversial. "Dogma" has some actual messages to get across, and it just happens to do it in a much more enjoyable way than, say, "The Passion."<p>The movie follows a disillusioned Catholic woman (Linda Fiorentino) on her journey, ordered by Metadron (Alan Rickman), to stop two fallen angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) from reentering heaven, thus rendering God's word reversible and ending the world as we know it. Along the way, she encounters workers of God, prophets, and the missing thirteenth apostle (Chris Rock, my favorite part of the movie). I'm not going to reveal any more of the plot, except to say that Alanis Morissette makes a pretty unexpected (and funny, when you consider the absurdity of it) appearance.<p>The great thing about "Dogma" is that it always seems to know exactly what it's doing. There's parts when it's supposed to be screwball humor (which is most of it), and parts when it's supposed to be more serious. It blends these two perfectly together, and the result makes you laugh and think at the same time. Truthfully, not many movies can do that. Sure, some may watch it only for the appearance of Kevin Smith regulars Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Smith himself, respectively) but if you look deeper, there's some real substance to this movie. It's not a bashing of the Catholic church; it's simply a movie that reminds you to ask questions. Highly recommended unless you're an easily offended Catholic.
While I am a fan of Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, and usually Alan Rickman, and was raised Catholic so I can appreciate some of the jokes, this is close to the worst movie I've ever seen.  It gets one star because some of the performances are good, even if the story is dubious.  Sorry twentysomethings. The poop monster was right out of South Park humor, or perhaps Beevis and Butthead-also not my favorites.  And Alanis Morrisette as God?  Please.
Both my husband and I came very near to walking out of this film in the theater. Matt and Ben were funny together in the past so we thought this was going to be a real treat. Well, the acting, production values, script, dialogue, intellectual depth - just everything about this thing was severely subpar. I can't believe they're trying to resurrect this piece of crap for new, unsuspecting audiences. Yes, I can believe it. Incredible.
I wasn't offended by the subject matter of the movie, I was appalled by the writer's sophormoric views on religion. Read the Bible, don't waste your time watching this over rated piece of trash.
Personally, I am a crude, profain marine.  Until I saw this show I thought nothing could offend me.  This group of usually good actors crosses the line.  I watched this show with a party of twenty-something people---none of them particularly religious---who all wanted to take a shower after watching this sickening show. Unless you aspire to be just like Maralyn Manson, you will wish you didn't watch it.  I consider seeing this movie one of the worst two hours I have ever spent.
Forget about what your read from people giving this a one star effort because they say its "offensive" or "anti-religious", its a one star effort because we have a great cast here that is wasted on what is clearly Kevin Smith's worst movie. As I watched the first half-hour, I was waiting for something to be funny, and it just wasn't. I was felt like I was wasting my time, so I finally hit the stop button, as I couldnt bear to watch another minute of this snooze-fest. Believe me when I tell you that I find everything amusing, hell I even bust out laughing when watching Spongebob Squarepants. If you are a fan of Kevin Smiths films, please stay away from this one. Go into your collection and watch Mallrats on Clerks again.
WORST MOVIE I EVER SAW.  THERE IS SO MUCH SWEARING, YOU NEED A LOT OF SOAP JUST TO CLEAN IT UP.  THERE IS NO FUN IN THIS MOVIE AND NO HAPPINESS.  JUST BLOODY SENSELESS KILLING.  THE MOVIE MOCKS THE CATHOLIC RELIGION WITCH IS VERY DISTASTEFUL.  DON'T BUY THIS IF YOU HAVE GOOD VALUES.
This shallow film is but pretentious garbage for the new age crowd who think they've found a profound message in their little crystal beads and yoga books.  Although somewhat creative in terms of plot, the script and acting are about as shallow as the pompous message it seeks to propagate.<br /><br />The story follows two fallen angels played by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon who know a way to return to heaven without God knowing it; thereby proving Her imperfect and bringing an end to Her supposedly perfect creation. Yes, to keep up with modern liberal trends God decided to have a sex change operation for this movie.  A woman named Bethany (Linda Fiorentino) is called upon by two stoner prophets (Smith and Jason Mewes) to take her safely to her destination to stop God's errant angels.  The blunt messages passing off as subtly symbolic are laughable (i.e. the new Virgin Mary working in an abortion clinic.)  Wow! What creative powers of imagination!  Maybe they should have made their points more subtle such as Jay and Silent Bob using condoms for example or Chris Rock as the 13th apostle being not only married but polygamous.  Why not have the female God get a divorce while they're at it?  But since this screenplay is an attack on Christian hippocricy, why name Matt Damon's  hesitant protagonist character 'Loki' (a mischevious Nordic god having nothing to do with Christianity) while virtually every other character has a biblical name? To appear creative I suppose.  Perhaps the most irritating was Alanis Morissette as God: as if her singing isn't bad enough we have to watch her act too? Yes, of course! Let's have another retro-60s hippie high on acid passing as God to show how pious the tasteless fashions and mannerisms of that period were! C-o-o-o-l d-u-u-d-e! The fact that she was silent throughout was the one good thing about her acting in this film.  The only good performance in this film was by Alan Rickman as the voice of God but his role lasted only 10 minutes (fortunately for him as it avoided a lot of embarrassment.)<br /><br />I am agnostic and, quite frankly, I'd rather sit through 2 hours of Catholic mass than watch this phoney attempt at intellectualism and spiritualism.  Spare me! The people involved in this film have too little of an intellect to work on such grandiose themes: they need to stay with silly little things  worthy of their childish talents like 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back' for example.  Avoid at all costs!
When one sits down with a group of film producers and suggests that he wants to do a humorous film about religion, I'm sure that there is a bit of hesitance.  But luckily for us, Kevin Smith, the writer and director of  such movies as Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy, has hit another winner  with Dogma.  The movie begins with a disclaimer, and rightfully so,  about how this is a piece of fiction and not some hostile take-over of  organized religion.  Despite that, this film was met with harsh criticism,  debate, and even protesters from members and leaders of the Catholic  Church. Shortly after, we meet the movie's protagonist, Bethany (Linda  Fiorentino), an employee at an abortion clinic whose Catholic faith seems  to be dwindling by the minute.  She is no longer moved by her faith; she  thinks that God is dead.  She couldn't be any more wrong.  As she reaches  the low point in her faith, she is spoken to by the Angel of God (Alan  Richman) who challenges her to a mission for God:  she is charged with  saving the world.  Bethany is joined by the staple characters of a Kevin  Smith film, Jay (Jason Mewes) and Silent Bob (Kevin Smith).  Further  rounding out the rather notable cast is George Carlin as a Cardinal and  Chris Rock as an apostle.  Her quest is so direly important due to a  glitch in Catholic teaching.  Two fallen angels, Bartleby (Ben Affleck) and  Loki (Matt Damon), who have been banished to earth by God because they quit  their Angel duties, have discovered a way back to heaven.  They learned  that during a rededication of a cathedral in New Jersey, all of the sins of  those who pass through the doors of the church would be forgiven.  This  process is known as plenary indulgence.  The reason that this must be  prevented is that anything that goes against the word of God proves him  wrong.  That would undo creation and end life as we know it. This movie  seems to assemble an unusual array of concepts and ideas.  The most obvious  one is the contradiction in a film that speaks of religion and yet has  gratuitous use of profanity.  This movie makes many jokes at organized  religion, particularly Catholicism, incorporates some low-brow humor, and  even manages to squeeze in a bit of intellectual and constructive criticism  of religion.  Though one would assume that a movie that strives to have  such mass appeal would have little thoughtful ideology behind the very  faith that they are criticizing, that is where this movie becomes  unexpectedly good.  The jokes that poke fun at Catholicism are funny, yet  poignant.  They all seem to unite behind the movie's overwhelming support  of Christianity and faith, if you watch it long enough to realize that.  Those who dismiss this movie as purely an attack on organized religion  failed to fully comprehend the movie and understand the point that Kevin  Smith sought to make.  This movie's focus appears to be to provoke  thought.  For each criticism there is of organized religion, there is a  suggestion as to how to make faith more true, alive, and personal.  It  seems as though the movie operated on enough levels so that one who has no  knowledge of Catholicism could be entertained and a bit enlightened.  Yet  one with a deep knowledge of the faith could, with an open mind, leave  feeling refreshed about their faith, with a few new ideas, and certainly  something to think about.  The movie's portrayal of God is also  refreshing.  Instead of the God who judges from on high, we are met with a  different one.  For this film, Smith emphasizes God as a loving,  compassionate God, with an almost childlike love for humanity.  I found  this to be the most refreshing and insightful portrayal I have seen for  God.  I commend Smith on his writing of this character, but I do have one  problem with it: the actor.  Though the actor that he chose portrayed him  well (I won't reveal the actor, I don't want to spoil the ending), he  should have taken into account any preconceived notions the audience would  have about the actor before choosing them for the part.  I saw the audience  collectively shake its head and say "Why?" when we found out who God was.  As I have previously mentioned, the story was well written and all of the  actors did a commendable job on their characters, but one thing still  struck me as incongruous with the rest of the film.  Though all of the  religious jokes were in good taste and did have a valid point, one of the  comic relief characters, Jay, seemed to bring his character to such a  vulgar level that it ruined some moments.  I understand that some things  need to be done to prove a point, but there were times when I felt that his  character crossed the line of good taste.  In all, one must see this  movie how it was intended, as a work of fiction.  Though it caused  controversy, that argument got people thinking about their faith, and that  was the point of the movie.  If it is approached with an open mind, this  movie poses many questions and valid suggestions that can leave one feeling  a bit renewed about their faith.  And if not, at least you heard the F-word  a few dozen times.
I went into Dogma with relatively high hopes.  After all, the team of Affleck and Damon seemed relatively intelligent, relatively imaginative, and successful enough to push something original past the studio types.  I was wrong.  Dogma is a cynical, self-important little film that takes on big topics.  But unlike inspired, creative films that often hold up well in such fights, Dogma is like a frail, blind tabby in a cat fight.  It's so busy tripping over topics and ideas that can't get its paws on, that you want to turn your eyes away in embarassment.<p>The worst part of Dogma is the odd preachiness of it, as if some half-baked philosophy major is trying to explain the Truth to you after a half-dozen Amaretto sours at the college pub.  You can almost imagine the sophmoric sessions where such &quot;great&quot; ideas surfaced, including the &quot;inspired&quot; decision to to cast George Carlin as a Cardinal.  (&quot;He's Catholic, man!  Do you get it?  You should hear his early albums where he talks about Catholic school!  How cool is that!  Wouldn't it be awesome if ...&quot;)  That's one of the problems with Hollywood.  Filmmakers are a bright, iconoclastic lot in general, but they usually are neither well-read nor particularly insightful.  And maybe that is appealling to the large group of 18 to 35 year olds who wouldn't know Erasmus if he hit them over the head with a lectern.  But for anyone looking for a genuine, intelligent satire about organized religion, skip this and get The Meaning of Life.
Ah, Mooby...<p>Kevin Smith is one of the hottest young filmmakers today. And it is no wonder, he makes great films--Clerks (what he did on such a small budget and his work as an indie film), Chasing Amy (not your typical Kevin Smith movie, but a great film, Dogma (the best of what he has done), and even Mallrats was good, though it did poorly at the box office and Jay and Silent Bob Strikes Back (his spoof of himself). But Dogman is his crowning achievement.<p>Dogma is easily in the top 100 movies ever made. Smith's dialogue is on par. It's a great satire as well as a philosophical/theological statement (the thinking man's movie). And done his way--the independant way. Smith does a great job directing, and his script is well-written (though he is flexible enough to make changes while shooting). And Smith and his producer Scott Mosier do their own editing--a real bonus as it helps keep the director's vision alive.<p>Smith also pulls out some great performances in this film. Linda Fiorentino plays the main role of Bethany Sloane. She does a good job, but her performance is below the rest of the cast. She is just a little too low-key. Matt Damon gives a brilliant performance, and even Ben Affleck (and actor I have little respect for) gives a solid performance, though he tends to be upstaged by Damon. Alan Rickman gives a respectable performance. Chris Rock and Salma Hayek are wonderful. Jason Lee is great, as he always is (easily the best performance of the film). Of course you have Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith as our favorite duo - Jay and Silent Bob. Great job guys. And there are good performances by George Carlin, Alanis Morissette (a particularly hard role since there is no dialogue), Janean Grafalo (oh how I wish she had been casted as Bethany, the role was made for her), Better Aberlin (as the Nun--you know which one), Dwight Ewell, Ethan Suplee (as the Golgothan), and of course Walt Flanagan. There are a few glitches and a few casting questions, but overall Smith pulls great work out of his actors. <p>As a dvd, Smith puts together a #1 package for his fans. First of all it comes in a nice slipcover case instead of that cheap packaging so man dvds come in. His menus are interactive, cartoonish, and very entertaining. There's this odd 'grandma' lady running around the dvd. She's great. There are two commentaries. The first is your typical Kevin Smith commentary: the cast and crew sitting around, eating, and cracking jokes, occasionally talking about the movie. and of course, you have Affleck hamming it up trying to get the spotlight on him with absolutely nothing to say. The second commentary is a technical commentary, with only Kevin Smith, Scott Mosier (producer, and it was his idea to do this track), and Vincent Pererra (View Askew 'official' historian). This commentary focuses on 'the how' of how the film was made. A value for any independant filmmaker, especially since Smith doesn't fall back on money and CGI. It's a shame he didn't include a commentary track like this on his previous films (but maybe there were enough complaints and that is why we have it here). And on disc 2 - There are over and hour and half of deleted scenes, storyboards (for the mooby sequence, triplet attack sequence, and no man attack sequence), outtakes, the trailer, and advertisement for Kevin Smith's comic books store Jay and Silent Bob's Secret Stash, and one of the most interestingly done filmographies/biographies I've ever seen on a dvd. This is how dvds should be done. All you other filmmakers and distributors, take a good, long look at this dvd, and learn from Kevin Smith. This is what we pay for, this is what we want (in addition to a good movie).<p>And I end with this: picture it--the Buddy Christ.
I've been a huge fan of both George Carlin and Janeane Garofalo, so you'd think when this movie originally came out I'd be one of the first people in line to see it.<br /><br />But for some strange reason I didn't see it in the theatre, and when it came out on DVD I just never got around to buying it (or even renting it).<br /><br />So, here it is approximately a dozen years later and I've FINALLY seen it, and it was FANTASTIC!  One of the best movies ever!!<br /><br />And while both George Carlin and Janeane Garofalo were great in this move, my favorite lines actually came from an actor that I had totally ignored up until this point.  I am speaking of course about Alan Rickman, who played a crusty and very annoyed Angel.  Rickman's performance of this long suffering and much complaining Angel was FANTASTIC with an excellent mix of irony, dry humor, and compassion.<br /><br />I will watch this movie again and again and again and again.  It is JUST THAT GOOD!!
I missed seeing this movie in the theatres, largely because the people in charge of promoting and advertising the movies did such a horrible job trying to get me into the theatres.  The TV commercials I saw only told me the names of the actors and actresses in the movie and NOTHING about the plot.  As a result I really wasn't interested.<br /><br />It wasn't until AFTER I heard the Catholic Church was on a crusade to keep people from watching this movie, that I wanted to see it.  Every time a Church or community or "morals" group tries to keep from watching a movie, it automatically makes me want to see it.<br /><br />I am now VERY glad I saw it.  This is one of the BEST movies I've ever seen!<br /><br />I had never seen Alan Rickman in a movie before, but his performance as a sarcastic, grumpy angel with a very dry, British wit sold me on him for life.  I seek his movies out now!  He's wonderful!<br /><br />Of course Alan Rickman isn't the only great thing about this movie.  George Carlin as Cardinal Glick with his WOW campaign to bring the Catholic Church into the twenty-first century was classic!  I mean  . . You've gotta love the Buddy Christ!  Right?  I got one of those for the dashboard of my car as soon as they started selling 'em on the internet!<br /><br />And Bethany didn't have the same dry British wit as the angel, but she was sarcastic and grumpy and world weary enough that I could really relate to her.  She was a real lovable smartass.<br /><br />And yeah, the Catholic Church still hates this movie and they didn't want me to see it.  Personally I don't know what they're so afraid of.  This movie examines the Christian faith in general and Catholic dogma in particular, but it doesn't really bash Catholicism as much as it makes observations about it.<br /><br />One of my favorites came from Serendipity (Salma Hayek) who said, "You people don't celebrate your faith; you mourn it."<br /><br />I was raised Catholic and I'm here to tell you, she's 100% right!<br /><br />There were other great lines and many great performances, but I'm not going to tell you about all of them in my tiny little review.  Watch the movie for yourself and see what I'm talking about!
Good sarcastic humor, and a really entertaining movie I have seen several times, and enjoyed each viewing! I bought this move to share with a couple of friends who somehow have not seen this yet.<br /><br />You have to know at least a little about the bible in order to get ALL the jokes & references, but those who are seriously devout might not be at all amused at the fun poked at religion!
If you are a Kevin Smith fan you will love this edition of Dogma. It's basically a Blu-Ray version of the Special Edition DVD, but well worth it if you have a HD-TV!
I had no idea what this movie was about when I picked it up at the rental. Firstly, you gotta watch this movie with an open mind. What's it about? It's about God, angels, prophets and the likes and it all takes place in the modern day. It actually makes fun of them, but in a good way. This is a very funny, clever and insightful movie with great dialogues and good acting. The characters are funny but real. I don't think I have seen any other movie that's so outrageously funny and thoughtful at the same time. I look forward to watching the other movies by director Kevin Smith.
Kevin Smith, and the rest of the crew do a great job in this movie.
I love thought provoking comedies. You certainly do not have to be Catholic (in any form..lapsed, practicing, whatever) to get the most out of this movie but it does help. The film abounds with intelligent, provocative dialogue spoken by excellent actors. And it's hysterical!<br />It takes a skilled director/writer to construct a movie that can make you laugh AND think.<br />A previous reviewer suggested that the characters are all annoying. I have to disagree. The characters are well rounded. They are all fleshed out by tremendous actors. The performances are believable.<br />It has also been suggested that this film is irreverent. Well, possibly, but a little irreverence is what makes most smart comedies fly.<br />Have fun with this movie. Watch and listen to it's keen perception of religion and faith. But most of all enjoy the brilliant comedy, first class performances and captivating plot.
If you are obsessed, as I am, with the works of the very underrated Kevin Smith, then you can enjoy this Collectors Edition with no worries about lack of content or even worry about having seen everything that there is to see in the movie Dogma.
"Dogma" has got to be one of the most orignal movies that I have ever seen. It is a religious comedy that is always funny and always interesting. The only thing that you could do during "Dogma" is to listen to the dialouge. It works so well and the dialouge is often used by people just because it is so fresh and things like that have never been said before. The same has to do with most of writer/director Kevin Smith's work. He is the one who brought us the great movie "Clerks," and other comedy greats like "Mallrats," and "Chasing Amy." I've only seen four of the five movies that Kevin Smith made, but this one is probally my favorite because of its story. I love the story and I love the humor. Crude, yet appropiate for the movie. People often wonder WHY this movie has such strong profanity and crude and sexual humor, but those people just don't seem ot understand. These are the kind of characters that use profanity and crude humor. Its just that kind of person, like you and me. Kevin Smith makes these characters perfect which is another reason why this movie works so well.<p>The star of the movie is Bethany Sloan, who works at an abortion clinic, and has to deal with the protestors with signs like "Child Murderer." Events in her life has began to question her belief in God, but everything changes when she meets Metatron, the voice of God, who has a job for her. Cardinal Glick has designed a Church during its 100th year that has an archway that could lead to return of two banished angels Bartleby and Loki. Since God banished them, and his choice is infallible, it would prove that God is wrong, and the universe would just be nothing. The church is in New Jersey and Bethany is aided by two "prophets" by the names of stoners Jay and Silent Bob. Jay lets Bethany go along with him on the hopes of being able to sleep with her in the end, and Silent Bob, barely speaks. They also meet Rufus the 13th apostle who is never heard of and is now forgotten, and Serendipity, a muse with writers block who is right now pretending to be a stripper. God becomes missing, and Bethany and her group get to New Jersey while dealing with the demon Azruel and his street hockey gang of thugs. Azruel is hoping to help the two angels so that he could get his revenge of God. Bartleby and Loki get closer and closer to New Jersey, but Bethany cannot give up all everything in the universe would just...disappear.<p>When I first saw the movie I never saw anything of its kind. I feel that when it was released it could have recieved and Oscar for Best Orignal Screenplay. It was a critically acclaimed film that has many fans, and many people who don't want to see it at all. But those are the people who are missing out of this fun. It has an all-star cast. Linda Fiorentino, George Carlin, Jason Mewes, Kevin Smith, Alan Rickman, Chris Rock. Salma Hayek, and Jason Lee, all of which have huge comedic talent and are perfect in their roles.<p>ENJOY!<p>Rated R for strong language including sex-related dialogue, violence, crude humor and some drug content.
This is my slightly edited film review, I was feeling kind of angsty at the time when I originally posted a review for this so...., well now I'm gonna tone down the angstyness(hmmm, not a real word is it?) a bit and try and make a bit more sense.<p>First I have to say, shut up to all you stupid uptight people criticising this film over its apparantly offensive content. It seemed to me like a very pro-faith movie if any of you actually bothered to watch it at all, it encourages people to at least come to their own ideas over God and religion, instead of either just blindly believing in God out of fear, or like most people, abandoning God completely due to Gods total irrellevance today in todays society. (No I don't mean that God is irrelevant, just that the church seems to make no effort to reach out and educate people about God and get them interested in real religion so to most of todays people, if they don't actually realise what God is, then why would God mean anything at all to them). I go to a christian church school and I spend a great deal of my spare time looking into philosophy - existentialism, So I do maintain an openmind and understand the messages this film is trying to convey to the viewer. (heres the ANGST - 'And personally I do not give a F**k if this film happens to offend anyone, if you don't agree with this film then fine, your opinion, but those of you who are so self-righteous that you refuse to even think about what this film is trying to convey to you, then, thats your problem.' - There is a genuine point in there somewhere though, it just hasn't been expressed very well - but basically you should at least try and view this film objectively and if your going to hate it, hate it for the excessive swearing, or poor acting, or plot or whatever, just not the religious aspect of this film - as it does essentially strike me as a pro-faith movie and is doing a hell of a lot more to get the average person interested in their spiritual selfs than the church is).<p>Now on to the actual film cast itself, overall In my opinion the film includes some very excellent and very witty dialogue. The cast are great, Kevin Smiths best film I think, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are both very good, Alan Rickman, has given much better performances, but is still very respectable in his role, and as for Chris Rock, This is the only film I've ever seen him act well in, and in this role hes not just good, hes excellent. And of course, Jay and Silent Bob, amazing and hilarious again(wooooo).<p>I can understand why some people may not appreciate the excessive swearing, violence and sexually orientated jokes, but the again thats just Kevin Smiths style so, you either love it or you hate it..........
I loved Clerks, which I hail as Kevin Smith's finest work to date.  However, a close second in my opinion is, without a doubt, Dogma.  From the starting disclaimer to the whimsical scenes with God finishing out the film, I was totally moved by this movie.  Its deep, yet funny; I originally thought that Jay &amp; Silent Bob (a staple throughout Smith's movies) would be out of place in a religious setting - I was totally wrong!  I could see the scene with Cardinal Glick (portrayed by George Carlin) introducing the &quot;Buddy Christ&quot; over and over again with the same amount of laughter.<p>The extra material, which I've been waiting ever so patiently for, is great as well.  Look for the &quot;Bethany Boo Hoo&quot; scene - one which should've made the final cut.  I did, however, find it somewhat of a relief that some scenes were deleted (the s**t demon / hospital scene was a perfect example).<p>I'm overly impressed with this special edition.  I look forward to the summer release of &quot;The Return of Jay &amp; Silent Bob&quot;.
Ok I wanted to remain silent on commenting on DOGMA until the special edition DVD came out. Well now it's here, FINALLY! And I am prepared to comment...<p>Now, in my humble opinion Kevin Smith is truly one of those filmmakers that really doesn't give himself the credit he richly deserves. I work in a video store, so, with the benefits I get to rent movies for free, and after a year or so I've seen great film (Smith's films included), but unfortunately, I also see films that are unoriginal, uninspired, and lacking substance (40% of those belonging to either Martin Lawrence or Adam Sandler). But Kevin Smith somehow manages to make something that tickles and stimulates your subconsious and makes you feel intellectually invigorated. Starting with &quot;CLERKS,&quot; the raw, gritty, and realistic look at the minimum wage hellholes that decorate our suburbs. Then the underappreciated &quot;MALLRATS&quot; a film that provoked watchers to stop a think about the things we typically never think about (i.e. the overpowering coital abilities of Superman). Third was the brutally honest and deeply emotional dramadey &quot;CHASING AMY&quot; a film that pointed out how important is is to focus on the now and also to trust your heart.<p>And then Smith's latest opus DOGMA.<p>Not since Albert Brooks' comedy &quot;MOTHER&quot; has there been a movie that gave me the desire to sit down and privately evaluate where I stand in my own life and the way I see the world, and more importantly next world. In total honestly, the people that shunned this movie needed to look past the ugly shell and see the deeper motivation of &quot;DOGMA.&quot; The implications laid forward by this film are really the most intelligent observations I've ever heard, and when I thought about them to myself I realized how much sense they've made to me. It now makes sense to me that God could be a woman, that Jesus was black and that these facts were omitted in order to hide the hardcore truth. Come to think of it those people have a mild similarity to Disney (who turned it's back on this film) obviously they don't want their audience to actually think! (Hence the succes of Pocahontas.) Fact is all of those films that dared to make the audience feel, have been given nothing but trouble (Just look at what happened to &quot;BRAZIL&quot;).<p>But Now I'll comment on the comedy and performances. I still state that Kevin Smith is still the only person who manages to make curse words sound natural and evenly balances with Smith's intelligent, and witty writing. His immortal characters Jay and Silent Bob, upon their hilariously heroic entrance seemed like an addition that would end up clashing with the idea of the film, but soon you begin to welcome their presence into the proceedings. The material as well is fresh, original, and risky. Not since &quot;Monty Python's Life of Brian&quot; was there a comedy that dared to use the gospels as a platform for off-the-wall hilarity. Only in this one, the humor is natural and is perfectly in character for this film, aided in no small part by brilliant acting. We truly see a versatility in Chris Rock we never thought was there. Damon and Affleck obviously have no trouble working off each other. Salma Hayek has successfully managed to say &quot;I'm sorry for my useless character in Wild, Wild, West,&quot; and played a role that always puts a smile on my face. Jason Lee is also a diabolical delight (as usual)as our villain Azrael. Alan Rickman is hilariously british, as Metatron, and our heroine Linda Fiorentino makes you genuinely feel for her as the film progresses. <p>But you get even more of these feelings as you watch the extras on this fully loaded Special Edition DVD. supplying us with with over 100 minutes of deleted footage. You must definitely watch the flick before you watch these scenes, so you can absorb the scenes. The scenes are more interesting to watch on their own. I agree with Kevin Smith that if the film had not been cut it would've been WAAAAAY too long, and fact is comedy was not made for 3 1/4 hours. But watching these scenes alone make some of the motivations of the film more clear to me. Plus, add Two great Commentaries from cast and crew and then you'll get a welcome addition to the View Askew DVD collection.<p>In conclusion, DOGMA has meant alot to me on a personal level. Because now, I've been provoked to give my faith a final evaluation and finally have thoughts of my own, and the fact that it's a comedy makes it moreso satisfying. You just don't get those feelings with a movie featuring a moron yelling nonsensical gibberish for an hour and a half.
This is definitely a great movie - it's frickin' hilarious! Better than that, though, is that it has a good message. &quot;Wait,&quot; I hear you say, &quot;isn't this the movie which had the Catholic church (as well as quite a few other Christian organizations) up in arms and worried about the corruption of the youth of America?&quot; Well, yes. But it's obvious from the complaints lodged against it that it wasn't viewed with the proper perspective. If anyone were to look deeper, one would see that this movie actually promotes a more profound faith. It criticizes blind following and advocates questioning, which is crucial to developing true faith. (I don't care what your religious affiliation is - if you haven't thought about it or questioned it or answered for it or admitted to yourself that you're not going to have ALL the answers, you haven't made it YOUR religion and perhaps your faith is a little shallow.) On the other hand, if you're not religious at all, you'll enjoy the movie for its excellent plot and absolutely hilarious dialogue, not to mention the return of Jay and Silent Bob, who figure greatly into the film. In any case, this IS just a movie, and anyone who thinks it'll change anyone's beliefs is a bit paranoid. Give the movie-goers some credit, ok? (If it DOES change anyone's views on religion drastically, I don't think you can blame &quot;Dogma&quot; or Kevin Smith. It has more to do with the person's apparently tenuous grasp on reality. It's just a movie!) <p>To the point: I'd recommend this to basically anyone with a sense of humour (preferably a twisted one, although it's not necesary), and/or an interesting perspective on life. Watch it even if you haven't seen the rest of the Jersey trilogy. (Though I recommend that as well - check out &quot;Clerks,&quot; &quot;Mallrats,&quot; and &quot;Chasing Amy.&quot; Then try to wait patiently for &quot;Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.&quot;) Essentially, the only people who SHOULDN'T see this movie are those who lack a sense of humour. Or Puritans.
