The highlight of this so-so interpretation of Zorro (well-portrayed by Douglas Fairbanks in the 1920 silent film classic, Guy Williams in Disney's successful 1957-1959 television series and, in my opinion, given the definitive portrayal by Duncan Regehr in the New World television series that aired from 1990-1993), is the-SPOILER WARNING!!!-swordfight between the villainous Captain & Don Diego aka Zorro. Why bother seeing this film in color when it was filmed in black-and-white? I think this  a so-so version of the character because-SPOILERS!!!-he threatens Inez and he kills the villain.
WARNING: THERE WILL BE SPOILERS FURTHER DOWN. The first thing I want to do is address the colorization. I personally support colorization and in this movie the colorization looks so good it almost looks like it was made that way. I mean seriously, what's the big deal? As long as they didn't colorize the original print and the black and white's are available I can never understand the stupidity of people up in arms over colorized films. GET OVER IT! You argue a stupid case. In fact the colorization enhances the sense of adventure. It starts off great and builds up nicely, but somewhere at the halfway point it seems to go downhill. It wastes more time on useless romance scenes. There is SOME sense of urgency, but no heroic payoff. The Zorro in costume character is barely in the movie. He doesn't rescue anyone. Even the climatic though technically better, but less exciting than Robin Hood swordfight is done by Zorro's alter ego Don Diego Vega. In fact there is no Zorro in costume in action for the last 50 something minutes of the movie. I'm not an avid fan of silent films, but I prefer the Douglas Fairbanks version to this, especially the dvd that has the original music score. If this version of The Mark Of Zorro ended with a Zorro saves the day in Zorro attire it would have been a much better movie and more worthy of the comparison to The Adventures Of Robin Hood. But it didn't. So it isn't.
How utterly disgusting - I thought colorization as a practice had long sense been abandoned because of the overwhelmingly negative public reaction to it in the 1980s. And now it rears its ugly head again at the expense of one of the great swashbuckling classics. With hundreds of unreleased treasures in their vault, Fox has the audacity to do this. I, for one, am boycotting everything Fox until they come to their senses. If they want to release classic films in color, how about "The Gang's All Here", or "Weekend in Havana", or any of the dozen or so other classic technicolor Fox musicals?
...by not buying Fox's idiotic attempt to colorize one of the great screen classics. Yikes, will they NEVER learn?!?!?
I must disagree, I love any and all b/w programs or movies in the now beautiful colorization process. I only wish Superman, Honeymooners & I Love Lucy were in color. To the blind closed minded ones who refuse to accept the current facts, it's not your father's colorized movies anymore. Today the coloring process has advanced to the point where each and every item in the picture is assigned a separate and accurate color. Have you seen the beautiful job done on the Sherlock Holmes movies, Woman In Green, Terror By Night, Secret Weapon and Dressed To Kill? Excellent, fantastic, you couldn't ask for a more beautiful picture. Not one false note in the frame, great. The colorizing being done today is truly advanced and wonderful looking. I'll choose my beautiful colorized "Casablanca" anytime over the dull drab b/w world of the standard issue b/w image. I even bought 3 copies of the Colorized Casablanca, it was such the dream come true.<br /><br />Films and TV shows were shot in b/w in the old days because it was the most economical way to shoot. It was "the standard" of the day, just as color is the standard of today. They didn't shoot in b/w because they wanted to show the beauty of a b/w picture anymore than movies today are shot in color simply because they want to exhibit the wonders of color. It was the standard, NOT an artistic hoity toity vision of b/w pureness. To the folks who only want b/w, fine enjoy, BUT PLEASE DO NOT TAKE AWAY THE PLEASUE OF COLOR FROM THE REST OF US. You may pretend to like b/w over color all you want, but if you could get off your high prentious horse for just a politically incorrect moment you would have to admit color is a natural way and a more interesting way to look at an image in monochrome. If b/w was as highly attractive as you pretend, then why is it that ALL b/w movies sold on DVD or VHS always have a color picture on the front to represent the movie it contains? Why not be honest and put on a typical b/w drab uninteresting picture of the b/w movie on the cover of the DVD? Why not use a b/w cover picture? Because no one would buy it, b/w is not attractive, it implys old, has been and out of date. A color image is of today, of the present, and does not look like an ancient relic of the past. I love watching Laurel & Hardy in color. I have all of their talkie shorts and Roach movies in color and it's just like watching a new video, not an ancient relic of a by-gone day. Color makes Laurel & Hardy seem of the present and happening now. It's a wonderful thing. Go to this Amason website below and see for yourself the beauty of a newly colorized movie. This is a great listing of all the beautiful colorized movies made today. I've bought just about every one of them, and I've not been disappointed yet.<br /><br />And to all the spoil-sports who refuse everyone the freedom to choose for themselves, color or b/w, the back of my hand to you.  These discs even contain BOTH versions, the dull, drab, boring b/w and the beautiful wonderfully illustrious colorful artful masterpiece of the lovely colorized version.  So you elitist snobs can still put on your blinders and continue to pretend to only liking b/w and buy this disc, because the b/w version is there in addition to the perfect color version.  But I'm not believing the politically correct crowd for one minute, for all their false indignation, I just know they are secretly basking in the glorious color version, while of course, denying ever watching it.  You just know, given the choice, anyone with any taste at all will naturally choose to watch the color version, who wants to see a ugly b/w picture when a wonderful color one is right there beside it.  I LOVE COLORIZATION and love even more calling the bluffs of all the so-called members of the good-taste society who PRETEND not to like colorization, but watch hungily any and all color movies, as well they should.  Too bad they just can't admit colorization's superiortiy over the sleep-inducing b/w image.<br /><br />Buy this & all colorized movies, you won't be disappointed, they look great today.  Colorization has come a long long way from when it first started.  BRAVOISIMO, more colorized movies please, I can't wait to buty the next one!  The perfect world?  When all b/w movies and tv shows are colorized, then we'll have paradise.
I support the studio's decision to colorize old films and they are doing an excellent job, Hello!, they are giving you a choice, they are not forcing you into only having the colorized versions, I am sick of all this boycott this studio, boycott that studio, are the studio's double dipping so to speak because they come up with better versions of the same film, the answer is no, these versions are improved(Exponentially) by the studio's investment(Their's not ours), and I hope they continue, I realize that reviewers who don't earn a decent wage are probably scrambling to afford a single DVD a week, but if you don't like colorized classic films turn the color off when you watch them. The studio's are making old films available that were never available before and I salute them, keep up the good work!!
THE MARK OF ZORRO is a better interesting book. Zorro is always fighting for the peoples rights. HE is in love with this woman MS. Lolita. But in order to get her love he needs to fight and for her love. I do recommender but it needs more details.
Let's face it...color is natural...black and white isn't. There is no such thing as "Glorious Black & White" when it comes to film. As has been stated before, they used it in the early days because that was all they had, and later because color was too expensive, and was used mostly for the big "epics" like GONE WITH<br /><br />THE WIND, THE TEN COMMANDMENTS, etc. I wish they would colorize all the old b&w classics, especially the westerns. After I got my first color tv in the mid 60's, I never wanted to watch anything in black & white again. I don't understand what the beef is. For those who don't like colorization, I'm sure the B&W versions will always be available. Some people just can't stand progress.
This is arguably the best film version of Johnston McCulley's costumed swordfighter of old California, beating out both the 1920s Douglas Fairbanks film and the recent Banderas/Hopkins blockbuster (although both are good films in their own rights). <p>What this film has is Golden Age Hollywood style in spades: glamourous photography, music, and star power. It has less action than you might expect, and Tyrone Power actually spends very little time in the Zorro costume -- he's in his 'civilian' duds for the whole finale. But the film is such good-natured fun and director Mamoulian has such a solid handle on the material that it hardly matters. The romance and comedy are also well executed and finely balanced with the physical action. <p>Speaking of action, the big duel between Tyrone Power and Basil Rathbone is a stunner, an amazing piece of combat choreography. As a bonus, Fox Home Video has mixed the film in stereo; very rare for a film of the period. The disc also has a 45 minute episode of &quot;Biography&quot; about Tyrone Power. It spends only a minute on THE MARK OF ZORRO, but it does show a priceless outtake of Power dressed in the Zorro costume making fun of studio boss Darryl Zanuck. Even if you don't watch the whole documentary, make sure you speed through it to catch this riotous old Hollywood prank.
Beautiful faces, gorgeous b&amp;w photography, an array of old Hollywood's best character actors, brawling and tumultous fight scenes, probably the best sword fight ever filmed, and a rousing musical score that must have sent people almost dancing out of theaters with big smiles on their faces in 1940 - and will still make you smile in your living room.  And dialogue laced with wit and humor as well as drama.  Now THIS is what a Hollywood action movie should be!  <p>This is one of the all-time best.  Got the blues?  This ought to chase them right away.  Really got the blues?  Try a double-feature of this with Flynn's The Adventures of Robin Hood.  And you can keep all the Wars and Treks in the stars.  They are made by mere children as compared to these old pros.<p>Why doesn't Tyrone Power have a cult of his own today?  He was handsome and versatile, and a good actor whose performances hold up better than many of his competitors'.  Ty Power's the Man!
Classic is the one word that I could truly use to properly describe Twentieth Century Fox's 1940 version of "The Mark Of Zorro". Forget all the previous versions and certainly the latest remake  with Antonio Banderas, this is the supreme version in regard to storytelling, casting, sets, excitement and unforgettable sword play. It boasts Tyrone Power's finest performance by far in my opinion and it also contains one of the most exciting and dramatically staged sword fights in the history of film swashbucklers (with the possible exception of Errol Flynn's duel with Basil Rathbone in "The Adventures of Robin Hood").<p>"The Mark Of Zorro" directed by veteran director Rouben Mamoulian, is old fashioned movie making at its very best. It contains an exciting storyline with frequent dashes of daring action sequences, excellent sword play, a tender romance between Tyrone and the very beautiful Linda Darnelland a sweeping, energetic musical score which is just right for this production.<p>Tyrone Power scored a great personal triumph in this role of the effeminate Don Diego de Vega by day, and the dashing and daring Zorro by night.  It is the role which really became his trademark performance much as "Gone With The Wind" is for Clark Gable. Forever after Zorro has been identified as possibly his greatest role and the character he was most identified with. By 1940 Tyrone Power had reached his Box Office  peak with a string of huge Box Office successes like "In Old Chicago" "Marie Antoinette", "Suez", "Jesse James", "Rose of Washington Square" and "Johnny Apollo". Zorro was the role of a life time and came along also just as his extraordinary good looks had matured enough to make him totally convincing as the fop by day and dashing bringer of justice by night. It is a performance filled with a vital energy, dashing spirit and the right element of tongue in cheek bravado.<p>The production of "The Mark Of Zorro" was one of Twentieth Century Fox's biggest productions of the year. The attention to detail in sets and importantly in costumne is immaculate and really recreates that feeling of old California of the nineteenth century. The film benefits greatly from the superb supporting cast without which any film of this size would be lost. The beautiful Linda Darnell was only starting to come into prominence at this time and she makes a very effective love interest for Tyrone here in the role of Lolita. Her role might be really window dressing but she is most effective in her brief scenes. The wonderful Basil Rathbone, swordsman extraordinaire, is superb as always as the corrupt and cruel Captain Pasquale and he brings the right elements of menace and slippery sophistication to his role to turn in another stunning performance much like his performance of two years before in<br />"The Adventures Of Robin Hood" . Equally villianous and equally delightful in the cast line up are  Gale Sondergaard, arch villianess of many films, and J. Edward Bromberg as the cowardly but corrupt governor Don Luis Quintero and his vain wife Inez . They are excellent in their scenes and Bromberg in particular has a field day with his very amusing role as the ruthless replacement governor who is bleeding the local peasants dry in taxation but is a  coward afraid of his own shadow. His scenes are very amusing where he is reduced to a blubbering mass of fears during Zorro's nocturnal visits to his headquarters and proves to be no match for the daring Zorro who always manages to leave his signature "Z" in conspicious places.<p>I cannot recommend "The Mark Of Zorro" highly enough and if for nothing else it is worth seeing for the superb fencing sequence between Power and Rathbone which is a classic of its kind and one of the most memorable dueling sequences ever put on film. Some individuals believe it's a pity that the photography is in black and white but I personally feel it suits the story well and never have Tyrone Power and Linda Darnell looked more attractive than in this production. Enjoy "The Mark Of Zorro" as the high spirited entertainment that it is and as a tribute to the mastery that was Hollywood film making in its Golden Age. Films really don't come better than the 1940 version of "The Mark Of Zorro"
The Mark of Zorro is one of my all time favorites, and it is a movie that needs nothing to improve it.  Classic swashbuckling adventure set in old California.  And the black-and-white version that is on this DVD is a treat to watch--pristine in every way.  It was with some trepidation that I put on the new color version.  What had they done to my dear Tyrone Power?  Yet when I viewed the new color version, I felt that I was getting to experience the beauty of the motion picture in a whole new and different way.  It brought out detail that I had not seen before.  The colorization process is light years ahead of any I have seen previously, and for awhile I forgot this was ever in black-and-white to begin with.  It really breathes new life into this classic.  I admit I watched the whole movie again!  What a treat to be able to enjoy this movie in a new way.  Great idea, and great special edition.  Highly recommend!
I first caught The Mark of Zorro (both the Tyrone Power and Douglas Fairbanks versions) on TV a few years ago during the hype for the Mask of Zorro movie, and immediately fell in love with them. While I've been raised on modern Hollywood cinema, these were movies that still held great appeal for me. Specifically for the Tyrone Power version, we get a quick, witty adventure with fantastic swordfights and great chemistry between Power and Linda Darnell. The whole production charms in that golden age Hollywood way, without suffering from the cheesiness that people usually associate with older flicks. It's one of my favourite movies.<br /><br />About the DVD: While I'm a film purist in that "widescreen is better than foolscreen" kinda way, I must admit I found some novelty value in the colourized version we get here. I'm not familiar with the process, so maybe that's why I'm impressed by what I see. The colours aren't as rich as they would be if the movie was filmed in colour, but they do give me a new perspective on what the costumes and set design could've looked like (not sure if Fox dug into the vaults to find the original colours, or just came up with their own). Plus, as long as studios continue to offer the original black and white versions as Fox has done here, I can't find fault with them. The set also comes with 6 reprints of photos from the movie set, which are a nice bonus.<br /><br />I got this disc dirt cheap, and it's more entertaining than most films these days. Definitely worth the purchase for any movie fan.
Rouben Mamoulian's THE MARK OF ZORRO, adapted from <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0812540077">The Mark of Zorro</a>, a book Johnston McCulley wrote in 1919, is one of these films I discovered between the age of 10 and 15 on TV and which are the reason why I love movies so much. The action is so fast that you'll forget after five minutes that THE MARK OF ZORRO is in black and white.<br /><br />Linda Darnell was 17 when she starred in the film, the exact age of Lolita Quintero, Zorro's love, and she still ignites the screen. Basil Rathbone is the villain by essence, the guy you'll love to hate and Tyrone Power plays to the perfection the double role of Don Diego Vega/Zorro, the coward and the hero. I showed the film last night to my children (9 and 12) and they simply loved it. As I did some 35 years ago.<br /><br />A DVD zone your library.
This remarkable film (loosely based on the Zorro stories of Johnston McCulley) has everything one could ask for from a swashbuckling adventure story . . . excellent acting, a wonderful script and the inspired direction of Ruben Mamoulian.  Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, and Basil Rathbone are outstanding as the exciting hero, his true love, and the deliciously evil Captain Esteban Pasquale.  An inspired supporting cast including J. Edward Bromberg, Eugene Pallette, Gale Sondergaard, and Montagu Love convinces you that this is California of the 1820's.  Excellent pacing moves the story forward from adventure to adventure, finally culminating in that magnificent duel between Power and Rathbone, between justice and tyranny.  The clever use of humor, and the innocent yet passionate love that grows steadily between Power and Darnell (the Villain's niece), adds dimension to the characters and makes us care about them.  This is a film that deserves to be seen again and again!
Tyrone Power, a highly underrated actor, was born to play "Zorro".Everything about his performance is perfect,his comedic timing is flawless.The entire is first-rate.Eugene Pallette as the Padre,Basil Rathbone as a dastardly villian,J.Edward Bromberg (as a corrupt Gov.-very funny),the beautiful Gale Sondergaard as his unfaithful wife,and Linda Darnell as Brombergs' ultra-beautiful niece.The score by Alfred Newman and the direction  by  Rouben Mamoulian is letter perfect.The disc contains the original black and white verson and the colorized version.Being a movie purist I stick with the original.
First, I'll agree with all the other posters on the quality of the story and acting. Swashbuckling, action fun in a way that simply doesn't get made anymore. If you enjoyed Adventures of Robin Hood with Errol Flynn, you'll like this one too - two of the actors from Robin Hood even appear in Zorro in almost identical roles.<br /><br />So, now to the annoying feature that lost this particular version a star: that stupid anti-piracy ad in the beginning of the colorized version that you can't skip past. I appreciate having the option to watch either the color version or the B&W, but if I have to sit through that 30-second torture every time I want to watch the color version, I think I'll stick to the B&W one.
It's always a privilege to have a black and white version alongside a color version in the same set.  You can perhaps appreciate the way the lighting is used more with black and white, but color also enhances a film a lot, ESPECIALLY a costume film like this one.  This movie, interestingly enough, is more of a comedy than an adventure!  The greatest enjoyment for me comes from seeing Zorro scare the cowardly tyrant, the tyrant trying to get Basil Rathbone (his bellicose assistant) to stop playing nervously with things, and Zorro giving that disgusting laugh as he pretends to be effete.  In fact, Zorro is a lot more like "the Scarlet Pimpernel" than Robin Hood.  I feel the movie is also cleverly written, which is important in a comedic adventure.  In addition, it has an extremely polished sword fight which, I've read, is considered the greatest ever done on film.  By the way, Zorro's father, his friar, and the main villain, Basil Rathbone, are all on the Errol Flynn Robin Hood.
This edition has been wonderfully restored, though I refused to watch the colorized verison.  The movie itself sets the tone for so many other Zorro movies and Power does a great job switching between the two personnas.  Of course, the highlight of the film is the sword fight between Power and Rathbone---Both were highly trained in fencing and it shows in the scene---no stuntmen and no long shots.  It will spoil you for such battles in other films, where all they did was speed up the film.<br /><br />Extras---there was an edition of Biography, on Tyrone Power, but that was about it.  Sadly, few DVD manufacturers bother to actually spend any time with interviews or the like.<br /><br />Otherwise, well worth adding to your library.
This is I believe the best Zorro movie out there, the one that caught best the spirit of the original story by Johnston McCulley (though it is still not a perfectly faithful adaptation). Tyrone is simply the best foppish Diego you could think of, his acting is amazing in this movie. And.. don't forget the epic fight between him and none other than Basil Rathbone!<br />This DVD came as a surprise to me... I bought it for its low price (10$) and lo and behold, this edition is just the best out there! You get both colorized and original B&W versions of the movie, as well as the Biography episode of Tyrone Power himself... the best bonus on the DVD! There is also great postcard photos from the movie itself, in sepia color.
Of all of the "Zorro" movies made, this is by far the best.  Tyrone Power is perfect as Don Diego de Vega.  Who could ask for anything more with Basil Rathbone as sinister Captain Pasquale.  Both stars bring the best to this movie which can be enjoyed by anyone of any age.
Under Mamoulian's sure-footed direction, only Power could one-up Douglas Fairbanks with this rousing remake of the 1920 silent classic--still the zingiest and most technically dazzling "Zorro" of the bunch. Power is so adept at shifting from the slightly doltish Don Diego to the heroic masked avenger that it's difficult to imagine anyone else in the role. Among the fabulous supporting cast, Rathbone stands out as Zorro's loathsome nemesis, Bromberg and Gale Sondergaard are delightful as the ruthless regents, and Darnell is winning as the love interest. Daring horseback rides, thrilling duels, exquisite cinematography...What more could you want in a swashbuckler?
Tyrone Power - the swashbuckling answer to Errol Flynn - is cast as the agile masked avenger who decides to take up the people's cause in disguise leaving his 'mark' "Z" everywhere, on walls, coach, wooden barrels and human chest...<br /><br />Power - in a double leading role - is at his best as Zorro, climbing, jumping, riding and fencing, determined to finish with tyranny and oppression by terrorizing, and retrieving taxation funds and by challenging a cunning officer, proving in public his indifference, his ostentation and irony as a perfect pacifist fop in 19th-Century Spanish California, confusing and deceiving his aristocratic father Don Alejandro Vega (Montagu Love), the deposed Alcalde...<br /><br />The inspired casting (in supporting roles) recalls "The Adventures of Robin Hood."<br /><br />Linda Darnell is the pretty Lolita, Quintero's charming niece, who loves the mysterious hero and can't tolerate the fop until she is told that they are the image of the same person...<br /><br />Basil Rathbone, one of the most durable of screen villains who has mastered stage fencing but never won a Swordfight, plays the cruel captain Esteban Pasquale, the Alcalde's military adviser... He is a second-rate soldier of fortune who leads the campaign of frustrating taxation, who considered Diego "a fancy clown" but who suggests a practical plan, an alliance for the good of the state...<br /><br />J. Edward Bromberg is the cowardly Alcalde, Don Luis Quintero, a corrupted thief, enemy of the people, whose tyranny and avarice are always enforced by the treachery of his iron hand, the rigorous captain Esteban...<br /><br />Eugene Palette plays the mission 'fat' priest (Father Felipe) who ignores that Diego is the opposing force...<br /><br />The high point of the picture is the fantastic duel between Power and Rathbone, a masterpiece of screen Swordplay...<br /><br />Rouben Mamoulian succeeds in making two great stars dance to an unheard music... With a touch of a great filmmaker, Mamoulian mixes harmoniously movement and action, decor and lightning with rage and turmoil, heroism and romance...<br /><br />Under Alfred Newman's Oscar-Nominated score and despite the unusual absence of Technicolor, the film (the first of the great Tyrone Power swashbucklers ) is great fun, full of vitality and suspense, an exciting, deliciously ironic swashbuckler...
FOX has done an excellent job with this release of the Mark of Zorro. This is a two sided disc. The one side has the movie in its origianl Black and White release. The other side has the movie colorized.<br /><br />Ths print FOX used for this release is in excellent condition. It has specks here and there but due to it's age these are bound to be present. But the print is very clear and very clean.
I,ve always enjoyed this type of movie.  The fencing scene between Tyrone Power and Basil Rathbone was, and still is one of the best action scenes in all movies.  Rathbone was an accomplished user of the foil and was to have said, "Tyrone Power could have fenced Errol Flynn into a box."  I am in awe at times of the athletic abilities that some actors have.  Great movie, one of Hollywood's finest as far as I'm concerned. I highly recommend it for all audiences.  It is an example of a movie made without the electronic wizardry that prevails today
If you are a fan of Tyrone Power or Basil Rathbone you will love this movie!  It is just fun to watch the classic swordmanship of these two actors.
A great classic that can never be outdone, no matter how many remakes ore done of it. The sword fight between Power and Rathbone is the best ever put on film.
I'd rate Zorro just a notch below Flynn's Robin Hood, but just barely.  This is a wonderful swashbuckler, featuring Tyronne Power as Zorro/Don Diego.  He is magnificent in both roles... handsome, athletic, all that you could ask for.  Basil Rathbone is the perfect villian, just as he was in Robin Hood, as Captain Pasquale.  Little is usually said about Zorro's romantic interest, Linda Darnell, but she was sure gorgeous!  And the padre is the same man who played Friar Tuck in Robin Hood... terrific.  The music was perfect, the sword fight at the end was a masterpiece, everything was terrific.  <p>As much as I liked Power in this role, I liked him even more in &quot;The Long Gray Line&quot;.  Power also served honorably and with distinction in battle during World War II... another reason to like him.
IF YOU LIKE TO SEE REVENGE AGINST EVIL,THIS IS  THE MOVIE YOU HAVE TO SEE. YOU ARE SEEING ACTING DISCIPLINE IN ACTION WHEN YOU SEE TYRONE POWER IN ALL THE MOVIES HE HAS BEEN IN, AND RIGHTFULLY SO,HIS FATHER WAS AN ACTOR ALSO.
This must rate as one of the best Swashbucklers ever. Good acting, good action and a pleasure to watch. It even has a decent plot, which isn't always the case in this genre. The characters are real people instead of  two-dimensional figures and the climactic swordfight is downright  beautiful.
mark of zorro was a very good movie, glad i was able to buy it
Tyrone Power is excellent in the dual role of Diego (masquerading as a foppish aristocrat) and the Californian hero Zorro. The story is great, the pacing works well, and there is plenty of action, humor, and romance. And there's an all-time classic swordfight between Power's Diego and Rathbone's Captain Pasquale. Just an excellent, classic film.
Now here is a true old time/old school  Hollywood Classic! Tyrone Power walks away with high honors as the masked man in black, the Robin Hood of old California. TP takes on the role of Zorro the fox to avenge his father's being deposed as a local Governor. Basil Rathbone is pitch perfect as the main black hat and J. Edward Bromberg is fine as his sniveling front man.  The antipathy twixt TP and BR is palpable from the time they lay eyes on each other.TP is wonderful in his double role-especially as the foppish, overly elegant Don Diego, sniffing, preening, peering through his spectacles and engaging in magic tricks. The audience knows he is the bravest guy around but most of the cast had no idea until the resolution.  That includes both a dazzling, wheeling sword duel with Rathbone plus a jail break! There had to be a girl involved and that role is well played by 17 year old Linda Darnell. Watch for the scene in the chapel with LD and "the priest". MZ is sharply directed by Rouben Mamoulian and is shot in beautiful classic black and white. Some have compared MZ to Robin Hood but this reviewer was reminded instead by "The Scarlet Pimpernel" with Leslie Howard. If this movie has a single weakness it lies in the cluttered closing scenes after the resolution. Perhaps Mr. Mamoulian had trouble wrapping the film or maybe those scenes played out better in a movie house with a big screen. No matter! "The Mark of Zorro" is a true 5 star Hollywood classic to be enjoyed by all ages.
This is the Zorro of my childhood and I was in love with Ty Power and his pairing with Linda Darnell. Of course my Mom had to tell me he was dead. My only adult criticism is that the script lacks character development but it was my introduction to Zorro and I loved the film. Then came Disney. Of course there is a wonderful sword fight - no unsuitable stripping of clothes. Actors like Ty Power and Errol Flynn in those days actually took proper fencing lessons and were credible. The DVD has both the original B&W and the best colorized version of a movie I have ever seen. It did not distract or disappoint. The DVD also contains the added bonus of the great A&E Biography of Tyrone Power. Wish he had lived longer. He was out of the control of DZ/Fox and was coming into his own playing deeper characters and making better movies. As Caesar Romero said in his eulogy: "What a beautiful man". Thank you Mr. Powers for the wonderful hours of escape I enjoyed as a child watching your films on the Early Show in NYC.
Upon returning to California from military training in Spain, Don Diego Vega (Tyrone Power) is shocked to see the wretched condition of the peasants and assumes the guise of Zorro to strike terror into the heart of the greedy alcalde (J. Edward Bromberg) who has usurped the position of Don Diego's own father (Montagu Love).<br /><br />This is Hollywood swashbuckling at its finest.  Power is excellent not only as the dashing, heroic Zorro, but also very amusing when he puts on foppish airs to make everyone believe that Don Diego is an insignificant dandy.  Basil Rathbone makes a strong impression as the alcalde's chief henchman.  His swordfight with Power is a highlight of this exciting film.
The Mark of Zorro is a very good version of Zorro. I really enjoyed the option of seeing it in color as well as in black and white. The color version made it seem a little more modern. They did a really nice job in the color processing of it. It's very interesting to because you learn some of the history of California that you may not have been aware of. Tyron Power was a very handsome man and Linda Darnell was so beautiful she was perfect as his love interest in the movie. Take a chance and enjoy this all time classic.
While I perfer my "oldies" in the true black and white format, it was very good to see a very good colorized version.  I heartily recommend this movie to anyone who is in search of real romantic adventure.  The cast is perfect and the acting superb.  Highly recommended.
This is the movie that turned me into a Zorro fan.  I was about 10 when I saw it as a matinee on Sat. TV.  Tyrone Power is perfect as Zorro with those lovely speaking eyes and wonderful sword play.  And Basil Rathbone is  the type of villian that you love to hate.  Throw in Linda Darnell as  Zorro's love interest and the you have a great movie.  The humor is what  holds it altogether and makes you want to watch it again and again.  Diego  making his father a little bit crazy and the govenor a nervous wreck.  I  didn't think that they made movies like this anymore until I saw the Mask  of Zorro.  Not a remake, thank heaven, but with the same spirit and fire as  this one.  As far as I am concerned Zorro can ride forever and I will watch  faithfully.
"The Mark of Zorro" is the most memorable of the Zorro films made about the black masked crusader, fighting for the people and against the injustices of corrupt political officials.  Zorro (Tyrone Power) must stop Captain Pasquale (Basil Rathbone) from destroying Los Angeles by robbing its citizenry while he romances his gorgeous niece (Linda Darnell).<br />TRANSFER: Just awful!  Though the original elements were in pretty bad shape, Fox has managed to restore much of the luster of the original camera negative.  There are age related artifacts, but the real problem here is the edge enhancement and aliasing and shimmering of fine details that are present in EVERY SINGLE FRAME of this disc! The audio is remastered in stereo and nicely presented for its age.<br />EXTRAS: Only a bio on Tyrone Power and an audio commentary by Richard Schickel.<br />BOTTOM LINE: A thrilling story and wonderful performances ruined by a shoddy transfer.  NO to "The Mark of Zorro".
I haven't seen the Douglas Fairbanks version but I do prefer this to "Mask of Zorro".<br /><br />I think I was maybe 13 when I first watched this movie on TCM because my dad was watching it and I was oddly captivated, and now I'm 21 and I still feel the same way.  Sure the dialogue is overwhelmingly cheesy, to the point I'm not sure many people I know would like the movie.  "Lovlier than a morning in June" is an especially awful line.  It is ridiculous, empty flattery at best, and not even a compliment at worst, considering that June weather isn't exactly known as the lovliest, at least in CA.  But any time Don Diego is acting his role pretty much makes up for it.  Cheasy with a purpose!  The action scenes are great, especially all the horse chase and sword fight scenes.  I suppose it is my favorite sword fight scene that doesn't begin with both participants fighting left-handed.  Any scenes where Tyrone Power is switching personas are very well-acted, with my favorite being where he tells the priest the truth.  I also love Errol Flynn and Robin Hood esepcially, but I think I like this one better, and I find it to be more re-watchable.<br /><br />Now it is true that the quality isn't great, and the special features aren't spectacular, but it is priced accordingly, so no matter.  It's like renting it twice!
I first saw The Mark of Zorro starring Tyrone Power as a kid in the 1950's, on a small black and white screen. I loved it. I recently saw the film again, colorized, and I still loved it. The colorization adds to the film because I could get my grandchildren to sit and watch it. They will not watch black and white films because it is "old." The story has been retold many times, but the characterizations can not be topped. Added to the pleaseure is that over the ensuing years, as an adult, later with my grandchildre, I practiced fencing and historical arms. The fencing is very good, and that is another point my family could appreciate, particularly the ending duel between Basil Rathbone's corrupt Captain and Tyrone Power's genteel Diego. So, what's not to like: classic story, top actors, and memories shared. Great fun.
Basil Rathbone is at his best in this movie as a villain.  Great addition to any classic movie buff's library!
I was surprised to find that a special edition of The Mark of Zorro [1940] was coming out and went searching through some of the bigger Internet media sellers to see what's to be known.  Fortunately, I did come across a few details - I don't know if they're complete or not:<br /><br />"Disc 1 side 1: Colorized Feature; Commentary by Richard Schickel<br /><br />Disc 1 side 2: Black and White Feature; Commentary by Richard Schickel; Biography: Tyone Power: The Last Idol; Studio Classics Previews"<br /><br />I loved watching "The Mark of Zorro" growing up, and made sure to tune in whenever it was on television.  I've probably seen the 1940 "Mark of Zorro" in it's original B&W as often as I've seen it in color.  And I am very glad that both versions of the movie will be available to consumers on this DVD.<br /><br />Hopefully Amazon will get an update from Fox on the Special Edition DVD soon and can fill out the details for us.
I had this in black and white. The color version looks like it was filmed in color. This makes the film more enjoyable. When an older movie can be colorized properly I'm satisfied! The early days of colorization were mostly a miss. Glad to see that they are so good that it appears to have been made in color.
Tyrone Power is the consummate Zorro, and this movie is still fun to watch. Swashbuckling, humor, and the "double identity" of Diego continue to make enticing entertainment. Decades after its initial release, the acting and story hold up--even if some of the chase scenes aren't very sophisticated (slightly speeded up film?).  Basil Rathbone as a high-class villain sets just the right tone of menace.
The greatness of a classic movie on a DVD is fantastic. Great quality - and no more rewinding to view favorite scenes.
I highly recommend this film, and would give it ten stars if I could. Tyrone Power is wonderful as Zorro. A very entertaining and romantic film.  Linda Darnell is beautiful in it as well.  Her gowns are lovely.  It has adventure romance, and mystery.  Its a film for all ages.
exclaims Basil Rathbone when he gets a peek into all the loot that's in the coffers he's stealing from Father Eugene Pallette. But of course what he doesn't know is that it was all just put in there by Zorro aka Tyrone Power. "The Mark of Zorro" is a very entertaining romp in old California, when the Spanish nobles still had a lot of sway. Basil Rathbone is simply wonderful as the fencing master who takes an instant dislike to Diego, Tyrone Power's true identity. That's because Gale Sondergaard, heretofore Rathbone's mistress, is now casting glances at Power, who is pretending to be something of a sissy. This is disgusting to senorita Linda Darnell, who respects a Real Hombre, like Zorro. Power is drawn to her, not Sondergaard, but romance has to take a second seat to righting some wrongs. Really great duelling scenes, and some pretty advanced dialogue about an analogy between fruit and Diego make for a picture worth seeing.
I rank this movie second, behind &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark&quot;, of the best Action Movies ever made.<p>This is non stop adventure with a script that does not let go until the very last scene.<p>My eight year old  son loved this movie.
This is the worst transfer to dvd that I've ever seen.  My vhs copy from TCM is much better!  I love the film, but was bitterly disappointed at the shoddy treatment.  Shame!!!
Wonderful black and white movie. My son loves Zorro, and this contains all good action, dialogue, etc. Wholesome family entertainment.
THIS IS A GREAT FILM, EXCEPT THE COLOR SIDE.BOTH SIDES GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, AND SOUND, HOWEVER THEY ARE CRYSTAL CLEAR LASER QUALITY BUT THE COLOR IS ALMOST ON BLACK AND WHITE EDGE. COLOR IS VERY FLAT AND VERY DISAPPOINTING. IF I HAD ORDERED THE COLOR VERSION ALONE I WOULD HAVE THROWN IT IN THE GARBAGE. THE BLACK AND WHITE SIDE WAS PERFRECT SO IM KEEPING IT
Magnificent restoration of the movie. Excellent performances.<br />Superb fight fencing. The product has many added values. My dad and I are very satisfied with the product.
+++++<br /><br />(Note that this review is for the DVD distributed by Fox Home Entertainment and released in March 2004)<br /><br />This movie, based on the story "The Curse of Capistrano," is about the son of a Californian nobleman (Tyrone Power) coming home in the 1820s from Madrid, Spain to find his father's land (the father is played by Montague Love) under a villainous dictatorship (the dictator is played by J.E. Bromberg with his assistant being played by Basil Rathbone).  On the one hand he plays the foolish, vain aristocrat, while on the other he's the masked avenger Zorro (Tyrone Power again).  He, as the disguised Zorro, works to restore his father to power and return tax money stolen by the dictator.  As if this is not enough, he even finds time to romance the ruling tyrant's niece (Linda Darnell).<br /><br />This movie reminded me of "The Adventures of Robin Hood" but without Errol Flynn and the lush, colorful background of Sherwood Forest.  Not only is the storyline (as described above) similar but there are even some of the same actors.  I've already mentioned Basil Rathbone (perhaps most famous for playing "Sherlock Holmes") who again plays a similar role as a villain but there's also Eugene Pallette who also plays a similar but expanded role as a friar.  As in "Robin Hood", there is a thrilling sword duel between our hero (but in his nobleman duds) and the tyrant's assistant.  (Note that this duel is not as thrilling as the one in "Robin Hood.")<br /><br />I found both the cinematography and the musical score quite well done.  The acting especially by Tyrone Power is very good.  I felt that Tyrone Power did not appear often enough as Zorro.<br /><br />This movie is sometimes slow and lacks energy in places.  I also found that the black and white gave the movie an unintentional claustrophobic feeling.<br /><br />Finally, the transfer to DVD could have been better but I found it acceptable.  There are two extras on this DVD that I found interesting.<br /><br />In conclusion, an exciting classic has been restored to DVD.  Be sure to see this movie and learn the true story of Zorro!!<br /><br />(1940;  95 min;  black and white;  closed-captioned)<br /><br />+++++
I saw this film in 1959.is a great film,writing about Mask of Zorro of  1940,well...firist,everything that one should know about of,has been said  many times before and I like very mutch and I'm a fã of Tyrone Power..it's  for now.thanks
Wow!  What a story, what acting, what adventure.  The color was gorgeous, have not watched the B & W side, probably won't either.  Linda Darnell was perfect for the leading lady to Ty.  No complaints come to mind.  When purchasing, get the dvd with the special features and the 6 lobby card replicas.  You won't be disappointed!
Almost two decades after Ted Turner put away his crayons and stopped "colorizing" the MGM and Warner Brothers classics ... and Now, when most of the industry is focused on restoring films to their original brilliance and releasing them on DVD in pristine condition ... Fox Home Video is choosing to shoot themselves and their customers in the foot by re-releasing their highly vaunted "Studio Classics" in ghastly computer-colored versions that feature washed-out transfers and pale, unappealing tints.  Oh!  And in the case of "The Mark of Zorro", they're charging a little bit more than they did for the black-and-white version ... a higher price for a lot less quality.  What are these people thinking?!<br /><br />Do yourself - and the world - a favor by not encouraging Fox to continue this travesty.  Colorization mercifully died a long time ago, and deserves to remain dead.  (If you want more professional looking color, just watch the black and white version with a layer of multi-colored Jello smeared on your TV screen.)  Shame on you, Fox!  You've got hundreds of films in your vaults that the public is eagerly waiting for.  Better to preserve and release them before they crumble to dust than to try and grab a few extra dollars by hideously tampering with titles you've already released.
Tyrone Power plays Zorro...the liberator of early California from Spain. Excellent swashbuckling action. Co-starring Basil Rathbone.
THE MARK OF ZORRO is a movie that should have been filmed in Technicolor in the first place. Then there's the seemingly national prejudice against colorization, spawned, no doubt, by the awful early efforts. However, like<br /><br />most innovations, early efforts are crude and can improve only by trial<br /><br />and error.<br /><br />"Artistic censors" saw early on that they must stop this evil - and they did. "We must preserve the black and white originals"...apparently these<br /><br />idiots did not know that only a tape of the film was colorized; the original negative was never touched. Technicolor was used infrequently because it cost triple the money of a black and white film. Money, not aesthetics controlled this aspect of movie-making.<br /><br />At last, Twentieth Century Fox is correcting some of their past decisions<br /><br />by colorizing THE MARK OF ZORRO, and a fine job it is. Color lightens the<br /><br />mood of this costume epic, and gives a warmth to the fine cast. They have<br /><br />also done a great job of colorizing MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET. (At last, the Thanksgiving Day Parade looks festive.)<br /><br />"Purists" rejoice! The black and white original can be seen on the same DVD. However, I'll bet you never watch it once you've seen it in color!
